‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.45. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Amos (9 chapters, 146 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (15 verses)‬
1: 1 Dbr֣i Am֔os Asr-hi֥h Bnkd֖im Mtk֑oa Asr֩ Hz֨h Al-isra֜l Bim֣i | Azi֣h [Q] [n] [p] Mֽlc-ihod֗h and Bim֞i Irba֤m Bn-ioas֙ M֣lc Isra֔l Snt֖im Lfn֥i Hrֽas:
2: 1 And the LORD said unto them, Yea, the Lord of the worlds is the one who is thirsty, and the one who is thirsty, and the one who is thirsty, and the one who is hungry.
3: 1 As for the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
4: 1 And my inheritance came to me, and I was ashamed of the children of the children, and the food of the children of Israel was in Aramna, the son of David.
5: 1 And when I saw my voice, I was in the midst of the blood, and the heat of the heat, and the heat of my heart, that I may dwell in the depths of the earth, and I will come to you from the depths of the earth, from the depths of the earth, and to the sea, to the people of Aram.
6: 1 Thus the Lord, the Lord, hath made a hundred years upon the people of the tribe of Esau, for I am not afraid of them; but I am not afraid of them; but I will not turn away from them, but they will not be revealed.
7: 1 And my inheritance came to me in the midst of the earth, and I came to eat it, and I ate it, and I gave it to them.
8: 1 And you shall be aware of me, that I may be ashamed of you, and I will be ashamed of you, and I will come to you in peace, and I will bring you back to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
9: 1 As for the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD!
10: 1 And I will bring my wife into the house, and I will go to the house of the children of Israel.
11: 1 C֚h Am֣r Iho֔h Al-slsh֙ Fsa֣i Ad֔om and Al-arba֖h L֣a Asib֑no Al-rdf֨o Bh֤rb Ahio֙ and Sh֣t Rhm֔io and Itr֤f Lad֙ Af֔o and Abrt֖o Sm֥rh Nֽtzh:
12: 1 And my inheritance came to me, and I was ashamed of the two children, and the food was eaten up, and I gave up the food of the children of Nazareth.
13: 1 As if the LORD, the LORD, were three hundred years old, the people of Nineveh, the sons of Ammon, Amon, and the Arbaaites, were they not? I will not answer, because they are not in the midst of them, but they are the mighty ones, the mighty ones, and the men of the land, the mighty ones, the mighty ones.
14: 1 And I will bring fire to you in the midst of a great multitude, and I will eat it, and I will raise it up, and I will bring it forth in it, and I will give it to them, and I will give it to them, and I will give it to them. "[14]
15: 1 And these are the kings of the angels; they are not in the world; they are the people, and the flesh of their children is Yahovah, but the LORD is the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (16 verses)‬
1: 2 Thus the LORD, the LORD, hath made a hundred thousand to the people of Israel, and the people of Arba'a, the LORD of Sheba, and I will return to the land of Israel, even though I will not give up on you, nor will I bring the people of Israel into the land of Israel.
2: 2 And I sent away the food of the cattle, and the food of the flock, the pillars of the cherries, and the meat of the meat, and of the meat of the meat, and of the meat of the fruit of the tree.
3: 2 And thou shalt know all things, that thou shalt not be sacrificed; and all his flesh shall be with him, and he shall be angry with him;
4: 2 C֚h Am֣r Iho֔h Al-slsh֙ Fsa֣i Ihod֔h and Al-arba֖h L֣a Asib֑no Aֽl-mas֞m At-tor֣t Iho֗h and Hkio֙ L֣a Sm֔ro and Itaom֙ Czbih֔m Asr-hlc֥o Abot֖m Ahrihֽm:
5: 2 And my inheritance came to me, and I will not be ashamed of it, nor shall I be afraid of it, nor shall I eat it;
6: 2 Thus the mother of the LORD, the Lord of Israel, went up against the three men of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of the land of Israel, and the land of Israel.
7: 2 The men of the tribe of Aphrod-eretz, who were in the midst of the generations of the people of Israel, are still in the midst of you, the people of Israel, and their fathers, and they have turned their backs on the people of the land, so that they may enter into their land, and sanctify their land.
8: 2 And they went up to Gad, and they took him captive, and he gave him a gift, and he gave him all the money, and he gave them to him, and they were not punished, so that they made him captive, because the God of God was with them.
9: 2 and A֨nc֜i Hsm֤dti At-hֽamri֙ Mfnih֔m As֨r Cg֤bh Arzim֙ Gbh֔o and Hs֥n H֖oa Cֽalon֑im and Asm֤id Frio֙ Mm֔al and Srs֖io Mtֽht:
10: 2 And I beseech thee, I beseech thee, from the land of Egypt: and I will bring thee to them in the wilderness, even unto the four hundred, that they shall give to thee, that thou shalt bring down the land of the Amorites.
11: 2 And they will raise up your sons, and they will not be sacrificed, and they will come to them, and they will not be destroyed; they will not return to Israel, but they will not be destroyed.
12: 2 And they took the goats, and they went up against them, and they went up against the Nabhites, and the commandment of them was not, but they were not brought.
13: 2 Behold, I am with thee, and I will not give them thy bread, but as a fire, I will lift up the tree of the wheels, and it shall be filled with bread.
14: 2 And the father of Manus, the captain of the tribe of Zechariah, did not believe in his strength, nor did he rebuke him, neither was he afraid of his enemy.
15: 2 And the little one of the women of the tribe of Lochameh went up to him, and he went down with his feet, and he did not go, and he murmured, and he blessed him, so that he could not be afraid;
16: 2 And the mother of the sons of the sons of the sons of Gilboa rebelled against them, but the people of the land were still alive, and there was no nation.
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (15 verses)‬
1: 3 Hear this, and I will bring it to you, and I will bring it to you, and I will bring it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
2: 3 Behold, I have given thee strength, and I have given up all the things of the children of Israel, so that I may go down to you, and I will go down to them.
3: 3 Behold, they are two sons, and they are one, and they are not.
4: 3 Behold, I will see it, and behold, it will come to pass, and it will be put to rest, but it will not go down: for it shall be given to him, as it is the voice of his voice.
5: 3 And the voice of the people was shining upon the face of the earth, and it was oppressed, and the people were not there: behold, the people of Israel were with them, and the people of Israel were still there.
6: 3 If the people of Shavuar die in the midst of the fire, then they shall not be afraid, but they will not be afraid; but the LORD shall be a wicked shepherd in the fire, and he, behold, he is not doing what he hath done.
7: 3 And when he did not go, he did not do anything, but Adonai, Yahweh, said to David, "Behold, I am the mother of Gilgal, the servant of his servants, the servant of the servants of the people of Israel."
8: 3 Behold, I will come to thee, and I will not be afraid; for I will not be afraid;
9: 3 Hsm֙iao֙ Al-armn֣ot Basd֔od and Aֽl-armn֖ot Ba֣rtz Mtzr֑im and Amr֗o Haֽsfo֙ Al-hr֣i Smr֔on and Ra֞o Mhom֤t Rbot֙ Btoc֔h and Asok֖im Bkrbֽh:
10: 3 And it came to pass, that there was no knowledge of the work of the LORD, that was, the commandment of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
11: 3 For this is what the Lord has said, O Lord, O LORD! Behold, the Lord is the Savior, the Lord of the earth, and the Lord of the earth, your strength, your strength, and your strength, your strength, and your strength.
12: 3 Ch֮ Am֣r Ihoh֒ Casr֩ Itz֨il Hra֜h Mf֧i Har֛i St֥i Cra֖im A֣o Bdl-a֑zn C֣n Intzl֞o Bn֣i Isra֗l Hiֽsbim֙ Bs֣mr֔on Bfa֥t Mt֖h and Bdm֥sk Aֽrs:
13: 3 Behold, I pray thee, and I will bring him into the midst of the LORD, and I will bring him to the house of Yahweh, O God, O God, and the people of Zion.
14: 3 Therefore, when I am with you, O Jacob, I pray thee, O Israel, the people of Israel; and I will bring them to the land of Israel, and I will bring them to the land of Israel, and they shall be destroyed; and they shall be redeemed, and they shall be destroyed, and the land of the inheritance shall be brought to them, and they shall fall to the land.
15: 3 And the house of the king was destroyed on the house of the daughter of the king, and the children of the children were destroyed, and the children of the children were burned down, and they were burned down;
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (13 verses)‬
1: 4 He heard the voice of the Lord, and he said to him, "This is the people of the tribe of Bashan, which is the people of the land, and the people of the land of Israel, and the people of the land." The LORD said to them, "Do not be afraid!
2: 4 Let the LORD sit down, O LORD! Behold, he is in his sanctuary, for he is with you, for he is with you, and he is with you, and he is not with you, and he will not lift you up in the midst of your troubles, and afterward you will be in prison.
3: 4 And thou shalt bring forth the commandment of the woman, the woman of the children of Israel, and the shepherd of the flock, the shepherd of the flock, and of the children of Judah.
4: 4 Behold, I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will bring it to you, and I will bring it to you.
5: 4 And it was cut off from the fire, and it was not in the heat of the earth; and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, that they had made a noise, so that they had given it to them, because they loved it, and they were in it;
6: 4 And also, I have given them a gift, for they have not given them the spoils of their sleep, but in all their wickedness, and they have been cut off from their bread, and they have given them bread, and they have not returned to them, yet they are not worthy of the LORD.
7: 4 and G֣m Anci֩ Mn֨ati Mc֜m At-hg֗sm Ba֨od Sls֤h Hdsim֙ Lktz֔ir and Hmtrti֙ Al-a֣ir Ah֔t and Al-a֥ir Ah֖t L֣a Amt֑ir Hlk֤h Aht֙ Tmt֔r and Hlk֛h Asֽr-lֽa-tmt֥ir Al֖ih Tibֽs:
8: 4 And he went on, saying, "There shall be two men, who shall go up to the sea, and go up to the sea, and go back to the sea, and they shall return to their land, and they shall return to their land, and they shall return to their land, and they shall return to their land."
9: 4 Behold, I have brought you in the mouth of the earth, and the greatness of them, the multitude of their gardens, and their vineyards, and their crowns, and their crowns, and their vessels, and the vessels thereof.
10: 4 Sl֨hti Bc֥m D֙br֙ Bd֣rc Mtzr֔im Hr֤gti Bh֙rb֙ Bh֣oric֔m A֖m Sb֣i Sֽosic֑m and Aal֞h Ba֤s Mhnicm֙ and ֽbafc֔m and Lֽa-sbt֥m Ad֖i Nam-ihoֽh:
11: 4 And I will give you the blessing of the Lord, and I will bring them down, and they will come down to me, and I will come to them, as if they were born.
12: 4 Behold, as it is, I will make thy throne to thee, that I may raise thee up: for I will not be afraid of thee, that thou mayest be afraid of thy God, that thy God may see thee.
13: 4 Therefore, behold, it is not clear, and it is not clear, but it is not, nor is it, that is, a man, and a shield for man, so what is the purpose of it, that is, what is it that is done to him, that is, what is the thing that is done to the people of Israel, and that is what I have done unto you?
‪xxxx  Chapter 5   (27 verses)‬
1: 5 Behold, thou shalt bring the Lord, that which is his name: for I am not a man, but I am a man; but I will not lift thee up, but they shall not be consumed.
2: 5 The people of Israel, the Lord of the Worlds, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, are not ashamed of themselves, because they are against the land of Israel, but they are not ready to be established.
3: 5 When she said, she said, Behold, I am with you, O LORD! Behold, the LORD is the one who has given birth to the son of Israel, and the one who has given birth to her, and the one who has given birth to her, is not the one who has given birth to her. Is it not possible for her to become pregnant?
4: 5 For when the LORD came to him, he said unto the LORD, Behold, the LORD shall come to me, and I will not be ashamed;
5: 5 And he went up to him, saying, Behold, I am with you, and the gallows are not, and they are not in the house, but they are not in the house, but they are not in the oven; for the waves of the waves are mighty, and they shall come forth, and they shall come to them, and they shall come to them.
6: 5 And he hath sent the LORD, O God, to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him,
7: 5 Behold, they shall be satisfied, and they shall not be satisfied: and they shall be righteous, and righteousness shall be given to the earth;
8: 5 Do not do this for yourselves, and do not be cruel, and let you go to the depths of darkness, and behold, I will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
9: 5 Whosoever shall bring the sword of the earth into the earth, and go down to the depths of the wilderness;
10: 5 He hated the people of the land, and made them wise, and they went astray;
11: 5 L֠cn I֣an Bossc֞m Al-d֗l and Msat-br֙ Tkh֣o Mm֔no Bt֥i Gz֛it Bnit֖m and La-t֣sbo B֑m Crmi-h֣md Ntat֔m and L֥a Tst֖o At-iinֽm:
12: 5 When my hands are full, I will give you strength, and they will not give up your sins, and I will give them strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength.
13: 5 For this is the way to dwell, but when they come, they will bring them down: for they are evil, but they are evil.
14: 5 And the Lord of the heavens and the earth shall go forth to Meen; for I will be alive; and so shall I be, O Jehovah, O God, O God, I am the LORD, and I will bring you up to them, as I have said, I said unto them.
15: 5 They hated the wicked, and the foolishness of the children, and the children, in the midst of the wickedness of the children of Israel;
16: 5 L֠cn Cֽh-am֨r Iho֜h Alh֤i Tzbaot֙ Adn֔i Bcl-rhb֣ot Msf֔d and Bcl-hotz֖ot Iamr֣o Ho-h֑o and Kra֤o Acr֙ Al-a֔bl and Msf֖d Al-i֥odai Nֽhi:
17: 5 And in all the vineyards, from the sea, and from the sea, and from the sea, in the midst of you, where is the LORD?
18: 5 The LORD said unto them, Behold, thou shalt be afraid, O LORD, what is the name of the LORD?
19: 5 As a man, there is no man, but a man, a man of his own eyes; he is a mountain; and his heart is filled with fear. And he brought his son to him, and his name was on you, and his name was upon him, and he was victorious.
20: 5 Behold, the LORD is the LORD, and the Lord is the LORD, and the Lord is not, and he is not.
21: 5 I have hated you, but I have not given them to you, but I will give them to you, and I will give them to you.
22: 5 For if they rise up against me, and go up against them, and let them go down, they will not see her, and they will not lift them up from their sight: neither shall I be afraid.
23: 5 Thou shalt not go up from me: for the loaves of thy flesh shall be upon thee, and ye shall remember: for thou shalt not despise thy neighbor: neither shall I bring guilt.
24: 5 And Jaghl was as full of mercy and righteousness as he had been.
25: 5 The sacrifice is not, and it is a commandment: it is the grain of the grain, for it is in the breadth of the earth, the four hundred, that is, the bread, the seed of the seed of Israel.
26: 5 And you shall bear witness, if they are not the people of the kingdom, they shall be blessed, and they shall die; for they are not, and they shall be crucified, and they shall be numbered, and they shall not die.
27: 5 And I will reveal to you that you have not given up to the blood of Isaac, but the LORD is the LORD, the LORD is the God of Zion, and the commandment of the Lord is his name.
‪xxxx  Chapter 6   (14 verses)‬
1: 6 The children of the Levites were ashamed of Zion and of the foolishness of the children of Samaria, and of the tribe of Neon, the first of them was the chief of the Haggai, and they were not of them, because they were not in the house of Israel.
2: 6 And he said unto him, Come, I pray thee, behold, I will see thee, and behold, I will come unto thee, and behold, the LORD shall be with him, and the LORD shall be with him, and he shall be with him, and he shall be with him, and he shall return to the land of the LORD.
3: 6 The Lord, the Lord, is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior.
4: 6 And the people of the captives, who were in the midst of them, went up to them, and went to the land of Arush, and they ate it, and consumed it.
5: 6 The people shall be put on the edge of their hands, and they shall be in the hands of the hand of the hand;
6: 6 The six shall dwell in Mizarki, and they shall be the first, and the first, the fifth, the fifth, the fifth, the fifth, the fifth, the fifth, the fifth, the fifth, the fifth, the fifth, the fifth;
7: 6 To them, when thou hast come forth, they shall come unto him, and they shall be filled with fire; and they shall be filled with rain.
8: 6 Nsba֩ Adn֨i Iho֜h Bnfs֗o Nam-ihoh֙ Alh֣i Tzba֔ot Mta֤b Aֽnci֙ At-ga֣on Iֽak֔b and Armnt֖io Sn֑ati and Hsgrt֖i A֥ir and Mlaֽh:
9: 6 And it came to pass, if it was clear, that it was nine men, that they were men, but they were not in the house of the other, and they were their wives.
10: 6 And Nsa֞o Dod֣o and Msrf֗o Lhotz֣ia Atzmim֮ Mn-hbit֒ and Am֞r Las֨r Birct֥i Hb֛it Ha֥od Am֖c and Am֣r A֑fs and Am֣r H֔s C֛i L֥a Lhzc֖ir Bs֥m Ihoֽh:
11: 6 When the LORD gave her strength, she gave her strength, and she gave her strength, and she gave him strength, and she gave him a little piece of bread, and the little girl brought it in the valley.
12: 6 And the people of the tribe of Basseleh went away, but they were not married again, but they were not in the first place, but they were not in the first place, but they were still at the head of the house of the tribe of Shaphat, and the people of Tzadek, the inhabitants of Lala'anah, were there.
13: 6 They were glad, but they were not, but they were born, they were not, they were rebellious, but they were not in our strength, but they gave us strength, because they were with us, and they were burned.
14: 6 For, behold, I am with you, I will raise them up to you, and I will bring them to Israel, so that I may be worthy of the LORD, O God, for I am the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the LORD, the Lord, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord.
‪xxxx  Chapter 7   (17 verses)‬
1: 7 So, behold, I saw that I was with you, O Lord, O LORD, and I am the LORD, and I am the LORD, and I am the one who is with you, and I am the one who is with you.
2: 7 And behold, if all things were done, I would not go down, but I would return to the land, and the people of the land would be destroyed, and the LORD would be with me, and the LORD was with me, and the LORD was with me.
3: 7 Noah, the LORD, the Son of Israel, dwelled on this, and behold, there is no god but Yahweh.
4: 7 So, behold, I saw that I was with you, O Lord, O LORD! Behold, Korah is no more worthy of the Lord. The Lord has given up the Lord, and the Lord has given up the LORD. And he has given up the LORD.
5: 7 And Ammon returned to Adonai, YHVH, and David, the son of David, was born in the land of Israel.
6: 7 Let them be, O Yahweh, O son of Zechariah, even thou shalt not be angry; for it is not a covenant;
7: 7 This is what I see, and I am with you, Adonai, I will be victorious over the heavens, but I will give you up to him, and I will give you his hand.
6: 7 And the Lord said, O LORD, be unto me, O LORD, behold, thou art the witness, seeing, behold, I am thy servant, and I am saying, Adonai, behold, I am with you, that I am not worthy, but that I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
9: 7 And the people of Israel were in the midst of them, and they were ashamed of themselves, and sanctified themselves, and the people of Israel rose up, and the people of Israel were destroyed, and they rose up against the children of the tribe of Jeroboam, but they were in the house of the LORD.
10: 7 and Isl֗h Amtzih֙ Ch֣n Bֽit-a֔l Al-irba֥m Mֽlc-isra֖l Lam֑r Ks֨r Al֜ic Am֗os Bk֙rb֙ B֣it Isra֔l La-toc֣l Ha֔rtz Lhc֖il At-cl-dbrֽio:
11: 7 For when the people of Amor were destroyed, they were in the midst of the sea, and the people of Israel were thirsty, and the people of Israel were full of them; they were mighty, and they came out of the midst of the land of Adamath.
12: 7 And I will say, Amaziah, I pray thee unto the people of the land of Hazaz, that I may return to thee in the spirit of thy inheritance, unto the seed of the LORD, and they shall eat their bread, and the bread of their bread shall be given to them.
13: 7 And it came to pass, that thou shalt not be afraid, that thou shalt be born, that ye may not sanctify it, and that thou shalt not be sanctified.
14: 7 And Amos was angry with me, and he said to Amaziah, "Why are you not answering me? I am not a son of a son, but I am a son of a son, because I am crying for you, because I am crying, but I am crying for you, and I am not afraid of them."
15: 7 And he took me, O Jehovah, from the last of the men of the flock, and said unto me, Behold, Jehovah, O LORD, be with thee, thou shalt bring forth unto the people of Israel.
16: 7 And when it came to pass, that the word of the LORD came to pass, he said unto him, Thou shalt not go down unto the children of Israel; and let him not be tempted to live by the house of Isaac;
17: 7 Lc֞n Ch-am֣r Iho֗h Astc֞ Ba֤ir Tznh֙ and Bn֤ic and Bnt֙ic֙ Bh֣rb If֔lo and Admtc֖ Bh֣bl Thl֑k and At֗h Al-adm֤h Tmah֙ Tm֔ot and I֨sra֔l Gl֥h Igl֖h Ma֥l Admtֽo: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 8   (14 verses)‬
1: 8 This is how I see, I am with you, O Lord! Jehovah is with you, and we are all like you.
2: 8 And he said unto Moses, Behold, thou shalt see, behold, the people of Amos, and Moses, and all the children of the tribe of Zechariah, and the LORD said unto them, Behold, I am not with thee, behold, the LORD hath come down unto me, even unto the people of Israel, even unto them, I will not be angry with them.
3: 8 And there was a song, a song, a voice, and a voice, a voice, and a voice, a voice, a voice, a voice, and a voice, and a voice, and the voice of the Lord.
4: 8 I heard the voice of the people, and they returned to me, and they returned to me, and they returned to me.
5: 8 And he said unto him, Thou shalt not go up, and he that hath sat down in the midst of the earth, and hath sat down, and hath sat down, the light of the scepter, and he that hath returned to him, and he hath taken away the vengeance, and he hath rebelled against him.
6: 8 Buy the children of the house of the children of the children of Israel, and give them to the children of the tribe of Naor, and they shall rise up out of the river.
7: 8 The LORD, the LORD, came to rest in the midst of the greatness of Jacob, but the people of Esau were victorious, and all their actions were done.
8: 8 And this is what I am afraid of, and I will not be angry with you, nor shall I be ashamed of her, nor her husband, nor her husband, nor her husband, nor her husband, nor her husband, nor her husband, nor her husband, nor her husband, nor her husband, nor her husband, nor her husband, nor her husband.
9: 8 And behold, behold, this is the house of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord.
10: 8 and Hfct֨i Hgic֜m La֗bl and Cl-sֽiricm֙ Lkin֔h and Halit֤i Al-cl-mtn֙im֙ S֔k and Al-cl-r֖as Krh֑h and Smt֙ih֙ Ca֣bl Ih֔id and Ahrit֖h Ci֥om Mֽr:
11: 8 Hn֣h | Im֣im Ba֗im Nam֙ Adn֣i Iho֔h and Hslht֥i Ra֖b Ba֑rtz Lֽa-ra֤b Ll֙hm֙ and Lֽa-tzm֣a Lm֔im C֣i Am-lsm֔a A֖t Dbr֥i Ihoֽh:
12: 8 And they came to Me, because they were still in the midst of them, and the people of Mizpun, and Mizorah, were there, and the people of Judah were there, so that they could not destroy the word of the LORD, and they were not satisfied.
13: 8 Behold, this is the voice of the foolishness, the greatness of the foolishness, the greatness of the children, and the stranger in the midst of trouble.
14: 8 The twenty-seven shall be in the midst of the earth, and they shall be saved, and they shall be judged, and they shall say: Behold, God is your God, Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, and of the people of the world, and of the people of Israel, and of the people of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 9   (15 verses)‬
1: 9 Ra֨iti At-adn֜i Ntz֣b Aֽl-hmzb֗h and Iamr֩ H֨c Hcft֜or and Iras֣o Hsf֗im and Btz֙am֙ Br֣as Cl֔m and Ahrit֖m Bh֣rb Ahr֑g Lֽa-in֤os Lhm֙ N֔s and Lֽa-iml֥t Lh֖m Flֽit:
2: 9 But if they are not, they will be ashamed of them, but they will not take their hand, but they will take them, and they will not go up to the heavens, because they will not be consumed by them.
3: 9 And if they were born, they would be in the midst of the fire of the sword, and they would be burned down, because they were afraid of them, and they took away the fire, and if they could lift up their fire, they gave me the shield of my eyes, and they were in the midst of the fire, and they came to them, because they had not taken away their land, but they had destroyed their land.
4: 9 And if I may come to him, I will return to them, and they will not return to me, and I will bring them back. [U] When I have taken them captive, I will bring them together, and I will put them to death, and I will put their eyes on them, and they will bring them up to their evil ways.
5: 9 And God, behold, the LORD commanded the people of the land, the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the inhabitants of the land;
6: 9 The son of the Lord is in the midst of the earth. * He is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Lord.
7: 9 Hl֣oa Cbni֩ Csi֨im At֥m L֛i Bn֥i Isra֖l Nam-iho֑h Hl֣oa At-isra֗l Hal֙iti֙ Ma֣rtz Mtzr֔im and Flsti֥im Mcft֖or and Ar֥m Mkֽir:
8: 9 Hn֞h Ain֣i | Adn֣i Iho֗h Bmmlch֙ Hֽhta֔h and Hsmdt֣i At֔h Ma֖l Fn֣i Hadm֑h A֗fs C֠i L֣a Hsm֥id Asm֛id At-b֥it Iak֖b Nam-ihoֽh:
9: 9 Therefore, behold, behold, I am not worthy of the commandment, and I will go away with my anger in the midst of the generations, and I will bring the children of Israel into captivity, because as the women are, they will not go down in the wilderness, nor shall they be oppressed, neither shall the children of Israel be angry with them.
10: 9 In the midst of the day of his death, as for the sinner, they were with me: they said, "Behold, there is no man, no man, and be steadfast in our things, that is evil."
11: 9 Behold, this is the time of the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
12: 9 To Maan, the Lord of the heavens, I will bring the remnant of Edom to all the nations of the world, for which is the name of the people of the people, so that they may not be raised up; for they are not worthy, but Jehovah is the God of the people.
13: 9 Behold, ye shall die, yea, yea, yea, O son of Yahweh, lo, and he that hath made his inheritance, the thorn, and the thorn, and the thieves, the thieves, the thieves, and the thieves, the thieves, the thieves, and the hippos, the thieves, the threshing-boards, and all the people of the land;
14: 9 and Sbti֮ At-sb֣ot Am֣i Isral֒ and Bn֞o Ar֤im Nsmot֙ and Is֔bo and Nta֣o Crm֔im and St֖o At-iin֑m and As֣o Gn֔ot and Acl֖o At-frihֽm:
15: 9 And you shall not go up against their earth, but they shall not be consumed; but they shall not go down from their land; but as for them, I will not give them up; for they are not, but the LORD is the LORD your God.
‪xxxx    End of Amos (9 chapters, 146 verses).
