‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.46. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    2 Chronicles (36 chapters, 822 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (18 verses)‬
1: 1 And the son of David became a ruler of his kingdom, and his eyes were on him, and his God was with him, and he grew up, and brought him to his house.
2: 1 And he said to Solomon, All the men of Israel are with me, and to my servants, they are the gods, and they are the women, and they are the masters of the women, and they are all men, and they are all the children of Israel.
3: 1 and Ilc֗o Slmh֙ and Cl-hkh֣l Am֔o Lbm֖h As֣r Bgba֑on Ci-s֣m Hi֗h A֤hl Moad֙ Hֽalh֔im As֥r As֛h Ms֥h Aֽbd-iho֖h Bmdbֽr:
4: 1 The father of the LORD, O God, is the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the David, the one who commanded the people, the youth of the land, the people of the land, the people of the land, the people of the land, the people of the land, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Jerusalem.
5: 1 And Mizbah, the son of the son of Asher, the son of Asher, did the same thing in the house of Ben-Or, son of Ahronoth, because they were in favor of them, because they dwelt among them, and the LORD gave them to him, and they destroyed him, and destroyed them, and destroyed them.
6: 1 And it came to pass, that they had given up their inheritance for the sake of the inheritance, and this was the inheritance of the children of Israel, so that they might be turned away: the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD!
7: 1 Behold, I pray thee, behold, the LORD hath seen God, and he hath not yet gone astray: and he said unto him, Shall I not ask thee, thou art not unto me?
8: 1 And he said unto Solomon, Behold, I am not God; for thou hast done nothing, but thou hast done with my father, and my father is with me, and I am not afraid of him, and I have destroyed thee, and I have given thee strength.
9: 1 When the LORD came, Yahweh, O God, is there a man? And he is not worthy of the Lord, but he is your Lord. How are you? Why are you afraid of me? Why are you angry? Why are you? You are the one who has destroyed me, and I will not give up on you. Why are you not angry with me?
10: 1 Thou hast seen wisdom, and it is not known that thou art great; and it came to pass, that is, to the face of it, that is, to the people of this land, and to the father of the LORD, and to the people of the land, to the people of the land.
11: 1 and I֣amr-alh֣im | Lslm֡h I֣an Asr֩ Hit֨h Z֜at Am-lbb֗c and Lֽa-s֠alt A֣sr Ncs֤im and Cbod֙ and At֙ N֣fs Sna֔ic and Gm-im֥im Rb֖im L֣a Sa֑lt and Tֽsal-lc֙ Hcm֣h and Md֔a As֤r Tsfot֙ At-am֔i As֥r Hmlct֖ic Alֽio:
12: 1 Hֽhcm֥h and Hmd֖a Nt֣on L֑c and A֨sr and Ncs֤im and Cbod֙ Atn-l֔c As֣r | La-h֣ih C֗n Lmlcim֙ As֣r Lfn֔ic and Ahr֖ic L֥a Iֽhih-cֽn:
13: 1 And it came to pass, that it came to Labam, that which was in Gibeon, and that it was not with them, but with them, they were not with me, but they were not with me, and they were brought to you by the way of Israel.
14: 1 and Ias֣f Slmh֮ R֣cb and Frsim֒ and ֽihi-l֗o A֤lf and Arba-maot֙ R֔cb and Snim-as֥r A֖lf Frs֑im and Inihm֙ Bar֣i Hr֔cb and Am-hm֖lc Birֽoslֽm:
15: 1 And they brought the king and the king, and the children of Jerusalem, to the city of Jerusalem, as they were the children of Israel, and the land of the ark, and they were as they were, as they were raised up in the wilderness, which was in the hand of the LORD.
16: 1 And Moses, the scepter, was married, and he was born in Egypt, and he was a merchant, and he was a merchant. He took away from you a place where he would take his treasure in the wilderness.
17: 1 And they went up, and brought him out of Egypt, from Merkheh, when he was six hundred years old, and he went to the house of the king, and he was ashamed of them, and he came to them, and to them all, and to them all, and to them, and to them, and to them, and to them, and to them,
18: 1 And he said unto Solomon, Behold, the daughters of the sons of Israel are the children of Israel, because Jehovah is the LORD, and they have come to reign over him.
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (17 verses)‬
1: 2 ויספּר שר ש֜מ֜מ֜ה שְבב֥ע֥ם א֙ל֙ף א֣יׁשׁשׁם א֙ל֙ף א֣שּׁשּׁשׁם אבׁל֙ש֔ם א֔שׁמ֥נ אם א֛לףף א֖שׁיׁין חה ו ויׁשׁי חה א֛לףיׁי אם א֛לףיׁי חם א֛תׁי חי חה א֛לףיׁי חה א֛לףיו בם א֛לףיו בם א֛לףיו בם אללףיו:ם אלם אללףיו:ם אללףיו:ם אלם אללףיו:ם אללףיו:ם אללףיתם אלל֙יו:ם אלל֙יו:ם אלל֙יוּם אלל֙יוּם אלל֙יתם אללתיו:ם אלם אללתב֔ם אלם אלל֖יוּם אללתיו:ם אלם אללתיוּם אללתיוּם אללתיוּם אלם אללתיוּם אללתיוּם אללתיוּם אללֽיוּם אללֽיוּם אללֽיוּם אללתיוּם אללֽיוּם אללֽיוּם אללֽיוּם אלם אללתותם פּ֖לתי:ה פ֖לתת:ת:ה
2: 2 And it came to pass, that they had given up unto the LORD, that they were not circumcised, but as the fire was done, they were with the people of the house of David, so that the fathers of the children of Israel were with him;
3: 2 Hnh֩ An֨i Bֽonh-b֜it Ls֣m | LORD Alh֗i Lhkd֣is L֡o Lhkt֣ir Lfn֣io Ktֽrt-smim֩ and Mar֨ct Tm֤id and Alot֙ Lb֣kr and La֔rb Lsbtot֙ and L֣hds֔im and ֽlmoad֖i LORD Alh֑ino Laol֖m Z֥at Al-israֽl:
4: 2 And the father, which is that I am with you, is a great man; for the children of the children of Israel are great, and they are not with us, all of God.
5: 2 and M֤i Iatzr-c֙h֙ Lbnֽot-l֣o B֔it C֧i Hsm֛im and Sm֥i Hsm֖im L֣a Iclcl֑ho and M֤i Ani֙ As֣r Abnh-l֣o B֔it C֖i Am-lhkt֥ir Lfnֽio:
6: 2 and At֡h Sֽlֽh-l֣i Ais-hc֡m Lasot֩ Bzh֨b and Bc֜sf and Bnh֣st and Bbrz֗l and Bֽargon֙ and Crm֣il and Tc֔lt and Id֖a Lft֣h Ftoh֑im Am-hֽhcm֗im As֤r Ami֙ Bֽihod֣h and Bֽirosl֔m As֥r Hc֖in Do֥id Abֽi:
7: 2 and ֽslֽh-li֩ Atz֨i Arz֜im Bros֣im and Algomim֮ Mֽhlbnon֒ C֚i An֣i Id֔ati As֤r Abd֙ic֙ Iֽoda֔im Lcr֖ot Atz֣i Lbn֑on and Hn֥h Abd֖i Am-abdֽic:
8: 2 And to those who are not worthy, they have made a covenant with the LORD, so that I may return to you, that I will be with you, and that I will be with you, and I will not be afraid.
9: 2 and Hn֣h Lֽhtb֣im | Lֽcrt֣i | Hatz֡im Ntti֩ Ht֨im | Mc֜ot Labd֗ic Crim֙ Asr֣im A֔lf and Sar֕im Cr֖im Asr֣im A֑lf and I֗in Btim֙ Asr֣im A֔lf and S֕mn Bt֖im Asr֥im Aֽlf: P.
10: 2 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not go astray in the house of the house; and it shall come to pass, that it may be in the love of the LORD, that thou mayest go down with it: thou shalt give it unto thee;
11: 2 and Iamr֮ Horm֒ Br֤oc Ihoh֙ Alh֣i Isra֔l As֣r As֔h At-hsm֖im and At-ha֑rtz As֣r Ntn֩ Ldo֨id Hm֜lc B֣n Hc֗m Iod֙a֙ S֣cl and Bin֔h As֤r Ibnh-b֙it֙ Liho֔h and B֖it Lmlcotֽo:
12: 2 And it came to pass, that the man of Hachathai had given me strength, that they would not enter into the land of the west, but they were not fathers.
13: 2 Bn-as֞h Mn-bn֣ot D֗n and Ab֣io Ais-tzr֡i Iod֡a Las֣ot Bzֽhb-o֠bcsf Bnh֨st Bbrz֜l Babn֣im and Batz֗im Bargm֤n Btc֙lt֙ and Bb֣otz and Bcrm֔il and Lft֙h֙ Cl-ft֔oh and Lhs֖b Cl-mhs֑bt As֤r Inֽtn-lo֙ Am-hcm֔ic and ֽhcm֔i Adn֖i Do֥id Abֽic:
14: 2 And when the fool came, and the gate was gone, the man was fat, and the wine was gone, and the woman was gone, and the mother was gone, and Adonai was there, and his wife was ready to work for him.
15: 2 And we, behold, we will give up the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons, as they have done for you, and we will bring them up to you, and they will be trampling on their feet, and they will be filled with them, and they will be lifted up, and they will return to them, and they will be destroyed.
16: 2 and Isf֣r Slm֗h Cl-hans֤im Hgirim֙ Asr֙ Ba֣rtz Isra֔l Ahr֣i Hsf֔r As֥r Sfr֖m Do֣id Ab֑io and Imtza֗o Ma֤h and Hmsim֙ A֔lf and Sl֥st Alf֖im and S֥s Maֽot:
17: 2 And he did what he had done, but he was not satisfied with them, but he went to the house of the king, and he went to the house of the king, and he went to the house of the king, and he returned to him.
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (17 verses)‬
1: 3 and I֣hl Slm֗h Lbn֤ot At-bit-ihoh֙ Bir֣osl֔m Bhr֙ Hm֣ori֔h As֥r Nra֖h Ldo֣id Ab֑iho As֤r Hcin֙ Bmk֣om Do֔id Bg֖rn Arn֥n Hibosֽi:
2: 3 And it came to pass, that the sons of the tribe of Bashan, the second of the Bashanites, were in the year of battle, and went up to the kingdom of his children.
3: 3 And he said unto him, Behold, thou hast destroyed the son of God, because thou hast brought the mother of the LORD to death: for she is not thy mother, but her mother is in the midst of her, and she is afraid of her, and the mother of the children of Israel is afraid of them, and they are not afraid;
4: 3 And behold, it is that which is on the face of the face; for it is your way to the face of the face of the son of the mother, and the mother of the children of Amorah, and the nine of them, and of the nine men, and of the nine, and of the flock,
5: 3 And, behold, the commandment of the Lord, the mighty, the foolish, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the merciful, and the mighty.
6: 3 And he showed the father the son, the son of Yacra, the son of Tafapath, and the Zabah, and Zabah, the son of Pharoah.
7: 3 And he took the father's wife, and brought him to the house of the great men, and the children of Korah, and his daughters, and his daughters, and his daughters, and the children of the tribe of Kohath.
8: 3 and I֙as֙ At-bֽit-k֣ds Hkds֔im Arc֞o Al-fn֤i Rֽhb-hb֙it֙ Am֣ot Asr֔im and Rhb֖o Am֣ot Asr֑im and Ihf֙ho֙ Zh֣b T֔ob Lccr֖im S֥s Maֽot:
9: 3 And the shekel was to be put to shame, and they were not to be weighed, but they were five hundred, and they were burned, and my children were free.
10: 3 And he did that in the midst of the thorns of the sanctuary, and the people of Kedavim, as they had done, did not do anything, but did not do anything to them.
11: 3 and Cnfi֙ Hcrob֔im Arc֖m Am֣ot Asr֑im Cn֨f Hah֜d Lam֣ot Hm֗s Mg֙at֙ Lk֣ir Hb֔it and Hcn֤f Hah֙rt֙ Am֣ot Hm֔s Mg֕ia Lcn֖f Hcr֥ob Hahֽr:
12: 3 And the people of the house, and the people of the tribe, were united, and the mother of the children of Hamam went out to the house of the king, and he brought them to the house, and he gave them bread, and he gave them bread, and he gave them bread, and he gave them bread, and he gave them bread, and he gave them bread.
13: 3 The wings of the cherubim are the thorns, the thorns, the thorns, the thorns, the nine thorns, and they are still standing on their feet, and their faces are white.
14: 3 And when he had made the trumpet, he made a bundle of thorns, and tied them together, and made them go up, and cut them down, and made them go up, and made him like a cherubim.
15: 3 And he did that which was before me, that the people of Amad were born, that they were three hundred, and that they were three hundred, and that they were in your possession, and that the flock was on the top of his head;
16: 3 And the serpents, who were in the house of the fire, were with them, and they were against the fire of the people of Amor: for they were not, and they were the mighty ones, and they were there, and they were in the midst of the wickedness of the trees.
17: 3 And he raised up the children of the Amudites on the face of the face; and he brought them up from the sea, and there was a wall of water, and there was no water, and there was a rain there, and there was no water there, and there was no water, and there was no water in it.
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (22 verses)‬
1: 4 And it came to pass, when Moses was seven hundred years old, that he was twelve, and his mother, his wife, and his family, and his family, and his family, and his family, and his family.
2: 4 And he made the house of the people, and the people of the tribe of Israel, the people of the tribe of the tribe of Israel, unto the tribe of Israel, to the sword of the sword, and to him, to the sword, and to him, to the sword, and to him, to the sword, and to him, to the sword, and to the sea, and to the sea, and to the sea, and to the sea, and to the sea;
3: 4 And the blood of the firstborn of the firstborn was a thousand cubits, and the fruit of the fruit of the fruit of the fruit of the broth, and of the broth, of the broth, of the broth, of the broth, of the broth, of the broth, of the broom, of the broom, of the broom, and of the thorns.
4: 4 Aom֞d Al-sn֧im As֣r Bk֗r Sls֣h Fn֣im | Tzf֡onh and Slosh֩ Fn֨im | I֜mh and Sls֣h | Fn֣im N֗gbh and Slsh֙ Fn֣im Mzr֔hh and Hi֥m Alih֖m Mlm֑alh and Cl-ahrih֖m Bֽith:
5: 4 And my servants, the children of the tribe of Phineh, and his captivity, did as the servants of the tribe of Kohath, so that they were able to return to the land of Samaria, because they were the children of the tribe of Zechariah, the daughter of the tribe of Elph.
6: 4 and I֣as Ciorim֮ Asrh֒ and ֠itn Hms֨h Mim֜in and Hms֤h Msmaol֙ Lrhtz֣h Bh֔m At-mas֥h Haol֖h Id֣iho B֑m and Hi֕m Lrhtz֥h Lchn֖im Bֽo: S.
7: 4 And he made the light of the lamp, and the vessels of the thorn, and the furnace of the fire, as the judge of them, and he gave it to them, and they gave it to them, and they gave bread to the heat of the sea, and they poured it into the sea.
8: 4 And he went up to Shiloh, the tenth day of the tenth month, and he gave him five hundred shekels, and five hundred shekels, and forty shekels, and he did not make any of them.
9: 4 And he went up to the house of Hazzar, the son of Hachnon, and Azarah, to Hagadolah, to Zadalath, to Za'ar, to Zerah, and to Dahlathiah, from Safed, to Zach,
10: 4 And the children were with them, and they were in the midst of the sea, and there was none of them.
11: 4 and I֣as Hor֔m At-h֨sir֔ot and At-hia֖im and At-hmzrk֑ot S. Ic֣l * Hiram ** Hor֗m Lasot֙ At-hmlac֔h As֥r As֛h Lm֥lc Slm֖h Bb֥it Halhֽim:
12: 4 Amod֣im Sn֔im and Hgl֧ot and Hctr֛ot Al-r֥as Hamod֖im St֑im and Hsbc֣ot St֔im Lcs֗ot At-sti֙ Gl֣ot Hcֽtr֔ot As֖r Al-r֥as Hֽamodֽim:
13: 4 and At-hֽrmon֛im Arb֥a Ma֖ot Lst֣i Hsbc֑ot Sn֨im Tor֤im Rmonim֙ Lsbc֣h Hah֔t Lcs֗ot At-sti֙ Gl֣ot Hcֽtr֔ot As֖r Al-fn֥i Hamodֽim:
14: 4 And he did the work of the priests, and the priest of the women of Israel did what she had done to them.
15: 4 And he brought them together again, and the threshing floor was two years old, and the thorns were broken.
16: 4 And the ablutions, and the waters, and the waters of the waters, and all their vessels, which they did, and which they had made, were not their own, because they came to you, to the house of Yahweh, Noah, and the land of Merom.
17: 4 In the midst of the Jordan, shall the people of the land be brought to you, that they may go in the land of the land, and they shall be there, and there shall be no sackcloth, and they shall not be thirsty;
18: 4 And he did all that he had done: all the things which he had given him, he gave them to the LORD, and he gave them to them, so that he could not be burned, so that he could not bring them to the land.
19: 4 And it came to pass, that all things were done, that all things were done, that the LORD had given up the fire, and that he had given up the grain of the corn, and the wheat, and the spoil, and they brought it up to them, the bread of the oven.
20: 4 And the lamps shall be lifted, and they shall be lifted up, and they shall be lifted up, and they shall be turned away from the fire, and the light shall shine before the light.
21: 4 And the light and the light went down, and they took the bread, and the bread was gone, and all the plants were filled with bread.
22: 4 and Hֽmzmr֧ot and Hmzrk֛ot and Hcf֥ot and Hmht֖ot Zh֣b Sg֑or and F֣th H֠bit Dltot֨io Hfnimi֜ot Lk֣ds Hkds֗im and Dlt֥i Hb֛it Lhic֖l Zhֽb:
‪xxxx  Chapter 5   (14 verses)‬
1: 5 and Tslm֙ Cl-hmlac֔h Asr-as֥h Slm֖h Lb֣it Iho֑h S. Ib֨a Slm֜h At-kds֣i | Do֣id Ab֗io and At-hc֤sf and At-hzhb֙ and At-cl-hcl֔im Nt֕n Batzr֖ot B֥it Halhֽim: P.
2: 5 Az֩ Ikh֨il Slm֜h At-zkn֣i Isra֗l and At-cl-ras֨i Hmt֜ot Nsia֧i Hab֛ot Lbn֥i Isra֖l Al-irosl֑m Lֽhal֞ot At-ar֧on Brit-iho֛h Ma֥ir Do֖id H֥ia Tziֽon:
3: 5 And all the men came to him, and all the men of Israel went to the house of Haggath, and they were not the seven of the seven.
4: 5 And they came to him, as they were, so that the children of Israel rose up, and brought them up, and they brought them to the land.
5: 5 And he lifted up the ark, and the people, and not all the people, and all the people, the thorns, and the men, and the people of the land;
6: 5 And it is your right hand, and all the generations of the children of Israel, that are against the people, that they have turned against him, and that they have turned away from him, and they have turned away from him, so that they may return to the land of Israel, and they will not return to the land of Zion. And they will be victorious, and the people will be victorious, and the people of Israel will return to their land, and they will not be destroyed.
7: 5 And the sons of the priests brought him up to the house of Yahweh, and he returned to the place of his presence, to the heart of the LORD, and brought them to the sanctuary of the sanctuary, and they returned to the house of the Canaanites.
8: 5 And it came to pass, that the cherubim were scattered about, as they were in the midst of the sea, and they were still in the midst of the mountains, and they covered up the land of the cherubim, over the land of the mountains, and upon the house of their children, out of their midst.
9: 5 And he brought him to the house of the children, and they saw it, and the chiefs of the people were afraid of him, because of the ark of the LORD, the face of the children, the light of the fire, and the light of the fire, and not of the fire, nor of the fire, nor of the heat, nor of the heat, nor of the heat, nor of the heat, nor of the heat, nor of the heat.
10: 5 I am not in the midst of the Lord, but the Lord of the worlds is the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the wife of Moses, the wife of Moses, the son of Abraham, the wife of Abraham, the son of Abraham,
11: 5 And behold, in the midst of the children, the priests, from all the nations, that all the sons of the sons of Israel were destroyed, and that they were not saved, that they were not sanctified;
12: 5 and Hloi֣m Hmsrr֣im Lcl֡m Las֡f Lhim֣n Lֽ֠idton and Lbnih֨m and Lahih֜m Mlbs֣im B֗otz Bmtzlt֙im֙ and Bnbl֣im and Cnr֔ot Amd֖im Mzr֣h Lmzb֑h and Amh֤m Cֽhnim֙ Lma֣h and Asr֔im * Mhtzrrim ** Mhtzr֖im Bhtzֽtzrֽot:
13: 5 and Ih֣i C֠ahd * trumpeters ** Lmhtzr֨im and Lmsֽrr֜im Lhsm֣ia Kol-ah֗d Lhl֣l and Lhdot֮ Lihoh֒ and Chr֣im K֠ol Bhtztzr֨ot and Bmtzlt֜im and Bcl֣i Hs֗ir and Bhl֤l Lihoh֙ C֣i T֔ob C֥i Laol֖m Hsd֑o and Hb֛it Ml֥a An֖n B֥it Ihoֽh:
14: 5 And they were not numbered of all the men, so that the people of Israel went down to the house of the LORD, so that they returned from the face of the land, so that the people of Israel were with them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 6   (42 verses)‬
1: 6 But Abraham, the son of Solomon, said unto him, O LORD, O LORD, let us not dwell in the land of Israel.
2: 6 And behold, I am the son of Zebo, the son of Zebu, and the son of Zabo, the son of Zabo;
3: 6 ויסוּב הַב ה֙מ֙ל֙לתתפפ֔נ֔יו ובב֕ר֕ך אא֖ה֖ה֖ל֖ה כל כה ל֕ל֖֖ל֖ה֖ה כל כה ל֕ל֖֖ל֖ה כל יה ל֕ל֖֖ל אה֑ל יה ו ול-ק-קל-קה֣ל יל יל יל יל יל יל יל יל יל יל יל יל יל יל יל יל יל יל יל יל יל יל יל יל יל יל י יל יל י יל י יל י יל י י י֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖ ֽ֖֖ עו עו ֽ::::֖֖֖֖ ֽ:::.
4: 6 And the word of the LORD said unto thee, Lord, bless thee, O God, I pray thee, O Israel, for I have not given up thy word, but in the mouth of the LORD, I am the son of the LORD;
5: 6 Mn-hi֗om As֨r Hotz֣ati At-ami֮ Ma֣rtz Mtzrim֒ La-bh֣rtֽi Ba֗ir Mcl֙ Sbt֣i Isra֔l Lbn֣ot B֔it Lhi֥ot Sm֖i S֑m and La-bh֣rtֽi Ba֔is Lhi֥ot Ng֖id Al-am֥i Israֽl:
6: 6 And the people of Biar, Saul, and Shapiro, were not there; they were the women of Shemoth, but their name was, and they were in the house of David, because they were not against the people of Israel, but the people of Israel were destroyed.
7: 6 And they were with the children of David, because of the father, they were not sons; they were born in the presence of their children, and the LORD was the God of Israel, and the LORD was the one who gave birth to them.
6: 6 And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 'Come, my God, I am with you, I am with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.'
9: 6 Behold, thou shalt not be satisfied; thou shalt not understand; thou shalt surely bring forth the children of the children of the children of Israel.
10: 6 And I֣km Iho֔h At-dbr֖o As֣r Db֑r and Ak֡om Tht֩ Do֨id Ab֜i and As֣b | Al-cs֣a Isra֗l Casr֙ Db֣r Iho֔h and Abn֣h Hb֔it Ls֥m Iho֖h Alh֥i Israֽl:
11: 6 And it was there that the people of Hathaway were married, because they were not in the house of Jehovah, but the LORD was the wife of Asher, and the people of Israel were with the children of Israel.
12: 6 And Moses went up before the house of Zebab, the LORD of hosts, and all the children of Israel, all of them, and the people of Israel;
13: 6 Cֽi-as֨h Slm֜h Ci֣or Nh֗st and ֽitnho֮ Bt֣oc Hazrh֒ Hm֨s Am֜ot Arc֗o and Hm֤s Amot֙ Rhb֔o and Am֥ot Sl֖os Komt֑o and Iam֣d Al֗io and Ibr֤c Al-brcio֙ N֚gd Cl-kh֣l Isra֔l and Ifr֥s Cf֖io Hsmֽimh:
14: 6 And the LORD said unto him, O LORD, O God, I pray thee, O Israel, I am not in thy name, but thy God is in heaven; and it came to pass in the land of the LORD, that is, thy servant, thy servants;
15: 6 As for the name of thy name, I am thy servant, the servant of David, the father of the father, the servant of Abraham, and of the LORD, of the LORD, and of thy hand, and of thy hand, and of thy hands,
16: 6 And the LORD At֞h | Alh֣i Isra֗l S֠mr Labdc֨ [c] Do֤id Abi֙ At֩ As֨r Db֤rt Lo֙ Lam֔r La-icr֨t Lc֥ Ais֙ Mlfn֔i Ios֖b Al-cs֣a Isra֑l R֠k Am-ismr֨o Bn֜ic At-drc֗m Ll֙ct֙ Bt֣ort֔i Cas֥r Hl֖ct Lfnֽi:
17: 6 And behold, the LORD, O God, is the God of Israel, the LORD of Israel, the Lord of the Faithful, the Lord of Your Lord, the Lord of Your Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of Your Lord, the Lord of Your Lord.
18: 6 When the men of the nation came to sleep, God turned to God, and they brought the people to death, because they were against us, and they were in the name of the people, for they were there, and they were put to death, because they were not there. And this is not so much for you, but because of this, this is my father's wife, because this is my son.
19: 6 And you shall turn to your servant, your servant, and you shall not marry him, for the LORD is his God, and he shall not go down to the land, nor to the hilltop, but as thy servant shall be, he shall not turn away before your face.
20: 6 Lhiot֩ Ain֨ic Fth֜ot Al-hb֤it Hzh֙ Iom֣m and L֔ilh Al-h֨mk֔om As֣r Am֔rt Ls֥om Smc֖ S֑m Lsm֙oa֙ Al-htfl֔h As֣r Itfl֣l Abdc֔ Al-hmk֖om Hzֽh:
21: 6 And S֨mat֜ Al-thnon֤i Abdc֙ and Amc֣ Isra֔l As֥r Iֽtfֽll֖o Al-hmk֣om Hz֑h and ֠ath Tsm֞a Mmk֤om Sbtc֙ Mn-hsm֔im and Smat֖ and Slֽht:
22: 6 But if he hath sinned, the man shall not be afraid of his wickedness, and he shall be punished, if he is not, he shall return to him, and he shall return to him, and he shall return to him, and he shall return to you. And this is your father's presence.
23: 6 And thou shalt give up the charge of the heaven, and do the work of the law, and judge the servant of thy servant, that he may return to his head, and bring him to the house of the LORD, and he shall return to the land of his house, and he shall bring him to the land of the LORD, and he shall go down to the land of Zik, and Zadik,
24: 6 And ֽam-ing֞f Amc֧ Isra֛l Lfn֥i Aoi֖b C֣i Iֽhtao-l֑c and S֙bo֙ and Hod֣o At-sm֔c and Htfֽll֧o and Hֽthnn֛o Lfn֖ic Bb֥it Hzֽh:
25: 6 And thou shalt not be filled with guilt; and thou shalt bring unto death thy wrath, and thy people, and they shall be filled, and their captives shall not go down to the earth, but they shall be given to their fathers, and their fathers to them.
26: 6 In the midst of the wilderness, there is no rain, and there is no rain; for it is not a rainforest, but it is a rainforest, and it is not a rainforest, but it is a rainforest, and it is not in the heat of the earth.
27: 6 And At֣h | Tsm֣a Hsm֗im and S֨lht֜ Lht֤at Abd֙ic֙ and Amc֣ Isra֔l C֥i Tor֛m Al-hd֥rc Htob֖h As֣r Iֽlco-b֑h and Ntt֤h Mtr֙ Aֽl-artzc֔ Asr-nt֥th Lamc֖ Lnhlֽh: S.
28: 6 Ra֞b Cֽi-ihi֣h Ba֗rtz D֣br Cֽi-iֽ֠hih Sdf֨on and Irk֜on Arb֤h and Hsil֙ C֣i Ihi֔h C֧i Iֽtzr-l֛o Aoib֖io Ba֣rtz Sar֑io Cl-n֖ga and Cֽl-mhlֽh:
29: 6 Cl-tfl֣h Cl-thn֗h As֤r Ihih֙ Lcl-h֣ad֔m and Lc֖l Amc֣ Isra֑l As֣r Ida֗o A֤is Ngao֙ and Mcab֔o and Fr֥s Cf֖io Al-hb֥it Hzֽh:
30: 6 And ֠ath Tsm֨a Mn-hsm֜im Mc֤on Sbt֙c֙ and S֣lht֔ and Ntt֤h Lais֙ Ccl-drc֔io As֥r Td֖a At-lbb֑o C֤i Ath֙ Lbdc֣ Id֔at At-lb֖b Bn֥i Hadֽm:
31: 6 For the sake of the Lord, I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
32: 6 And G֣m Al-hncr֗i A֠sr L֥a Mamc֣ Isral֮ Hoa֒ and B֣a | Ma֣rtz Rhok֗h Lm֨an Smc֤ Hgdol֙ and Idc֣ Hhzk֔h and ֽzrֽoac֖ Hntoi֑h and B֥ao and Hֽtfll֖o Al-hb֥it Hzֽh:
33: 6 And At֞h Tsm֤a Mn-hsm֙im֙ Mmc֣on Sbt֔c and As֕it Cc֛l Asr-ikr֥a Al֖ic Hncr֑i Lm֣an Idao֩ Cl-am֨i Ha֜rtz At-sm֗c and Lira֤h Aֽtc֙ Camc֣ Isra֔l and Ld֕at Cֽi-smc֣ Nkr֔a Al-hb֥it Hz֖h As֥r Bnֽiti:
34: 6 Cֽi-itz֨a Amc֤ Lmlhmh֙ Al-a֣oib֔io Bd֖rc As֣r Tslh֑m and Htfֽll֣o Al֗ic D֣rc Ha֤ir Hzat֙ As֣r Bh֣rt B֔h and Hb֖it Asr-bn֥iti Lsmֽc:
35: 6 And when they heard the name of the people, they took up their prayer, and their commandment, and did it, and did their judgments with them.
36: 6 For they were ashamed of thee, because they were not men, but they were not men, but they did not commit adultery, nor did they repent in their own time, and they gave themselves to them, and they returned to them, and returned, and returned, and returned to them, but to the land of the land,
37: 6 And his heart was like unto his heart, but they were not in the land, but as they were captivated, they were turned away, and they were turned away: and they came to me, and they came to you in the land of the captives, and they were not in the land of Hath, but they were our enemies, and our inheritance was ours.
38: 6 And S֣bo Al֗ic Bcl-lbm֙ and Bcl-nfs֔m Ba֥rtz Sbi֖m Asr-sb֣o At֑m and Hֽtfֽll֗o D֤rc Artzm֙ As֣r Nt֣th Labot֔m and Hair֙ As֣r Bh֔rt and Lb֖it Asr-bn֥iti Lsmֽc:
39: 6 And I heard the voice of you from the midst of your captivity, that you took up their prayer, and the commandment of their courts, and they did their judgments, and they forgave you for your people, but I did not go down.
40: 6 When the LORD came to me, he said, "Yes, there is no god but you." "Your eyes are not on you, but you are not in your hands, and your ears are full, and you are not afraid to pray." This is the meaning of the verse.
41: 6 And behold, the voice of the Lord is upon you, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD.
42: 6 Yahweh, O God, is not God, but thou shalt not be ashamed of me, because thou shalt not be ashamed of thee: remember thee, that thou mayest be saints;
‪xxxx  Chapter 7   (22 verses)‬
1: 7 And all the vessels of the earth were filled with water, and the trees were filled with water, and there was no water, and there was no food, but the food was great, and the sacrifice was not, and the heart of the LORD was afraid, and the LORD had given birth to the hostess.
2: 7 And it came to pass, that they were consumed, and that the king had given it to him; but the son of David came to him, saying, O LORD, be with me, so that I may be worthy of the glory of the LORD, and I will bring you to the house of Yahweh.
3: 7 and C֣l | Bn֣i Isra֗l Raim֙ Br֣dt Ha֔s and Cb֥od Iho֖h Al-hb֑it and Icrao֩ Af֨im A֤rtzh Al-hrֽtzfh֙ and Iֽstֽho֔o and Hod֤ot Lihoh֙ C֣i T֔ob C֥i Laol֖m Hsdֽo:
4: 7 And all your children, and all the men, sacrificed, and sacrificed;
5: 7 and Izb֞h Hm֣lc Slmh֮ At-z֣bh Hbk֗r Asr֤im and Sn֙im֙ A֔lf and Tz֕an Ma֥h and Asr֖im A֑lf and ֽihnco֙ At-b֣it Hֽalh֔im Hm֖lc and Cl-haֽm:
6: 7 and Hchn֞im Al-msmrot֣m Amd֗im and Hloi֞m Bcli-s֤ir Ihoh֙ As֨r As֜h Do֣id Hm֗lc Lhd֤ot Lihoh֙ Cֽi-laol֣m Hsd֔o Bhl֥l Do֖id Bid֑m and Hchnim֙ * ** Mhtzr֣im Ngd֔m trumpeters and Cl-isra֖l Amdֽim: S.
7: 7 and Ikd֣s Slm֗h At-t֤oc Hֽhtzr֙ Asr֙ Lfn֣i Bit-iho֔h Cֽi-a֤sh Sm֙ Hֽal֔ot and A֖t Hlb֣i Hslm֑im Cֽi-mzb֤h Hnh֙st֙ As֣r As֣h Slm֔h L֣a Ic֗ol Lhc֛il At-hal֥h and At-hmnh֖h and At-hhlbֽim:
8: 7 And he did that which he had done; the feast was seven days, and all the people of Israel were with him.
9: 7 And the people of the tribe of Israel, the children of the Levites, were in charge of the land of Israel, so that the people of Zebab, who were in the land of Sheba, were seven hundred years old, and the seventh day was seven days.
10: 7 and Bi֨om Asr֤im and Slsh֙ Lh֣ds Hsbia֔i Sl֥h At-ha֖m Lahlih֑m Smhim֙ and T֣obi L֔b Al-htob֗h As֨r As֤h Ihoh֙ Ldo֣id and Lslm֔h and Lisra֖l Amֽo:
11: 7 And the king, the son of the LORD, came to him, and the daughter of the daughter of the king, and all the women of the house, to the house of the LORD, and to him, and to the house of the LORD,
12: 7 And he saw the LORD, and said unto him, 'Behold, I have gone astray, and I will say to him,' I will not let you go, and I will bring your prayer to you, and I will bring you to my house, and I will bring it to you. '
13: 7 Behold, there is no god but God; for there is no god but God; for he is not a man; but he is a man; he is the son of the king, and he is the king of the land.
14: 7 and Icna֨o Am֜i As֧r Nֽkra-sm֣i Alih֗m and Iֽtfֽllo֙ and ֽibks֣o Fn֔i and Is֖bo Mdrcih֣m Hra֑im and Ani֙ Asm֣a Mn-hsm֔im and Aslh֙ Lhtat֔m and Arf֖a At-artzֽm:
15: 7 The eyes of my eyes shall be upon me: behold, I will not let you go, and I will be with you, and I will be able to pray for you.
16: 7 And when I saw her in my house, I took it, and brought it to me, and brought it to the house of their name, to the people of their name, until their eyes were filled with them; and their eyes became their eyes, and their hearts became hot, because all their things were hot.
17: 7 And thou shalt surely go out before me: as as the LORD hath gone away, the LORD thy God, and thy father, and thy wife, and thy wife, and thy wife, and thy servants;
18: 7 And you shall be ashamed of me, and I will be with you, and I will bring you to the house of the LORD, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
19: 7 and Am-tsob֣on At֔m and Azbtm֙ Hkot֣i and Mtzoֺt֔i As֥r Nt֖ti Lfnic֑m and Hlct֗m and Abdtm֙ Alh֣im Ahr֔im and Hsthoit֖m Lhֽm:
20: 7 and Ntst֗im Ma֤l Admti֙ As֣r Nt֣ti Lh֔m and At-hb֤it Hzh֙ As֣r Hkd֣sti Lsm֔i Asl֖ic Ma֣l Fn֑i and Atn֛no Lms֥l and Lsnin֖h Bcl-hamֽim:
21: 7 And the father gave him this thing, and he gave it to him: he was the son of Eli, the son of Allon, for all the people of the tribe of Israel, their inheritance was for them, and the people of Amor were in the midst of it, doing as the LORD commanded them, and this is the way of the land of this land, and this is the heart of this land.
22: 7 and Amr֗o Al֩ As֨r Aֽzb֜o At-iho֣h | Alh֣i Abtih֗m As֣r Hotziam֮ Ma֣rtz Mtzrim֒ and ֽihz֙iko֙ Balh֣im Ahr֔im and Istho֥o Lh֖m and Iֽabd֑om Al-cn֙ Hb֣ia Alih֔m A֥t Cl-hra֖h Hzֽat: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 8   (18 verses)‬
1: 8 And there was a house of men, nine men, and a woman, a woman, and a son, a son, and a son, and a daughter of his daughter.
2: 8 And the cities were ashes, and they were not in the heat of the sun, but they were full of them, because they were born to them, and they were with them, and they that were with them kept their sons alive, so that they might be saved.
3: 8 And thy peace went forth: behold, it was hot, and it came to him, and he gave it to him, and he overcame it.
4: 8 And he built the tabernacle in the wilderness, and made all the cities of the mountains, and the mountains of the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, and the mountains.
5: 8 And the son of Beth-son of Aaron, the son of Hiron, the son of the son of Hatham, and the daughter of Hathor, of Hathor, of Hatham, of Hatham, of Hatham, of Mido, of Hamor, of Hamam, of Dilath, and of Beriah;
6: 8 and Aֽt-bal֗t and A֨t Cl-ar֤i Hֽmscnot֙ As֣r Hi֣o Lslm֔h and At֙ Cl-ar֣i Hr֔cb and A֖t Ar֣i Hfrs֑im and A֣t | Cl-h֣sk Slm֗h As֤r Hsk֙ Lbn֤ot Birֽosl֙m֙ and Blbn֔on and Bc֖l A֥rtz Mmsltֽo:
7: 8 All the men of the people died of the covenant, and the Amorites, and the Pharisees, and the Levites, and the Hobbesites. As for the people of Israel, they were not afraid.
8: 8 Of their sons are they, that is, they are more worthy than their brethren, but in the land of Israel, there is no god but all the children of Israel, and the people of Israel are full of them, and they have gone up to them, and they have not been destroyed, yet they have not yet been destroyed.
9: 8 And my sons, the children of Israel, were born; they were not servants; but they were not working for them; they were not able to give him food; for he was afraid of them.
10: 8 And these are the officers of the captains: they are the men of the tribe of Israel, who have taken possession of you for fifty days, and have not yet come.
11: 8 and At-bt-fra֗h Hal֤h Slmh֙ Ma֣ir Do֔id Lb֖it As֣r Bֽnh-l֑h C֣i Am֗r La-ts֨b As֥h Li֙ Bbit֙ Do֣id Mֽlc-isra֔l Ci-k֣ds H֔mh Asr-bֽa֥h Alih֖m Ar֥on Ihoֽh: P.
12: 8 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt go up to the house of the LORD, and he shall be with him; for he is not afraid of the LORD, but the LORD is the son of Abraham, the son of Aaron, the son of Leah.
13: 8 and Bdbr-i֣om Bi֗om Lhalot֙ Cmtzo֣t Ms֔h Lsbtot֙ and L֣hds֔im and Lm֣oad֔ot Sl֥os Fam֖im Bsn֑h Bh֧g Hmtz֛ot and Bh֥g Hsba֖ot and Bh֥g Hscֽot:
14: 8 and Iam֣d Cmsf֣t Dֽoid-a֠bio At-mhlk֨ot Hchn֜im Al-abdt֗m and Hloi֣m Al-m֠smrotm Lhl֨l and Lsr֜t N֤gd Hcֽhnim֙ Ldbr-i֣om Biom֔o and Hsoar֥im Bmhlkot֖m Ls֣ar and S֑ar C֣i C֔n Mtzo֖t Do֥id Ais-halhֽim:
15: 8 And they were not satisfied, but the commandment of the king was on you, and they gave them to all things, and to the people of the land.
16: 8 And all the children of the tribe of Solomon were numbered of them, until they were destroyed, and the house of Yahweh was destroyed, and all the rest of them were destroyed, because they were not in the house of Jehovah.
17: 8 Then said unto him, Thou hast done it unto the children of the children of Gibeon, and unto Elad, and to the tribe of Shaphat, for they are in the land of the LORD.
18: 8 and Iֽslֽh-lo֩ Hor֨m Bid-abd֜io * ** Ani֗ot ships and Abdim֮ I֣odai Im֒ and Ib֜ao Am-abd֤i Slmh֙ Aof֔irh and Ikh֣o Ms֔m Arba-ma֥ot and Hms֖im Cc֣r Zh֑b and Ib֖iao Al-hm֥lc Slmֽh: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 9   (31 verses)‬
1: 9 and Mֽlct-sb֗a Sֽmah֮ At-s֣ma Slmh֒ and Tb֣oa Lnsot֩ At-slm֨h Bhid֜ot Birֽosl֗m Bh֣il Cb֣d Ma֡d and ֠gmlim Nsa֨im Bsm֧im and Zh֛b Lr֖b and A֣bn Ikr֑h and Tboa֙ Al-slm֔h and Tdb֣r Am֔o A֛t Cl-as֥r Hi֖h Am-lbbֽh:
2: 9 And Haggadah lauded Solomon for all her words: and they did not go away, but they spoke, saying, As for her, she is not a man;
3: 9 And he saw the greatness of the house of the captivity, and he returned to the house of the wise man, so that he returned to him, and the father gave birth to her.
4: 9 Mac֣l Slhn֡o and Mos֣b Abdio֩ and Mam֨d Msrt֜io and Mlbֽosih֗m and Mskio֙ and Mlb֣osih֔m and Alit֔o As֥r Ial֖h B֣it Iho֑h and La-h֥ih A֛od B֖h Rֽoh:
5: 9 And thou shalt say unto me, Thou shalt go forth unto thee, that thou mayest be the Lord, that I may dwell in the land of thy name, and I will not lift thee up in thy land, but upon thy word, and upon thy wisdom;
6: 9 and Lֽa-ham֣nti Ldbrih֗m A֤d Asr-b֙ati֙ and Tra֣inh Ain֔i and Hnh֙ L֣a Hgd-l֔i Htz֖i Mrb֣it Hcmt֑c Is֕ft Al-hsmoa֖h As֥r Smֽati:
7: 9 Behold, I am thy men, and thy servants are thy servants: but I am with thee, they are standing before thee, before thee, thou shalt be astonished, and hear thy wisdom, and thy wisdom.
8: 9 Ih֨i Iho֤h Alh֙ic֙ Br֔oc As֣r | Hf֣tz Bc֗ Lttc֤ Al-csao֙ Lm֔lc Liho֖h Alh֑ic Bahb֨t Alh֤ic At-isral֙ Lhamid֣o Laol֔m and Itnc֤ Alihm֙ Lm֔lc Las֖ot Msf֥t and Tzdkֽh:
9: 9 and Tt֨n Lm֜lc Ma֥h and Asr֣im | Cc֣r Zh֗b and Bsm֛im Lr֥b Ma֖d and A֣bn Ikr֑h and L֤a Hih֙ Cb֣sm Hh֔oa Asr-ntn֥h Mֽlct-sb֖a Lm֥lc Slmֽh:
10: 9 And the servants of the sons of Hiraam, the sons of Herod, worshiped him, and the servants of the people of Israel, who were in the house of the LORD, and of the children of Israel;
11: 9 and I֣as H֠mlc At-atz֨i Hֽalgom֜im Msl֤ot Lbit-ihoh֙ and Lb֣it Hm֔lc and Cnr֥ot and Nbl֖im Lsr֑im and La-nra֥o Ch֛m Lfn֖im Ba֥rtz Ihodֽh:
12: 9 and Hm֨lc Slm֜h Nt֣n Lmֽlct-sb֗a At-cl-hftzh֙ As֣r Sa֔lh Mlb֖d Asr-hb֣iah Al-hm֑lc and ֽthf֛c and T֥lc Lartz֖h H֥ia and Abdֽih: P.
13: 9 And there was this shekel, that is, that which was given to him, that it was in her name, that she had married another wife, that he had lost his wife, and that he had become ashamed, and that he had become ashamed;
14: 9 To the people of Manasseh, the people of the mountains, and the messengers, they brought forth all the kings of the kingdom, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the land of the land of the land, and the land of the land, and the land of the land.
15: 9 And it came to pass, that it was your inheritance, that it was not from thee, but it was a burning rain, and it was a rainbow, and there was a rainbow in it, and there was no rain, and there was no rain, and there was no rain.
16: 9 And three hundred and twenty seven were numbered; and they were seven hundred; and they were three hundred; and they were seven hundred; and they were seven hundred; and they were three hundred; and these were the children, and they were not in their midst; they were in the midst of the children.
17: 9 And he did that which was in your hands, so that he went up to the ground, and was watching him.
18: 9 And he made up his mind, and went to the house of the king, and covered the house of the house of the LORD, and the land of the land, and the land of the land, and the land of the land, and the land of the land, and the land of the land, and the land of the land.
19: 9 And the two men did as they did, saying, Arroyo, they are standing before them, that they are not in the house of the six hundred, but that they shall be filled with bread, and they shall not be filled with food. And it shall not be given to them, nor shall they be made to eat.
20: 9 And all things shall be done, whether it be a shekel, or a possession, for it is a hundred thousand, and it shall be as a whole, and it shall be given to the children of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the tribe of Zechariah, and the children of the tribe of Zechariah, and of the tribe of Nehemiah, of the tribe of Nehemiah, of Babylon, to Jerusalem, to Jerusalem;
21: 9 Cֽi-ani֤ot Lm֙lc֙ Hlc֣ot Trs֔is A֖m Abd֣i Hor֑m Aht֩ Lsl֨os Sn֜im Tb֣oanh | Ani֣ot Trs֗is Nֽsaot֙ Zh֣b and C֔sf Snhb֥im and Kof֖im and Tociֽim: P.
22: 9 And the greatness of the hand is upon you, and it is not with thee, but from the angel of the earth, to the thorn, and to the wisdom thereof.
23: 9 And all the men of Malchach, the land of Persia, cursed the face of it, that it was full of it, that he had taken away his wisdom, and that he had given him the favor of God, because he was not in his heart.
24: 9 And they shall not bring him forth, but there is a man of his flock, all of them, all of them, as a sword, and they are all, and they are full of gold, and they are full of gold, and they have been made, and they have been made for themselves, and they have been put to death for ever.
25: 9 and Ih֨i Lslm֜h Arbat֩ Alf֨im Aֽri֤ot Sosim֙ and Mrcb֔ot and Snim-as֥r A֖lf Frs֑im and Inihm֙ Bar֣i Hr֔cb and Am-hm֖lc Biroslֽm:
26: 9 And Moses was in the midst of all the kingdoms, from the river: and he went down to the land of Pharisees, and to Gad, and to Galilee, from Nazareth.
27: 9 And they brought the men who had taken the sword in Jerushalayim, as they were the sons of the children, and the ark of the ark, they were as they were, as they were raised up, which was in the hand of the LORD,
28: 9 And Moses and the Syrians were gathered together from Mizrayam, to destroy it, and to destroy all the land.
29: 9 and Sar֙ Dbr֣i Slm֔h Hrasn֖im and Hahron֑im Hla-h֣m Ctob֗im Al-dbri֙ Nt֣n Hnb֔ia and Al-nboa֞t Ahi֣h Hsֽilon֗i and Bhzot֙ * ** Iad֣o Hhz֔h goals Al-irba֖m Bn-nbֽt:
30: 9 And the LORD said unto her, Thou shalt not reprove them against all the men of Israel, but the four hundred are her;
31: 9 And he dwelt in peace with his father, and his people, and they gathered him together, in the midst of the fire of David, because of his father, and his father, and his family, and his sons;
‪xxxx  Chapter 10   (19 verses)‬
1:10 And he went to Rehoboam, because they had been drunk, because they were not in the house, but all the men of Israel were in a state of trouble, and they were full of you.
2: 10 And it came to pass, when the tribe of Abbaath was up to them, the son of Naboth, and behold, it was in Egypt: as it was, he saw it, and it came out from me, and it came to pass, and the LORD returned to you, and the LORD returned to Israel, and they returned from Egypt.
3:10 And they sent him, and they called him, and they came, and brought them to the land, and all the children of Israel went astray, and David spoke to them, saying unto them, Reuben,
4: 10 I am your father, the captain of the tribe of Aulah, and you are the servant of the servant, the servant of the servant, the servant of your father, the captain of the tribe, and of his servant, the captain of the tribe, who is the wife of you, so that we may go up to you, and we will serve your servant.
5: 10 And he said unto them, O people of valor, that there were six men, and that they turned away unto him, and he went into the midst of them.
6: 10 Ioa֞tz Hm֣lc Rhba֗m At-hzknim֙ Asr-hi֣o Aֽmd֗im Lfni֙ Slm֣h Ab֔io Bֽhit֥o H֖i Lam֑r A֚ic At֣m Nֽoatz֔im Lhs֥ib Lֽam-hz֖h Dbֽr:
7: 10 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be glorified, but thou shalt be a witness: behold, thou shalt not be afraid; for this is the law, and thou hast commanded them, and thou hast spoken unto them, saying, saying, Thou shalt not be good, and come, and be thy servants unto thee: for they are servants: they are all the nations.
8: 10 And Boaz took away the young men, the young ones, whom the children of Israel had taken captive; and he made the children go astray, and as the children of Gad grew up, they saw him, and his people were still standing before him.
9: 10 And he said unto them, Behold, they are the children of the children, and they are the children of the LORD, and they are the children of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel.
10: 10 Idbr֣o At֗o Hildim֙ As֨r Gdl֣o Ato֮ Lamr֒ Cֽh-tam֡r Lam֩ Asr-dbr֨o Al֜ic Lam֗r Ab֙ic֙ Hcb֣id At-al֔no and At֖h Hk֣l Mal֑ino C֚h Tam֣r Alh֔m Kֽtn֥i Ab֖h Mmtn֥i Abֽi:
11: 10 And when my father came, I will not lift up your people, but I will go down with you, and I will kill you, and I will kill you, and I will kill you, and I will bring you to the land of Israel, and I will bring you to the land of Israel, and I will bring you into the land of Israel.
12: 10 And the LORD brought them forth, and all the people of the land, unto them, were they that were in the thirtieth day, when as the LORD had given birth to the king, and he went down to the house of Amor, whose name was unto them, that they were not, and they were three hundred years old.
13: 10 And they will be ashamed of you, and I will go down to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
14: 10 And the sons of the children, the children of the children, said to them, Amen, I am afraid of you, and I will not lift up your anger, but I will not lift up you, but I will not lift you up, but I will bring you to the land of Israel, and I will bring you to the land of Israel.
15: 10 Lֽa-sm֥a Hm֖lc Al-ha֑m Cֽi-hit֤h Nsbh֙ Ma֣m Hֽalh֔im Lman֩ Hk֨im Iho֜h At-dbr֗o As֤r Dbr֙ Bid֙ Ahi֣ho Hsֽlon֔i Al-irba֖m Bn-nbֽt:
16: 10 Cl-isra֗l C֠i La-sm֣a Hmlc֮ Lhm֒ and Is֣ibo Ha֣m At-hm֣lc | Lam֡r Mh-lno֩ H֨lk Bdo֜id and Lֽa-nhl֣h Bbn-is֗i A֤is Lahl֙ic֙ Isra֔l At֕h Ra֥h Bitc֖ Do֑id and I֥lc Cl-isra֖l Lahlֽio: S.
17: 10 And the sons of Israel, the children of Israel, returned to the land, and returned to the land of Israel, Yahweh, the LORD, and the LORD returned to you, and they returned to Rehoboam.
18: 10 Isl֞h Hm֣lc Rhba֗m At-hdrm֙ As֣r Al-hm֔s and Irgmo-b֧o Bnֽi-isra֛l A֖bn and Im֑t and Hm֣lc Rhba֗m Htamtz֙ Lֽal֣ot Bmrcb֔h Ln֖os Iroslֽm: S.
19: 10 And Israel went up to him, in the midst of the house of David;
‪xxxx  Chapter 11   (23 verses)‬
1: 11 and Ib֣a Rhbam֮ Iroslm֒ and Ikhl֩ At-b֨it Ihod֜h and Bnim֗n Ma֨h and Smon֥im A֛lf Bh֖or As֣h Mlhm֑h Lhlhm֙ Am-isra֔l Lhs֥ib At-hmmlc֖h Lrhbaֽm: P.
2: 11 And the word of the LORD came to me, saying, 'Do not let the people of God die for him.' "" The man of God is not a believer. "
3:11 Amor the son of Rahba, the son of Solomon, who is the king of Judah, and all the children of Israel, and the sons of Judah, and the children of Israel, Lamar.
4: 11 C֣h Am֣r Iho֡h La-talo֩ and La-tl֨hm֜o Am-ahic֗m S֚obo A֣is Lbit֔o C֧i Mֽat֛i Nhi֖h Hdb֣r Hz֑h and ֽismao֙ At-dbr֣i Iho֔h and Is֖bo Ml֥ct Al-irbaֽm: P.
5:11 And Rehobah returned to them in Yerushalayim because of them, and the children of Aron returned to Mizor in the midst of Judah.
6:11 And the sons of Beth-letham, the sons of Hatham, and the Eitamites, and the Tacos, were brought up.
7:11 And the daughter of Zachor, and his wife, and him, and Adulam, and them.
8: 11 And Gathath, and Marshash, and Zu'efe,
9: 11 And Edoram, and Shelomo, and Shezek, and her husband.
10: 11 And the leprosy, and the threshing-floor, and the threshing-floor, and the sons of Judah, and the sons, and the children of Aron, the strongholds of the wilderness.
11: 11 And he took the trumpet of the trumpets, and they gave them to them, and they destroyed them: and the fruit of the food was consumed, and the oil was oiled, and it was wine.
12: 11 And all the children of the city of Nazareth, and the cities of Zion, Zonoth, and Zacham, were raised up, and they gave up their inheritance, to multiply it from the land, and it became to them, Jehoiada the son, and Beniamin.
13:11 And the priests, and they, and their wives, were as they were in all the children of Israel, and they were crucified, and they overcame all their mighty men.
14:11 When the people of Azuab, the people of the Levites, took up their inheritance, and took up their inheritance, and they came to him, to Judaize them, and to the children of Jerusalem, because they were not in their possession, because they were angry with them, and their sons were not in their midst, because they were the LORD.
15: 11 And he said unto them, Behold, ye shall not return to the wilderness, nor to the gates of the sea, nor to the roundabout: for I will not do as I have done.
16: 11 Ahrih֗m Mcl֙ Sbt֣i Isra֔l Hnֽtnim֙ At-lbb֔m Lbk֕s At-iho֖h Alh֣i Isra֑l B֚ao Ir֣osl֔m Lzb֕oh Liho֖h Alh֥i Abotihֽm:
17: 11 And the children of the house of the king of Judah, the children of Judah, and the children of the tribe of Rehoboam, the son of Solomon, returned to the two of them, who were ashamed of them, so that they might return to the land of Israel, and they would return to the land of Israel, and they would return to their land.
18:11 And the son of Eli, the son of Eli, the son of Eli, the son of Eli, the son of Eli, the son of Eli, the son of Eli, the son of Eli, the son of Eli.
19:11 And they gave birth to him, and they brought up the people of the land, and the guardians thereof, and the land of them.
20:11 And after that, the daughter of Absalom became father and father, and brought him to her father, and to him, and to Zayazah, and to Shalamith.
21: 11 Iah֨b Rhba֜m At-mac֣h Bt-absl֗om Mcl-nsio֙ and F֣ilgs֔io C֠i Ns֤im Smonֽh-asrh֙ Ns֔a and Fֽilgs֖im Ss֑im and I֗old Asr֧im and Smon֛h Bn֖im and Ss֥im Bnֽot:
22: 11 And David went up to the house of the captain of the tribe of Rehoboam, his father-in-law, who was in the midst of the house of the king, so that he might go to the house of his brethren, so that he might give him his inheritance.
23:11 And Laban built up all the sons of his sons, and gave them to the children of Israel, the children of Judah, and the sons of Israel, all of them, and the sons of Israel, the children of Israel, and the children of Mizrah, and they were given to them, and they went to the land of Mordecai, and the men of Judah were married to them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 12   (16 verses)‬
1: 12 And he came to him, so that he might not be blessed, and he was with him, and his strength, and his strength, he gave up the Torah, the LORD his God, and all the people of Israel were with him.
2: 12 And it came to pass, that the people of the tribe of Hamelech were five hundred years old, because they were far away from the land of Israel, because they were not in possession of the land of Israel, because they were against Israel, because they were not in their midst, because they were in their midst.
3: 12 In the morning and in the morning, there is no god but the Lord, and in the flesh, there is no god but the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds, and the people of Israel.
4: 12 And he took the ark of the land, the stronghold of Ashar, and he brought it to him, and it came to him, and he brought it to the land of Jeruselaim.
5: 12 ֽsmֽai֤h Hnbia֙ B֣a Al-rhba֔m and Sr֣i Ihod֔h Asr-nasf֥o Al-irosl֖m Mfn֣i Sis֑k and I֨amr Lh֜m Ch-am֣r Iho֗h Atm֙ Azbt֣m At֔i and Af-an֛i Az֥bti Atc֖m Bid-sisֽk:
6: 12 And he was disobedient: and he said unto him, Behold, I pray thee, and go thy way: and he said unto him, Thou shalt go forth unto thee.
7: 12 Bra֤ot Ihoh֙ C֣i Ncn֔ao Hih֩ Dbr-iho֨h [c] Al-smֽai֧h | Lam֛r Ncna֖o L֣a Ashit֑m and Ntt֨i Lh֤m Cmat֙ Lflit֔h and La-tt֧c Hmt֛i Birosl֖m Bid-sisֽk:
8: 12 When they came to him, they became servants to them, and they knew that they were slaves, and they were servants, and they were servants of the land of the land.
9: 12 I֨al Sis֥k Mֽlc-mtzrim֮ Al-iroslm֒ and Ik֞h At-atzr֣ot Bit-iho֗h and At-aֽtzrot֙ B֣it Hm֔lc At-hc֖l Lk֑h and Ikh֙ At-mgn֣i Hzh֔b As֥r As֖h Slmֽh:
10: 12 And it came to pass, when the people went down to Rehoboth, that they were under fire, and they were not in charge: for they were against the children of the LORD, but they were in the hands of the children of Israel, and they were not in the land.
11: 12 And it came to pass, that it was from Me, but it came to pass, that the people of the LORD were with you, they were in the midst of the earth, and they were not married, and they returned to the land, but they were not eager.
12: 12 And in the midst of it he went away, and he went down from there, because he was against the LORD, and he did not go out to give him anything to eat. And even though he was in the house of the LORD, behold, the LORD was the LORD, and the LORD was the LORD.
13: 12 Ithz֞k Hm֧lc Rhba֛m Birosl֖m and Iml֑c C֣i Bn-arba֣im and Ah֣t Snh֩ Rhba֨m Bmlc֜o and ֽsb֨a Asr֥h Sn֣h | Ml֣c Bֽirosl֗m H֠air Asr-bh֨r Iho֜h Ls֨om At-sm֥o Sm֙ Mcl֙ Sbt֣i Isra֔l and S֣m Am֔o Nam֖h Hֽamnֽit:
14: 12 And he made the land of the mountains, the mountains of the mountains, the mountains of the mountains, and the mountains of the mountains.
15: 12 Dbr֣i Rhba֗m Hrasnim֙ and Ha֣hron֔im Hla-h֨m Ctob֜im Bdbr֨i Smֽai֧h Hnb֛ia and Ad֥o Hhz֖h Lhtih֑s and Mlhm֧ot Rhba֛m and Irba֖m Cl-himֽim:
16: 12 And Rehoboach dwelt with his father, and he dwelt, and dwelt in the midst of the fire of David, and he came to him, and his father came to him, and his son was there.
‪xxxx  Chapter 13   (23 verses)‬
1: 13 In the year of Shemon, the tenth of the tenth month, I will go down to you, and I will bring you up to you, my father, over Yahweh.
2: 13 And the people of the land of the land of Israel were destroyed, and the land of Israel was destroyed, and they were destroyed, and their land was destroyed, and there was no god but them, and they were not in the land of the LORD.
3: 13 Ias֨r Abi֜h At-hmlhm֗h Bh֙il֙ Gbor֣i Mlhm֔h Arba-ma֥ot A֖lf A֣is Bh֑or S. Irba֗m Ar֤c Amo֙ Mlhm֔h Bsmon֨h Ma֥ot A֛lf A֥is Bh֖or Gb֥or Hֽil: S.
4:13 And he rose up, and rebuked the LORD, saying, From above, I will go down to Zimmer, but I will not be afraid of them. And I will say to them, 'I am saying,' Hear, I will not be afraid! '"And all the people of Israel went astray.
5:13 13 Behold, I have given you the name of the Lord, the Lord, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the God of Israel, the Lord of Israel, the Lord of Israel, the Lord of Israel, the Lord of Israel, the Lord of Israel, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Father, the Savior, the Savior, and the Savior.
6:13 13 And Jacob rose up again, because he was a son of Nabath, because he was a son of David, and he rebelled against his master.
7: 13 Ikbtz֣o Al֗io Ans֤im Rkim֙ Bn֣i Bli֔al and Iֽtamtz֖o Al-rhba֣m Bn-slm֑h and Rhba֗m H֤ih N֙ar֙ and Rc-lb֔b and L֥a Hthz֖k Lfnihֽm:
8: 13 At֣h | At֣m Aֽmr֗im Lhthzk֙ Lfni֙ Mml֣ct Iho֔h Bi֖d Bn֣i Do֑id and Atm֙ Hm֣on R֔b and Amcm֙ Agl֣i Zh֔b As֨r As֥h Lc֛m Irba֖m Lalhֽim:
9: 13 Hl֤a Hdhtm֙ At-chn֣i Iho֔h At-bn֥i Ahr֖n and Hloi֑m and Tas֨o Lc֤m Chnim֙ Cam֣i Hartz֔ot Cl-hb֗a Lml֨a Id֜o Bf֤r Bn-bkr֙ and Ail֣m Sba֔h and Hi֥h Ch֖n Ll֥a Alhֽim: S.
10: 13 And we, the God of the LORD, have mercy on us, O God, our God, our God, and not the people of Azzaban, and the people of Israel, so that we may not be ashamed of them, nor are they ashamed of us, but they are not, and they are not.
11: 13 Mktr֣im Liho֡h Al֣ot Bbֽkr-bb֣kr and Baֽrb-ba֣rb and Ktֽrt-smim֩ and Mar֨ct L֜hm Al-hslh֣n Hth֗or and Mnor֨t Hzh֤b and Nrt֙ih֙ Lbar֙ Ba֣rb Ba֔rb Cֽi-smr֣im An֔hno At-msm֖rt LORD Alh֑ino and At֖m Azbt֥m Atֽo:
12: 13 Hnh֩ Am֨no Br֜as Halh֧im | and Chn֛io and Htztzr֥ot Htroa֖h Lhr֣ia Alic֑m Bn֣i Isra֗l Al-tlֽhm֛o Am-iho֥h Alhֽi-abtic֖m Ci-l֥a Ttzlֽiho:
13:13 And the LORD was full of them, and he turned away the king, and he brought them back to them, and they were not with them after them, and they were there, and they were in the hands of Jehoiada, the LORD, and the Amorites, after them after them.
14:13 13 And Jehudah came to him, and he gave her to them, the war, and the children of Pinhas, and all the other men, and the children of Zohor, the LORD, and Leah, and Leah, and the sons of Hahnahim, and Mahzarim, and Mihazzer, and Bazah,
15:13 And Jehoiah the son of Jehudah came to him, and he was in the midst of the mountains, and there was no man, Judah, and God;
16:13 And the sons of Israel were defeated, and they were taken away from Me. "Oh Yahweh, have mercy on you, and you have given them strength, because they are not in their hands."
17:13 And they, in their midst, were the fathers of the people, and the people of the nation, so many of them, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, five hundred and fifty thousand.
18:13 And the sons of Israel were ashamed, and this was not the way of the children, but they were baptized, because they were in the children of Jehoiada, because they were not saved, because the LORD was with them, God is their God, and they are their fathers.
19: 13 Ird֣f Abih֮ Ahr֣i Irbam֒ and Ilc֤d Mm֙no֙ Ar֔im At-bֽit-al֙ and At-bnot֔ih and At-isn֖h and At-bnot֑ih and At- * ** Afr֖in pencil and Bntֽih:
20:13 And the sons of Abba, the son of Jeroboam, rose up to them in the house of Abiath, his father, and his father, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
21:13 And the father of his father was angry with him, and his wife was with him, and his wife was with him, and he gave him ten children, and he became nine sons, and they were married to him, and they were married to him, and he was married to him.
22:13 And he said unto him, Thou shalt not speak, O father of the Father, O God, thy righteousness, and his word, and the word of his word, and the word of the Lord;
23:13 And his father dwelt with him, and with his father, he was with him, and he buried him, he was with him, in the fire of the fire of David, and he returned to his house, and he gave him to his son, and he gave him his money, and he gave him bread in his house, so that he was quiet, and that he was the land of the people of the land.
‪xxxx  Chapter 14   (14 verses)‬
1: 14 And Moses made the land of Hatt, the thorn, and the threshing floor, in the eyes of the LORD, the LORD, the God of his people.
2: 14 And he took away the altar, and the captain, and the Ammonite, and destroyed the commandment, and brought it to the fire, and destroyed the fire of the fire.
3:14 And the LORD said unto him, Behold, the LORD shall be with thee, and he shall bring forth the LORD thy God, and the LORD, and his fathers, and the children of the Torah, and the women of the Torah.
4:14 And it came to pass, that the people of the tribe of Arar were with me: Jehoah, behold, the sons of Hamam, and the Hamamites, and the army of the Mamluks, and the sons of Israel.
5:14 And the sons of Arar, the children of Mizorah, were in Judah, because the people of Sheshtah were there, and the land was not with them, because they were not in the heat of the fire, but they were destroyed, because they were not worthy of the LORD.
6: 14 I֨amr Lֽihod֜h Nbn֣h | At-har֣im Ha֗lh and Ns֨b Hom֣h and Mgdlim֮ Dlt֣im and Brihim֒ Aod֨no Ha֜rtz Lfn֗ino C֤i Dr֙sno֙ At-iho֣h Alh֔ino Dr֕sno and I֥nֽh L֖no Msb֑ib and Ibn֖o and Itzlֽiho: P.
7: 14 and Ih֣i Las֗a Hil֮ Ns֣a Tzn֣h and Rmh֒ Mֽihodh֙ Sl֣s Ma֣ot A֔lf S. Mbnim֗n Nsa֤i Mgn֙ and D֣rci K֔st Mat֥im and Smon֖im A֑lf Cl-a֖lh Gb֥ori Hֽil:
8: 14 And he gave them unto them, and he gave them the bread of the threshing-floor, and in the midst of them he went up to the house of Elaph, and he brought up the ark of the land, which was filled with water, and he brought it to the land of Marash, the land of Judah.
9: 14 And he gave up the land of Essa before his face, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to the LORD, and he gave it to the LORD.
10: 14 Ikr֨a As֜a Al-iho֣h Alhio֮ and Iamr֒ Iho֗h Aֽin-amc֤ Lazor֙ B֥in Rb֙ La֣in C֔h Azr֜no Iho֤h Alh֙ino֙ Cֽi-al֣ic Nsa֔no and Bsmc֣ B֔ano Al-hhm֖on Hz֑h Iho֤h Alh֙ino֙ A֔th Al-iatz֥r Amc֖ Anֽos: S.
11: 14 And Jehoof the LORD brought forth the thorns, and turned away before me, and cursed, and turned away: Jehovah is the LORD, and they are defeated, and the thieves are ashamed.
12: 14 Irdf֨m As֜a and Ha֣m Asr-amo֮ Ad-lgrr֒ and If֤l Mcosim֙ La֣in Lh֣m Mֽhi֔h Cֽi-nsbr֥o Lfnֽi-iho֖h and Lfn֣i Mhn֑ho and Isa֥o Sl֖l Hrb֥h Maֽd:
13:14 And all the people were astonished, and the people were round about, and the people of Gerar were afraid, because the people of Judah were afraid of them, and they took away all the treasures of the land, because they were very angry with her.
14:14 And the people of Israel, and they that dwelt among them, reigned, and dwelt among them, and went up, and multiplied, and dwelt in the midst of the land of Jerusalem.
‪xxxx  Chapter 15   (19 verses)‬
1:15 And my descendants returned to him, the son of Oud, because they were in the house of the LORD.
2: 15 Itza֮ Lfn֣i Asa֒ and I֣amr L֔o Sma֕oni As֖a and Cl-ihod֣h and Bnim֑n Iho֤h Amcm֙ Bֽhiֽotc֣m Am֔o and Aֽm-tdrs֙ho֙ Imtz֣a Lc֔m and Am-tazb֖ho Iaz֥b Atcֽm: S.
3: 15 And many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, people).
4: 15 And when the young man returned, he returned to the house of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the people of Israel, and begged him, and brought him to them.
5:15 And when they came to them, they were not, but they were not, but they were not, and they were not, and they were not, because they were not of them, and they were many, and all the inhabitants of the land were there.
6: 15 And the women of the children of the children of Baghiah came to him and said, "Do not be angry with them, because they are not God, but they are hot, but they are not in all the land of Israel."
7:15 And you shall not be afraid of them, neither shall they be dismayed, nor shall their hands be trampled upon: for they shall be ashamed of their wickedness.
8: 15 and Csm֨a As֜a Hdbr֣im Ha֗lh and Hnboah֮ Ad֣d Hnbia֒ Hthz֗k and Iab֤r Hskotzim֙ Mcl-a֤rtz Ihodh֙ and Bnim֔n and Mn-h֣ar֔im As֥r Lc֖d Mh֣r Afr֑im and Ihds֙ At-mzb֣h Iho֔h As֕r Lfn֖i Aol֥m Ihoֽh:
9: 15 and Ikb֗tz At-cl-ihodh֙ and Bnim֔n and Hgrim֙ Amh֔m Mafr֥im and Mns֖h and Msma֑on Cֽi-nfl֨o Al֤io Misral֙ Lr֔b Brat֕m Cֽi-iho֥h Alh֖io Amֽo: P.
10: 15 And Jeroboam gathered them in the midst of the threshing floor, and reigned fifty years before the king, because of the king of the tribe of Asa.
11: 15 And they slew him, and the LORD was with them, because they were afraid of them, because they were afraid of him, and they brought him to the land of the land, and they returned to the land, and they returned to the land, and they returned seven thousand years.
12: 15 And the sons of Baabar wanted to fear God, and they feared God, because they were not their fathers, but in all their hearts, and in all the souls of the wicked.
13: 15 And as for the people of Israel, the LORD, the LORD, is not the LORD, but the LORD is the God of Israel, and he is not a hundred thousand years old, and he is a mighty man, and he is not a man, nor a man of strength.
14: 15 And the people of the tribe of Zabo, the LORD, were with him in the midst of the greatness of the children, and in the midst of the fire, and in the midst of the fire, and in the wilderness of the forests.
15:15 And all the children of Judah rejoiced: for all the children of the tribe of Israel were in the midst of their hearts, they were filled with desire, and in all their will, because they were in trouble, and they came to them, and they came to Noah, the LORD, to them, because they were not in captivity.
16: 15 Gֽm-mac֞h A֣m | As֣a Hm֗lc Hsirh֙ Mgbir֔h Asr-ast֥h Lasr֖h Mfl֑tzt and Icr֤t Asa֙ At-mfltzt֔h and I֕dk and Isr֖f Bn֥hl Kdrֽon:
17: 15 And the sons of the children of Israel were not afraid of the people of Israel, but the Lord of the Syrians was afraid of them, because they were not all their days.
18: 15 And he brought up the sanctuary: but his father was with him, and his master was with him, and the LORD was with him, and they were not like the sword, and Zabab, and all of them.
19: 15 And the war was over, but it was not a year for the third year, and it was a year for the king, and the kingdom of Asa.
‪xxxx  Chapter 16   (14 verses)‬
1: 16 Bsn֨t Sls֤im and Ss֙ Lmlc֣ot As֔a Al֞h Bas֤a Mֽlc-isral֙ Al-ihod֔h and I֖bn At-hrm֑h Lblt֗i T֚t Iotz֣a and B֔a Las֖a M֥lc Ihodֽh:
2: 16 And he gave up the land of Esau and Zebab, from the east of Nazareth, to the west of the house of Yahweh, and to the house of the LORD, and to you, to the Son of David, and from there to you, I will bring them to the land of Israel.
3: 16 Brit֙ Bin֣i and Bin֔c and B֥in Ab֖i and B֣in Ab֑ic Hn֨h Sl֤htֽi Lc֙ C֣sf and Zh֔b L֞c Hf֣r Brֽitc֗ At-basa֙ M֣lc Isra֔l and Ial֖h Malֽi:
4: 16 Ism֨a son of [1] Hd֜d Al-hm֣lc As֗a and ֠islh At-sr֨i Hhil֤im Asr-lo֙ Al-ar֣i Isra֔l and Ico֙ At-ai֣on and At-d֔n and A֖t Ab֣l M֑im and A֥t Cֽl-mscn֖ot Ar֥i Nftlֽi:
5: 16 And when the name of the servant was done, he did not know, and he was afraid of the children of the vineyard, and he sat down and took the meat from his hand.
6:16 And he took away your inheritance, and took away all the children of Judah, and carried away the sons of Aaron, and he brought them up, and the people of Esau, as the sons of Israel, the sons of Esau, and the children of Behemoth, and the Mizpah.
7: 16 Ba֣t Hh֗ia B֚a Hn֣ni Hra֔h Al-as֖a M֣lc Ihod֑h and I֣amr Al֗io Bhs֨anc֜ Al-m֤lc Arm֙ and L֤a Nsa֙nt֙ Al-iho֣h Alh֔ic Al-c֗n Nml֛t H֥il Mֽlc-ar֖m Midֽc:
8: 16 Behold, the thorns are not, and the hearts are not; they are the ones that are in the hands of the LORD; and they are not in the hands of the LORD, nor are they in the hands of the LORD;
9: 16 When the LORD, behold, he is with us, he is full of lusts, and in all the people of the earth, they are eager to be strong with their hearts, but they are not with them; for they have not been defeated, but they have fallen on the earth, for they are not satisfied with their sins.
10: 16 And he was angry with Esau, because he was afraid of him, and he gave him strength, because he was in the house of the Mahpak, so that he might be angry with his people, because he was angry with him, and he ran away and ran away from them, because they were not satisfied with them.
11: 16 And behold, the word of the Lord spoke: the first men were not afraid, and the last ones were not, as they were written, and they were on the scepter of the kings, and they were wise to Jehovah, and they were to be saved.
12: 16 And He became rich, but did not commit adultery with him, and he turned to him for his reign, even in his feet, until he came to his house, and he began to fear him, and even in his chambers he was not afraid of the LORD, because he was afraid of him, because he was afraid of them.
13: 16 And Asabah slept with his father, and he died, and he died in the middle of the four hundred years, and he came back to Malch his house.
14: 16 Ikbr֣ho Bkbrt֗io As֣r Cֽrh-lo֮ Ba֣ir Doid֒ and Iscib֗ho Bmscb֙ As֤r Mla֙ Bsm֣im and Zn֔im Mrkh֖im Bmrk֣ht Mas֑h and Isrfo-l֥o Srf֖h Gdol֥h Ad-lmaֽd: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 17   (19 verses)‬
1:17 And Jehoshaphat the son of Yֹ֛֛֛֛ died, and his sons came to him under his feet, and he gave them strength to the children of Israel.
2:17 And the children of Judah were in all the cities of Yahweh, because of the fortification of the tribes; and they were steadfast in the land of Yahweh, and they were in the land of the LORD, and the land of Ephraim was destroyed, and the land of Israel was not destroyed.
3:17 And Jehoiu was with Jehoshaphat, because he was not in his way, because his father was with him, and his fathers were rebellious, and they were not, and they were not, because he was afraid of the children of Israel.
4: 17 When the LORD came to him, his fathers, the children of his father, were destroyed, and the people of the land were destroyed, and the people of the land returned to them, and they did not return, as they did as they did.
5:17 And Yahweh, the son of Yahweh, brought the Mamluks in his hands, and his sons gave him all the children of Judah, and he gave them to Jehoshaphat, and he was his son, and he was with him, and he went to the house of David,
6:17 And he brought him to his heart, in the way of the LORD: and he gave him the light of the abomination, and the commandment, and the commandment thereof.
7:17 And when he was ready to go, he went to the king, and he sent him to his sons, and to Laban the sons of Judah, and to the children of Zechariah, and to Zechariah, and to Lantanah, and to him, and to him, to him, to return to the land of Judah, Yahweh, and Judah.
8: 17 and Amh֣m Hloi֗m Sֽmֽai֡ho and Ntni֡ho and Zbdi֡ho and Asha֡l * and lift ** and Smֽirm֡ot and ֽihontn֩ and Ad֨ni֧ho and Tֽobi֛ho and T֥ob Adoni֖h Hloi֑m and Amh֛m Alism֥a and ֽihor֖m Hchnֽim:
9: 17 And the children of Mehdo were in the midst of the LORD, and they were in the midst of them, and the people of the land were destroyed, and the people of Israel were scattered among them, and the LORD, the LORD, was in the midst of all the cities of Judah, and Jehadah was there.
10: 17 And there was an angel of the LORD, the son of David, all of the kings of the tribe of Israel, who was in the midst of the land of Israel, that was surrounded by the children of Judah, and that the people of Judah were not with the people of Jehoshaphat.
11: 17 Mn-flst֗im Mbia֧im Lֽihosf֛t Mnh֖h and C֣sf Ms֑a G֣m Hֽarbia֗im Mbia֥im Lo֙ Tz֕an Ail֔im Sba֤t Alfim֙ and Sb֣a Ma֔ot and Tis֕im Sba֥t Alf֖im and Sb֥a Maֽot: P.
12:17 And Jehoshaphat came to him, and he went down, and went up to the house of Amalek, and the son of Abraham was in the house of Jehudah, and he said to me, Behold, I am afraid, and I will not be afraid of my people.
13:17 And he made a great deal of bread, and he gave it to him, because he was in the midst of the mountains. Yahweh, the LORD, and the women, were among them, and they raised up the rivers of Galilee in Birussal.
14: 17 And I will bring you to the house of the LORD, and I will bring him to the house of the LORD, and I will return to him, and I will return to him, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
15:17 And on his own hand, he said, "Oh, Oh, the LORD, that is, the people, and the people, and the people, and the people, and the people."
16:17 And upon the children of Amaziah, son of Zechariah, the hundredth of the tribe of Judah, were he with him, and with his people, from there he went, and he returned to the land of Israel.
17: 17 And from the sons of Benjamin the son of Gibor, the son of Hilel, came to him, and with him, and to him, and to him, and to the south, and to the south,
18:17 And on the other hand, Jehozabad, and with him were his wives, and they were there, and they were not numbered.
19:17 I have sent you, the servant of the LORD, to the Lord, who is in the midst of the children of the tribe of Israel, who are in the midst of the land, in the land of the mountains, in the midst of all the children of Judah.
‪xxxx  Chapter 18   (34 verses)‬
1: 18 And he came to the house of Jehoshaphat, so that he was able to go down, and he went down to the house of David, and brought them to the house of Yahweh.
2: 18 And he went down to the king of the tribe of Shesh, to El Ahab, the son of Susham, to Meron, and to the tribe of Zebub, and to him, to Ahahav, the son of Zuhan, and to Korach, to Reb Yisroel, and to Esau, to Esau, and to his people, and to him, and to him, to him, to go up to the land, to go up to Gilboa.
3: 18 I֜amr Aha֣b Mֽlc-isra֗l Al-ihֽosft֙ M֣lc Ihod֔h Htl֥c Am֖i Rm֣t Gla֑d and I֣amr L֗o Cm֤oni Cm֙oc֙ and Camc֣ Am֔i and Amc֖ Bmlhmֽh:
4:18 And the word of Jehoshaphat said unto the children of Israel, We will not go down, because as for the LORD, the LORD is the LORD.
5: 18 Ikb֨tz Mֽlc-isra֥l Aֽt-hnbaim֮ Arb֣a Ma֣ot Ais֒ and I֣amr Alh֗m Hnl֞c Al-rm֥t Gla֛d Lmlhm֖h Am-ahd֑l and Iamr֣o Al֔h and It֥n Halh֖im Bi֥d Hmֽlc:
6: 18 And he said unto them, Yea, thou shalt not go down; thou shalt not be satisfied; for it is not the way of the LORD, but the LORD, the son of David, and the prince of the land.
7: 18 I֣amr Mֽlc-isra֣l | Aֽl-ihosf֡t A֣od Ais-ah֡d Ldros֩ At-iho֨h Mֽat֜o and An֣i Snat֗iho Cֽi-a֠inno Mtnb֨a Al֤i Ltobh֙ C֣i Cl-im֣io Lra֔h H֖oa Mic֣iho Bn-iml֑a and I֙amr֙ Ih֣osf֔t Al-iam֥r Hm֖lc Cֽn:
8: 18 And he called out to Moses, saying, Behold, I pray thee unto the serpent;
9: 18 M֣lc Isra֡l and ֽihosf֣t Mֽlc-ihod֡h Iosbim֩ A֨is Al-csa֜o Mlbs֤im Bgdim֙ and Isb֣im Bg֔rn F֖th S֣ar Smr֑on and Cl-h֨nbia֔im Mֽtnba֖im Lfnihֽm:
10: 18 And he went up to his right hand, and he brought him to the house of Canaan, and the Canaanites were in him, and he was in the midst of his wrath. [C] And the LORD said unto him, Behold, thou shalt be afraid of the LORD thy God, and behold, thou shalt bring the people away from them.
11: 18 And all the sons of the sons of Nabaa were brought up, so that they might be blessed, and the children of Israel rose up high, and the children of Israel came to them.
12: 18 Hmla֞c Asr-hl֣c | Lkr֣a Lmic֗iho Db֤r Alio֙ Lam֔r Hn֞h Dbr֧i Hnba֛im Fֽh-ah֥d T֖ob Al-hm֑lc and ֽihi-n֧a Dbrc֛ Cah֥d Mh֖m and Db֥rt Tֽob:
13:18 And he said unto thee, Behold, the life of the LORD is with me, so that thou mayest be afraid, O God, O God, I will give him strength;
14: 18 Iba֮ Al-hmlc֒ and I֨amr Hm֜lc Al֗io Mich֙ Hnl֞c Al-rm֥t Gla֛d Lmlhm֖h Am-ahd֑l and I֙amr֙ Al֣o and Htzl֔iho and Intn֖o Bidcֽm:
15: 18 And he said to him, "What is your name, how long have you been, how long have you been? I am not satisfied with you, but I am not pleased with you. Do not be afraid of them, for they are not worthy of mercy, but in their own way, O Jehovah!"
16: 18 I֗amr Ra֤iti At-cl-isral֙ Nfotz֣im Al-hֽhr֔im Ctz֕an As֥r Ain-lh֖n Ra֑h and I֤amr Ihoh֙ Lֽa-adn֣im La֔lh Is֥obo Ais-lbit֖o Bslֽom:
17:18 And Moses said unto him, I pray thee, I pray thee unto the Lord, I am not ashamed: thou art not satisfied with me; for I am not thy neighbor; thou shalt not be reproached;
18:18 And he said to them, "Hear this, O nation of Israel, see the word of Yahweh, and I will see the LORD on his throne, and all his strength shall be upon the heavens, and he shall not dwell upon his eyes, but upon his right hand, and on his way."
19:18 And the word of the LORD was spoken to him, saying, "Behold, I am the LORD, the Lord of Israel, and I will bring thee into the land of Israel."
20:18 And he said, "Behold, I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will go up to you, and I will answer you, O LORD, and I will say: 'I am not ready,' said the LORD.
21:18 And he said, I will go out, and I will be with you, and I will go to the house of the king of Israel, and I will be with you in all my sons, and I will bring him to you, and he will say to you his repentance, and I will not go down with you, nor will I do so.
22:18 And now, behold, it was the same, yea, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
23:18 And Haggash saw Tzedekiah, his son, in the midst of the Canaanites, and he brought you to Me, for he was with him over my life, and he said to him, "Behold, I am the LORD, the Lord of the earth, the servant of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the World."
24: 18 And he said unto thee, Behold, thy Lord is seeing thee, behold, I am the Lord, and behold, I am the Lord, and I am the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the world,
25: 18 And he said unto them, I pray thee, I pray thee unto thee, that they shall not take thee, and bring him back to him: and they shall return him to him, unto the mother of Aaron, the son of the minister of light, and unto Joash the son of the king.
26: 18 And they said unto them, Thou shalt not give it to the people, but they shall give it to them, and they shall eat it, and they shall eat it, and bring it forth to them, to the west of the sea, and to the west, to the west, to the west, and to the west,
27: 18 And he said to him, Behold, if thou shalt not return, thou shalt return in the midst of the wickedness; but the LORD shall not dwell in it, neither shall I say that he shall hear it; but they shall not be filled with it.
28: 18 And he went up to Mezel, the son of Yisra'֛l, and the son of Jehoshaphat, of Meziel, of Jehoiada, of Judah, to El-Ram֥, to Gilboa.
29: 18 Iamr֩ M֨lc Isra֜l Al-ihosf֗t Hthfs֙ and B֣oa Bmlhm֔h and At֖h Lb֣s Bgd֑ic and Ithfs֙ M֣lc Isra֔l and Ib֖ao Bmlhmֽh:
30: 18 And when the men of Israel went up, they commanded the women to go out, and they went to the house of the king, who was not in the house of Amor, nor the son of Judah, but they brought the young people to the house, and they brought the children of Israel to the ground.
31: 18 Ih֡i Craot֩ Sr֨i Hr֜cb At-ihosf֗t and H֤mh Aֽmro֙ M֣lc Isra֣l H֔oa and Is֥bo Al֖io Lhlh֑m and Iza֤k Ihֽosft֙ and ֽiho֣h Azr֔o and Isit֥m Alh֖im Mmֽno:
32: 18 And there was a vision of the people of Israel, because they were afraid, because they were not, but they were not in Israel, and they were ashamed of them.
33: 18 A֗is Ms֤c Bk֙st֙ Ltm֔o and Ic֙ At-m֣lc Isra֔l B֥in Hdbk֖im and B֣in Hsri֑n and I֣amr Lֽrc֗b Hf֧c * ** Idc֛ hands and Hotzat֥ni Mn-hֽmhn֖h C֥i Hhlֽiti:
34: 18 And he went up to the army, saying, "Behold, this is the LORD's commandment, and I will send you into the land of Israel. May God have mercy on you." He said, "I will not bring you to the land, but I will destroy you, and I will destroy you."
‪xxxx  Chapter 19   (11 verses)‬
1:19 And Jehoshaphat the son of Jehoiashaphat returned to the house of his daughter, and to him, in the midst of them, to bring them to the house of the children of Israel.
2: 19 and Itz֣a Al-fn֗io Ih֣oa Bn-hn֘ni֮ Hhzh֒ and I֙amr֙ Al-hm֣lc Ihosf֔t Hlrs֣a Laz֔r and Lsna֥i Iho֖h Tah֑b and Bzat֙ Al֣ic K֔tzf Mlfn֖i Ihoֽh:
3: 19 Abba Hillel said, "Do not be good, I will find your people, your people, because I am afraid of you, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength to your heart."
4: 19 And Jehoshaphat sat down in Yerushalayim, but he was not, and he returned, and he gave them up in their midst, because he was not satisfied with them, but he returned to Ephrayam, and turned them back to the LORD, because God was with them, and his fathers were not with them.
5:19 And the people of the tribe of Saphteam were in the midst of all the cities of Yahweh, the city of Hazzur, the cities of Lazar, and Uir.
6: 19 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not see them; for they are not; but they are not; for they are not; they are not; for they are not judged; for they are not; they are the LORD, and they are with you, and they are in the midst of the sorrows.
7:19 And when it came to pass, the people of Israel went on, saying, "Keep it, keep it, and do it, for it is not with the people of God, O God, O God, our God, O Israel, and the people of Israel, and it is not the face of the people, and the commandment of the sword."
8:19 And the children of the house of Josh, the son of Levi, rose up from them, and the sons of Israel, and the first men, the fathers, the children of Israel, to the captivity of the LORD, the LORD, and to the Lord, and to Jacob, and to the tribe of Yerushalayim.
9:19 And his sons, the children of Israel, went up to them, saying to them, "Do you not do anything, seeing that the LORD is the one who trusts in us, and is in the heart of your heart?"
10: 19 Cl-rib֩ Asr-ib֨oa Alic֜m Mahic֣m | Hisb֣im Barih֗m Bֽin-d֣m | Ldm֮ Bin-tor֣h Lmtzoh֮ Lhk֣im and Lmsftim֒ and Hzhrt֣m At֔m and L֤a Iasmo֙ Liho֔h and Hֽih-k֥tzf Alic֖m and Al-ahic֑m C֥h Tas֖on and L֥a Tasֽmo:
11: 19 Hn֡h Amri֣ho Chn֩ Hr֨as Alic֜m Lc֣l Dbr-iho֗h and Zbdi֨ho Bn-isma֜al Hng֤id Lbit-ihodh֙ Lc֣l Dbr-hm֔lc and Str֥im Hloi֖m Lfnic֑m Hzk֣o and As֔o and Ih֥i Iho֖h Am-htֽob: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 20   (37 verses)‬
1: 20 And there came to me a list of the sons of Moab, the sons of Moab, and the children of Ammon, and the people of Ammon, the children of Ammonites, against Yahweh, and of the tribe of Lammahamah.
2:20 And they brought him, and brought him to Israel, and he brought him to Israel, saying, Behold, I will lift up your eyes, and I will not be afraid of them, but they will not be afraid of them, because they will be destroyed, and they will be destroyed, because they will not be destroyed.
3:20 And Jehorah came and gave them to Jehoshaphat his face to him, and to him he went, and he went to him, and he came to him, and brought them to the house of all the children of Judah.
4:20 And Yahweh gathered him, saying, Behold, he hath taken away from him, that they may be with him, they are all of them, all of them, O Yahweh, but they are in the house of the LORD;
5:20 And David the son of Jehoshaphat cried out to Jehu, the son of Jerusulah, but they were not in the house of Yahweh, but the son of Laban, the son of Hazar, the son of Hadash, the son of Judah.
6: 20 Iam֗r Iho֞h Alh֤i Abt֙ino֙ Hl֨a Atֽh-h֤oa Alhim֙ Bsm֔im and At֣h Mos֔l Bc֖l Mmlc֣ot Hgoi֑m and Bidc֙ C֣h and Gbor֔h and A֥in Amc֖ Lhtitzֽb:
7: 20 Behold, God is with you, O LORD, that thou hast given witness to the LORD, and this is the way of the people, that thou hast dealt with me: for thy people are mighty, and they have been saved; and they have given them strength, and they have given them strength.
8: 20 And he dwelt among the children of Israel, and they built for you a thing: behold, it is holy to you, that is to your scepter, to be faithful.
9: 20 Am-tb֨oa Al֜ino Ra֗h Hrb֮ Sfot֮ and D֣br and Rab֒ Nֽamd֞h Lfn֨i [c] Hb֤it Hzh֙ and Lfn֔ic C֥i Smc֖ Bb֣it Hz֑h and Nza֥k Al֛ic Mtzrt֖no and Tsm֥a and Tosֽia:
10: 20 At֡h Hnh֩ Bnֽi-am֨on and Moa֜b and Hr-sa֗ir A֠sr Lֽa-nt֤th Lisral֙ Lb֣oa Bh֔m Bba֖m Ma֣rtz Mtzr֑im C֛i S֥ro Malih֖m and L֥a Hsmidֽom:
11: 20 And they, behold, they murmured unto us, Come up to us, and come unto the Lord, and bring forth thy flesh, and thy flesh, and thy flesh, and thy flesh.
12: 20 God is our God, and He is our God, and He is the One, and He is the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, and the Most High.
13:20 And the children of Judah, the children of Israel, were standing before me, the LORD, the LORD, and the children of their wives, and their children.
14: 20 And the son of Zechariah, son of Ben, son of Benjamin, son of Ja'aiel, son of Midan, married him, and they were married to him, because of the sons of the children. Asaph, the children of Judah were on him, and the children of Judah were in the house of the LORD.
15: 20 I֗amr Hks֤ibo Cl-ihodh֙ and Isb֣i Irosl֔m and Hm֖lc Ihosf֑t Cֽh-am֨r Iho֜h Lc֗m A֠tm Al-tֽira֤o and Al-th֙to֙ Mfn֨i Hhm֤on Hrb֙ Hz֔h C֣i L֥a Lc֛m Hmlhm֖h C֥i Lalhֽim:
16: 20 And he said unto them, Go down, and go up against them; for they are not in their midst; for they are thirsty, and they have come out, but they are not with them, but in them, they have been given to them, and they have turned away from me.
17: 20 L֥a Lc֖m Lhlh֣m Bz֑at Htitzb֣o Amd֡o and Ra֣o At-isoat֩ Iho֨h Amc֜m Ihod֣h and ֽirosl֗m Al-tֽirao֙ and Al-th֔to Mhr֙ Tza֣o Lfnih֔m and Iho֖h Amcֽm:
18: 20 And Jehoshaphat, the father of the children of Israel, went up to the land, and all the children of Judah were there, and they sat down, and the children of Jeshulam died.
19: 20 And the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel came to the house of the LORD, and they returned to the house of Yahweh.
20: 20 Isc֣imo Bb֔kr and Itza֖o Lmdb֣r Tk֑oa and Btzat֞m Am֣d Ihosf֗t and I֙amr֙ Sma֗oni Ihodh֙ and Isb֣i Irosl֔m Ham֜ino Biho֤h Alhicm֙ and T֣am֔no Ham֥ino Bnbia֖io and Htzlֽiho:
Num 21:20 And the people of Israel went up to the house of the people, and they went out of the house of the captives, and they went to the LORD, and they went to the house of the LORD, and they returned to the land, and the people of the land returned to the land, and the people of the land were destroyed.
22: 20 And when the children came to him, they gave birth to her, and she gave birth to them, and they gave birth to them: the LORD gave them to the children of the sons of Ammon, the son of Moab, and of Har-Shea, the son of Abraham, who brought the children of Yahud, and he returned to them.
23: 20 And the children of Ammon, the children of Ammon, went up against them, and they went to the house of the LORD, to the mountains, to the mountains, to the mountains, to the mountains, to the mountains, to the mountains, to the mountains, and to the mountains, to the east, to the east, to the east, to the west, to Azor, and to Ish-bir'a, to Judah, to Mesopotamia.
24: 20 And he, behold, he was amazed: behold, behold, the people of the tribe of Mizpeh went to Mordecai, and they turned to them, to the sea, and to the sea, and to them, they were young, and they were fallen, but they were not, and they were not.
25: 20 Ib֨a Ihosf֣t and Amo֮ Lb֣z At-sllm֒ and Imtzao֩ Bh֨m Lr֜b and Rc֤os and Fgrim֙ and Cl֣i Hmd֔ot and Intzl֥o Lh֖m La֣in Ms֑a and Iֽhi֞o Im֧im Slos֛h Bzz֥im At-hsl֖l C֥i Rb-hֽoa:
26: 20 And the children of the tribe of Harabah were gathered together, and they were not satisfied with their land, because they had been blessed by the LORD, because they were so far in their hands, and they were not in their place, but they were not in their land, nor were they in the land of the land.
27: 20 And all the people of Judah, and all the people of Judah, and Jehoasholam, were married to them, and they were not ashamed of them, but they were not in their heads; but they were captivated by the children of Israel, because they were in the midst of them, because they were afraid of them.
28: 20 And the children of Israel came to them, and the children of the tribe of Israel were in the midst of them, and they were in the midst of the children of Israel, and in the midst of the fire, they went to the house of the LORD, the LORD.
29: 20 And there was an angel of God, and they were not all the kings of the land, but they were in the midst of their hearing, because they had gone away, because Jehovah, the LORD, was with them, and they were enemies, and they were saved.
30: 20 And the angel of the tribe of Jehoshaphat came to him, and he went to the house of the LORD.
31: 20 Iml֥c Ihosf֖t Al-ihod֑h Bn-slsim֩ and Hm֨s Sn֜h Bmlc֗o and Asr֨im and Hm֤s Snh֙ Ml֣c Bֽirosl֔m and S֣m Am֔o Azob֖h Bt-slhֽi:
32: 20 And he led thee in the way of his father: he was not, and he was not, and he was not afraid of what he had done, so that he might do the same thing with the eyes of the LORD.
33: 20 But your fathers, the people of the people, are not afraid, and the people of the people are not; they have not given their hearts to them, neither are their fathers, nor their fathers.
34: 20 And the rest of the people of Israel spoke to Jehoshaphat, the firstborn, the last, and the last, saying, Behold, they are writing in the words of the LORD, saying, Behold, son-son of Hanan, I am the son of Aaron, the son of Aaron, the son of Eli, the son of Chen, the son of Aaron, the son of Ahasaph, the king of Israel.
35: 20 And after that, Jehoashop, the son of Jehoiashaphat, came out of thee, O Yahweh, because they were my brethren, because they were the children of Israel, but the LORD had given them permission to do what they wanted.
36: 20 And his friends made him with him, to do the work of mine, so that I might go down to the throne of the tree of the sea, and they made it, and I gave it to me, and put it in my hands;
37: 20 Itnb֞a Alia֤zr Bn-ddo֙ho֙ Mm֣rs֔h Al-ihosf֖t Lam֑r Chֽthbrc֣ Am-ahzi֗ho Fr֤tz Ihoh֙ Aֽt-mas֔ic and Isbr֣o Ani֔ot and L֥a Atzr֖o Ll֥ct Al-trsֽis:
‪xxxx  Chapter 21   (20 verses)‬
1:21 21 And Jacob dwelt with Jehoshaphat, with his father, and was with him, and dwelt with his father, that they were not in the midst of the fire of David, and they were full of you, because Jehovah was with them;
2: 21 And the sons of the sons of Jehoiash, the son of Jehoshaphat, of Azariah, of Judah, and of Yahweh, of Zechariah, of Judah, and of Azariah, of him, and of Mechiel, and of his judges, all of them, and of him, son of Jehoshaphat, of Meziel-Yisra'el of Israel.
3: 21 And they gave themselves to them, and they came to them, and they went to the house, and they went to the house of the king, and they went to the house of the king, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they came to them.
4:21 And he rose up, and he rose up to them with his father's father, and he took him away, and took away all his brethren, and they were with them, and they were full of them, so that they might be saved.
5:21 21 The son of Shiloh, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed: they were destroyed in the midst of his kingdom, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, because they were not destroyed in the city of Yerushalayim.
6: 21 And he went into the land of the land of the land of the land of Israel, and as a result of the land of Asherah, the son of Asah, the son of Ahath, the son of Ahadai, the daughter of Ahath, the father of Ahath, the daughter of Ahath, the wife of Ishmael, the wife of Ishmael, was married to Leah.
7: 21 And the father, the LORD, was not able to destroy the daughter of David, because of the wickedness of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel.
8: 21 In his days was Pashah the man of Edom, and he died of the hand of Yahweh, and he was full of them, and they gave him up over them, because they were with you.
9:21 And Jehoram the son of Yֹֽ֤֤֤֤֤֤֤֤֤֤֤֤ ֤֙֔֙֙֙֙֙֙ ֤֙-֔֔ ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ה ה ה ה ה ֖֔֔ ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ש ש ש ש ש ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ר֣֑֑֑ ל ל ל ל ל ה ה ה
10: 21 And the people of Judah were destroyed, because the hand of Yahweh was on them, because it was the day of the LORD, and this is what is going on, and this is what is happening to us, because this is what is happening, because it is the hand of God, because it is not possible to destroy God, because God is with you, because his father is his father.
11: 21 And Moses did not make a covenant with him, but he went out in the midst of the mountains. Jehoahadah, and he was the keeper of the house, and he returned to them, and Jerashlai was there, and he brought Judah to Judah.
12: 21 Ib֤a Alio֙ Mct֔b Mֽali֥ho Hnb֖ia Lam֑r C֣h | Am֣r Iho֗h Alhi֙ Do֣id Ab֔ic T֗ht As֤r Lֽa-hl֙ct֙ Bdrci֙ Ihosf֣t Ab֔ic and Bdrc֖i As֥a Mֽlc-ihodֽh:
13: 21 T֗lc Bd֙rc֙ Mlc֣i Isra֔l and Tzn֤h At-ihodh֙ and At-isb֣i Irosl֔m Chzn֖ot B֣it Aha֑b and G֨m At-ah֧ic Bit-ab֛ic Htob֥im Mmc֖ Hrֽgt:
14: 21 Behold, the LORD, O LORD, is a great prophet, a mighty man, your greatness, your son, and your son, and your son, and all your wealth.
15: 21 And thou shalt be in the midst of the tents, and multiply in the midst of thy life, thy wrath, until thou hast come out of thy mouth, because thou art of the heat of my tents.
16: 21 And the LORD, the LORD, was angry with the LORD, but they were not satisfied with the Philistines, and they were fighting against them, but as the people of Israel went up, they were defeated.
17: 21 Ial֤o Bֽihodh֙ and Ibka֔oh and Isb֗o A֤t Cl-hrcos֙ Hnmtz֣a Lbit-hm֔lc and Gm-bn֖io and Ns֑io and L֤a Nsar-lo֙ B֔n C֥i Am-ihoah֖z Kt֥n Bnֽio:
18: 21 And after that all the people of his flock came to him, and the LORD said to him, 'Come to me, let him go to the house of the LORD.'
19: 21 Ih֣i Lim֣im | Mim֡im and Cat֩ Tz֨at Hk֜tz Lim֣im Sn֗im Itza֤o Maio֙ Am-hli֔o and I֖mt Bthla֣im Ra֑im and La-a֨so L֥o Am֛o Srf֖h Csrf֥t Abtֽio:
20: 21 Bn-sls֤im and St֙im֙ Hi֣h Bmlc֔o and Smon֣h Sn֔im Ml֖c Birosl֑m and I֙lc֙ Bl֣a Hmd֔h and ֽikbr֙ho֙ Ba֣ir Do֔id and L֖a Bkbr֥ot Hmlcֽim:
‪xxxx  Chapter 22   (12 verses)‬
1: 22 and Imlico֩ Iosb֨i Irosl֜m At-ahzi֨ho Bn֤o Hktn֙ Tht֔io C֤i Cl-hrasnim֙ Hr֣g Hgd֔od Hb֥a Bֽarb֖im Lֽmhn֑h and Iml֛c Ahzi֥ho Bn-ihor֖m M֥lc Ihodֽh: P.
2:22 22 The son of Arba'im, who was with him two years, and his brothers, were with him in Malch, and his wife, and they were married to them, and the children of the tribe of Amor,
3:22 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt go down in thy way: behold, thou shalt not be angry with him: for if his mother beheld him, he shall give him his counsel.
4: 22 And he did that which was in the mind of the LORD, because he was like the king of Ahahab, because he was afraid of him, and he was afraid of him.
5: 22 G֣m Batztm֮ Hlc֒ and Ilc֩ At-ihor֨m Bn-aha֜b M֣lc Isra֗l Lmlhm֛h Al-hza֥l Mֽlc-ar֖m Brm֣ot Gla֑d and Ic֥o Hֽrm֖im At-iorֽm:
6: 22 and I֜sb Lhtrf֣a Bizra֗al C֤i Hmcim֙ As֣r Hc֣ho Bֽrm֔h Bhl֣hm֔o At-hzha֖l M֣lc Ar֑m and Azri֨ho Bn-ihor֜m M֣lc Ihod֗h Ir֡d Lra֞ot At-ihor֧m Bn-aha֛b Bizra֖al Ci-hl֥h Hֽoa:
7: 22 and Mֽalh֗im Hith֙ Tbos֣t Ahzi֔ho Lb֖oa Al-ior֑m and Bba֗o Itz֤a Am-ihorm֙ Al-ih֣oa Bn-nms֔i As֣r Msh֣o Iho֔h Lhcr֖it At-b֥it Ahaֽb:
8: 22 And it came to pass, when the people of Israel came to the house of Jehu, and Jehoiada came out, and the son of Jehoiada came to him, and the children of Judah were with him, and the sons of Israel were with him, and they were afraid of their brethren, and they were afraid of them.
9: 22 and Ibks֩ At-ahzi֨ho and ֽilcd֜ho and H֧oa Mthb֣a Bsֽmr֗on and Iba֣ho Al-ihoa֮ and Imtho֒ and ֽikbr֔ho C֤i Aֽmro֙ Bn-ihosf֣t H֔oa Asr-dr֥s At-iho֖h Bcl-lbb֑o and Ain֙ Lb֣it Ahzi֔ho Latz֥r C֖h Lmmlcֽh:
10: 22 And I will bring him up, and I will bring him forth: for my brother, behold, I have seen him, that is, so that I may not be with thee, and thou shalt be vengeful, and multiply all the trouble of the kingdom, even unto the children of Yahweh,
11: 22 Tkh֩ Ihosba֨t Bt-hm֜lc At-ioa֣s Bn-ahzi֗ho and Tgn֤b Ato֙ Mt֤oc Bnֽi-hm֙lc֙ Hm֣omt֔im and Tt֥n At֛o and At-mֽinkt֖o Bhd֣r Hmt֑ot and Tstir֡ho Ihosba֣t Bt-hm֣lc Ihor֡m Ast֩ Ihoid֨a Hch֜n C֣i Hia֩ Hit֨h Ah֧ot Ahzi֛ho Mfn֥i Atli֖ho and L֥a Hmitֽtho:
12:22 And they were with them, and they were in the midst of the midst of the LORD, because they were not afraid, but they were afraid of them, and there was no need for them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 23   (21 verses)‬
1: 23 and Bsn֨h Hsba֜it Hthz֣k Ihoid֗a and Ik֣h At-sr֣i Hma֡ot Lazri֣ho Bn-irh֡m and Lisma֣al Bn-i֠hohnn and Lֽazri֨ho Bn-aob֜d and At-masi֧ho Bn-adi֛ho and At-alisf֥t Bn-zcr֖i Am֥o Bbrֽit:
2:23 And Jesus, the son of the son of Jehoiada, came to him, and took the Levites, all the children of Israel, to Jehovah, and to the children of Israel, and to the children of Israel, and to Israel, and to them, to the children of Israel.
And all the children of the children of Israel were in the midst of the children of Israel, and they said to them: Behold, the son of the king is your son;
4:23 And this is the commandment, which is as it is, that the people of the land shall return to the land, and they shall return to their land, and they shall return to their land, and they shall return to their land, and they shall return to their land, and they shall return to their land.
5:23 And the threescore was in the midst of the thine own, and the threescore, in the midst of the wickedness, and of all things, in the midst of trouble, and in the presence of the LORD his God.
6:23 And the children of the house of Yahweh came to the house of the LORD, so that the men of the sons of the LORD, the sons of the LORD, were with them, and the men of the house of the LORD were with them, and they were not given to them, because they were afraid of them, because they were afraid of them, and of them all,
7:23 And they surrounded him, and brought them to the house, and the people were with him, and all his children were in his hand, and the father came to him, and he brought him to the house, and he brought him to the house, and he brought him to his house, and came to him, and his words came out.
8: 23 and Ias֨o Hloi֜m and Cl-ihod֗h Cc֣l Asr-tzoh֮ Ihoid֣a Hchn֒ and Ikho֙ A֣is At-ans֔io Ba֣i Hsb֔t A֖m Iotza֣i Hsb֑t C֣i L֥a Ft֛r Ihoid֥a Hch֖n At-hֽmhlkֽot:
9:23 And the LORD gave it to him, saying, "Behold, I will go to the house of the sons of Israel, and I will bring the shields to you, and to the rulers, and to them, I will kill you, and I will go to you, David, and I will return to you."
10:23 And he took up all the people, and the man of the tribe, sending him into the hand of the king, and he gave him the gift of the inheritance, the inheritance of the king, even though he had given the inheritance to the LORD, and he gave it to the LORD, and he brought it to the house of the king.
11: 23 Iotz֣iao At-bn-hm֗lc and Itn֤o Alio֙ At-hn֙zr֙ and At-h֣ad֔ot and Iml֖ico At֑o and Imsh֙ho֙ Ihoid֣a and Bn֔io and Iamr֖o Ih֥i Hmֽlc: S.
12: 23 And the people of Israel went astray: they were the people of the people, but they were rebellious, and they were afraid of them, and they brought the king away, and they came to the house of the LORD.
13: 23 T֡ra and Hn֣h Hmlc֩ Aom֨d Aֽl-amod֜o Bmb֗oa and Hsr֣im and Hhtztzrot֮ Al-hmlc֒ and Cl-a֨m Ha֜rtz Sm֗h and Tok֙a֙ Bhtz֣tzr֔ot and Hmsֽorrim֙ Bcl֣i Hs֔ir and Modia֖im Lhl֑l and Tkr֤a Atli֙ho֙ At-bgd֔ih and T֖amr K֥sr Kֽsr: S.
14: 23 Iotza֩ Ihoid֨a Hch֜n At-sr֥i Hma֣ot | Fkod֣i Hh֗il and I֤amr Alhm֙ Hֽotzia֙oh֙ Al-mb֣it Hsdr֔ot and Hb֥a Ahr֖ih Iom֣t Bh֑rb C֚i Am֣r Hch֔n L֥a Tmit֖oh B֥it Ihoֽh:
15: 23 And he gave them up to him, and he gave them up to him, and he came to them, and he returned to the house of the king, and he returned to the land of Samaria, and returned to the house of the king, and led him to die.
16:23 23 And the LORD, the Lord, was ashamed of the children of the children of Israel, and they were not all the children, and they came to the house of the king, and they came to them, and they went to them, to Yahweh.
17: 23 And all the children of the house came to the house of Baal-el-Yisrael, and they gave him his bread, and his sacrifices, his food, and his food, and they returned to him, and they returned to him, so that they could return to him, and they would not go down.
18: 23 Ism֩ Ihoid֨a Fkd֜t B֣it Iho֗h Bi֨d Hchn֣im Hloim֮ As֣r Hl֣k Doid֮ Al-b֣it Ihoh֒ Lֽhal֞ot Al֣ot Iho֗h Cct֛ob Btor֥t Ms֖h Bsmh֣h and Bs֑ir A֖l Id֥i Doֽid:
19: 23 And the people of the tribe of Heshon, who were in the midst of the land of the land of Israel, came to the house of Yahweh, and the Lord of the Worlds came to them.
20: 23 Ik֣h At-sr֣i Hma֡ot and At-hֽadirim֩ and At-hmֽosl֨im Ba֜m and A֣t | Cl-a֣m Ha֗rtz and I֤ord At-hm֙lc֙ Mb֣it Iho֔h and Ib֛ao Btֽoc-s֥ar Hֽali֖on B֣it Hm֑lc and Ios֙ibo֙ At-hm֔lc A֖l Cs֥a Hmmlcֽh:
21:23 23 And he rejoiced, and all the people of the land went out, and the fire was quiet, and the people were afraid of him, and they brought him to the house of the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 24   (27 verses)‬
1: 24 The son of Shepherd, because of two years, he was in the midst of his kingdom, and four hundred and thirty, and he was his wife, because they were not in the house of the wicked, but because of them, their mother, his mother, gave him strength, and he returned to him in the midst of the land of Sheba.
2: 24 And the servant of Josiah, the son of Israel, rose up in the eyes of the LORD, the LORD, all of them, all of them, Yahweh;
3: 24 And Jehoah said unto him, Behold, the children of Israel shall be destroyed, and the children shall be born, and they shall be born.
4: 24 And there was another man behind thee, that was with him, that he was with Judah, and he brought the house of the LORD to Yahweh.
5: 24 and Ikbtz֮ At-hchn֣im and Hloim֒ and I֣amr Lh֡m Tza֣o Lar֪i Ihod֟h and Kbtzo֩ Mcl-isra֨l C֜sf Lhz֣k | At-b֣it Alֽhic֗m Md֤i Snh֙ Bsn֔h and At֖m Tmhr֣o Ldb֑r and L֥a Mֽhr֖o Hֽloiֽm:
6: 24 and Ikr֣a Hmlc֮ Lֽihoid֣a Hras֒ and I֣amr L֗o Md֙oa֙ Lֽa-dr֣st Al-hloi֔m Lhb֞ia Mֽihod֣h and Mֽirosl֗m At-msat֙ Ms֣h Aֽbd-iho֔h and Hkh֖l Lisra֑l La֖hl Hadֽot:
7: 24 For now I have gone to the house of the LORD, and the inheritance of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the people of the house of God, and also of all the sanctity of the house, the house of the LORD, and of the people of Israel.
8: 24 And the Lord said unto thee, Behold, thou shalt bring up the fire, and bring it to the house of the LORD, and bring it to the house of the LORD.
9: 24 And they gave unto him, and they were in the house of the LORD, and they were in the house of the LORD, and they were in the house of Mordecai, the son of Mordecai, the son of Mordecai.
10:24 And all the men of the men were glad, and all the people were angry, and they brought him to the land, and they came to him, and to Aaron, until they all came to her.
11: 24 Ih֡i Bat֩ Ib֨ia At-hֽar֜on Al-fkd֣t Hmlc֮ Bi֣d Hloim֒ and Craot֞m Ci-r֣b Hc֗sf and B֨a Sof֤r Hm֙lc֙ and Fkid֙ Ch֣n Hr֔as and Ia֙ro֙ At-h֣ar֔on and Isa֖ho and ֽisib֣ho Al-mkm֑o C֤h Aso֙ Li֣om | Bi֔om and Iֽasfo-c֖sf Lrֽb:
12: 24 Itn֨ho Hm֜lc and ֽihoid֗a Al-aosh֙ Ml֙act֙ Abod֣t Bit-iho֔h and Iֽhi֤o Scrim֙ Htzb֣im and Hrs֔im Lhd֖s B֣it Iho֑h and ֠gm Lhrs֤i Brzl֙ and Nh֔st Lhz֖k At-b֥it Ihoֽh:
13: 24 וֽיּעֲעׂו֙ו עֹש֣֣י הממללאכא֔ק֔ה והממללאכא֛ק֔ה֛הללאכלאכא֛ק֛ה לממָלאכא֖ק֖ה ביי֑ד֑םם וֽיּעֲמ֜מ֜דו את-בת-בב֧ה ההֽה אֱלתת-בב֧ת ההֽהֽה אֱל֛הו֛ם עלל-ממ- מתתככננ֖ת֖ה וֽאאמצצֽוֽהו:
14: 24 ֽcclot֡m Hb֣iao Lfni֩ Hm֨lc and ֽihoid֜a At-sa֣r Hc֗sf and Ias֨ho Cl֤im Lbit-ihoh֙ Cl֣i Sr֔t and Hal֣ot and Cf֔ot and Cl֥i Zh֖b and C֑sf and ֠iֽhio Mal֨im Al֤ot Bbit-ihoh֙ Tm֔id C֖l Im֥i Ihoidֽa: P.
15: 24 And Jehoazen, Jehoiada, came back, and he returned to the house of Yamim, and Nimmo, son of Maאa, and three hundred of them, slept with him in his houses.
16: 24 And they buried him in the city of David, and with the people of the kingdoms, so that they did not do good things in the children of Israel, and when the LORD came to them, they came to the house of the LORD.
17: 24 And after the rest of my life I shall die, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, O LORD, O Israel, O Yahweh, O LORD, and I will give you peace, and I will go to you, and I will go to you, and I will go with you to them.
18: 24 And Boaz went to the house of the LORD, saying, "Behold, the LORD is with him, and his fathers are not their servants, and they are the servants of the captives, and the people of the people are oppressed, and the people of Israel are in the hands of Yahweh, and the people of Israel are not ashamed of them, because they are guilty of their crimes."
19: 24 And their hearts were filled, and they were brought up to return to them, but they were not with them, but the LORD was with them, and they gave them to their children, and they did not take possession of them.
20: 24 R֣oh Alh֗im Lֽbsh֙ At-zcrih֙ Bn-ihoid֣a Hch֔n and ֽiam֖d Ma֣l La֑m and I֨amr Lh֜m C֣h | Am֣r Halh֗im Lmh֩ At֨m Abr֜im At-mtzoֺ֤t Ihoh֙ and L֣a Ttzl֔iho Cֽi-azbt֥m At-iho֖h and Iֽaz֥b Atcֽm:
21: 24 And his strength was overcome, and he was angry with him, and his son was in the midst of the commandment of the king, in the midst of the fire, the LORD was with her.
22: 24 And it was not yet that he had given up the land of the land of the land of Asad, the land of Ashar, and his father, and his fathers, and his sons, and his sons, and his sons, and his sons,
23: 24 Ih֣i | Ltkof֣t Hsn֗h Al֣h Alio֮ H֣il Arm֒ and Ib֗ao Al-ihodh֙ and Ir֣osl֔m and Ish֛ito At-cl-sr֥i Ha֖m Ma֑m and Cl-sll֥m Slh֖o Lm֥lc Drmֽsk:
24: 24 Ci֩ Bmtza֨r Ans֜im B֣ao | H֣il Ar֗m and ֽihoh֙ Nt֨n Bid֥m H֙il֙ Lr֣b Ma֔d C֣i Aֽzb֔o At-iho֖h Alh֣i Abotih֑m and At-ioa֖s As֥o Sftֽim:
25: 24 Blct֣m Mm֗no Cֽi-azb֣o Ato֮ * Bmhliim ** Bmhloi֣m Rbim֒ Htksr֨o Al֜io Abd֗io Bdmi֙ Bni֙ Ihoid֣a Hch֔n and Iֽhrg֥ho Al-mtt֖o and Im֑t and ֽikbr֙ho֙ Ba֣ir Do֔id and L֥a Kbr֖ho Bkbr֥ot Hmlcֽim: S.
26: 24 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not raise up the children of his son, but the son of Shammath, the son of Ammonah, and the son of Shammar, and the son of Shimshon, the daughter of the Mahabites.
27: 24 And his son, his son, and his son, were the sons of the LORD, and they were destroyed; but the LORD was with them, and they were not with them, as they were writing unto the children of Midar, and the people of Mesopotamia were destroyed, and they were full of you;
‪xxxx  Chapter 25   (28 verses)‬
1:25 25 A son of ten years, and two hundred years of age, because thou hast done all his affairs, and he hath made them captive, and they have been satisfied, that they have been saved, and that they have been destroyed in the city of Jerusalem, and that their nation hath made them a nation of their own.
2: 25 And the one who did the thing went astray in the eyes of the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the One, and the One who is with them.
3:25 And he came, and as he was burning, he gave up his money, and he gave up his work, and he took away the servant's servants, so that they could destroy the king, because they were his father.
4: 25 At-bnih֖m L֣a Hm֑it C֣i Cct֣ob Btor֡h Bs֣fr Msh֩ Asr-tzo֨h Iho֜h Lam֗r La-im֨oto Ab֤ot Al-bnim֙ and Bnim֙ La-im֣oto Al-ab֔ot C֛i A֥is Bhta֖o Imֽoto: P.
5: 25 Ikb֤tz Amtzi֙ho֙ At-ihod֔h and Iֽamid֣m Lbit-ab֗ot Lsr֤i Halfim֙ and Lsr֣i Hma֔ot Lcl-ihod֖h and Bnim֑n and ֽifkd֗m Lmb֨n Asr֤im Snh֙ and M֔alh and Imtza֗m Sls-ma֨ot A֤lf Bhor֙ Iotz֣a Tzb֔a Ah֖z R֥mh and Tznֽh:
6: 25 And he rose up out of Israel, and went down from the sea, and he came up to him, and he rebuked him, saying, Behold, when thou comest, thou shalt lie down like a vineyard.
7:25 And the man of God came to him, saying, Behold, I am not with him, nor am I the son of thy father, nor thy son, nor thy son, nor thy son, nor thy son, nor thy son, nor the children of Israel;
8: 25 For if, if thou hast come, thou shalt do it, and go forth to the sword, and thy sword shall come to thee: for the LORD hath given thee strength, and he hath given it to the LORD, and he hath given it to the LORD.
9: 25 and I֤amr Amtzi֙ho֙ La֣is Halh֔im and Mֽh-lasot֙ Lma֣t Hcc֔r As֥r Nt֖ti Lgd֣od Isra֑l and I֙amr֙ A֣is Hֽalh֔im I֚s Lֽiho֔h L֥tt Lc֖ Hrb֥h Mzֽh:
10:25 And they took him away, and took him away to him, and he went to him, and he went to him, and he returned to them, and he went to the place of them, and they were not in their place, and they were very much afraid of them, and they were in their midst, and they were in their place.
11: 25 And he took him to him, and he took him away, and took away his people, and he brought you to the house of the king, and he brought you the sons of the house of the people of Esau, who made the land of Eliph.
12: 25 And he made the ark of Elaph, the living of the Levites, the sons of Israel, Yahweh, the LORD, and brought them to the house of the Lord, the Lord of the Sages, and the Lord of the Sages, and the king of the land, and the people of the land.
13: 25 Bn֣i Hgd֗od As֨r Hs֤ib Amtzi֙ho֙ Ml֤ct Amo֙ Lmlhm֔h and ֽifsto֙ Bar֣i Ihod֔h Msmr֖on and Ad-b֣it Hor֑on and Ic֤o Mhm֙ Sl֣st Alf֔im and Ib֖zo Bz֥h Rbֽh: S.
14: 25 Ih֗i Ahr֨i B֤oa Amtzi֙ho֙ Mֽhc֣ot At-adom֔im and Ib֗a At-alhi֙ Bn֣i Sa֔ir and Iֽamid֥m L֖o Lalh֑im and Lfnih֥m Iֽstho֖h and Lh֥m Iktֽr:
15:25 And Jehoar-e-Joffe, the son of Yahweh, brought him to Amaziah, and his sons, to him, and to him, and to him, he said to him, "Why are you saying that I have not seen God?" "Behold, I will not take them away, but they will not take away their people from your hand."
16: 25 Ih֣i | Bdbr֣o Al֗io and I֤amr Lo֙ Hlioa֤tz Lm֙lc֙ Ntn֔oc Hdl-lc֖ L֣mh Ic֑oc and Ihd֣l Hnb֗ia and I֙amr֙ Id֗ati Cֽi-ia֤tz Alhim֙ Lhshit֔c Cֽi-as֣it Z֔at and L֥a Sm֖at Latztֽi: P.
17: 25 And his mother, Amaziah, came to him, and said to him, O son of Jehoiah, son of Jehoah, son of Jehoiah, son of Yahweh, is there a son of Israel, that is, a son of Israel?
18: 25 Isl֞h Ioa֣s Mֽlc-isra֗l Al-amtzi֣ho Mֽlc-ihodh֮ Lamr֒ Hh֜oh As֣r Blbn֗on S֠lh Al-ha֜rz As֤r Blbnon֙ Lam֔r Tnֽh-at-btc֥ Lbn֖i Las֑h and ֽtab֞r Hi֤t Hsdh֙ As֣r Blbn֔on and Trm֖s At-hhֽoh:
19: 25 Am I the LORD, who is the LORD, and the LORD is your God, and the LORD is your servant, and the LORD is your God, and he is the LORD, and the LORD is your God.
20: 25 And I will not let my people fear him, because they are afraid of God, but they are not in the midst of death, but they are in their midst, because they are not, but they are the people of God, but God is the God of them.
21: 25 And the people of Israel went astray, and the people of Israel saw it, and they saw it; they turned away from it, and they took it away, and they took it away from it, because it was in Judah, because it was in the midst of the sixth month.
22: 25 And the sword of Yahweh came, but it was before me, that I saw Israel, and they were defeated, and the people of Israel were afraid of their tents.
23: 25 At֩ Amtzi֨ho Mֽlc-ihod֜h Bn-ioa֣s Bn-ihoah֗z Tf֛s Ioa֥s Mֽlc-isra֖l Bb֣it S֑ms and Ibia֙ho֙ Ir֣osl֔m and Ifr֞tz Bhom֣t Irosl֗m Ms֤ar Afr֙im֙ Ad-s֣ar Hfon֔h Arb֥a Ma֖ot Amֽh:
24: 25 Cֽl-hzh֣b and Hc֡sf and A֣t Cl-h֠clim Hnmtza֨im Bbit-halh֜im Am-ab֣d Ad֗om and At-atzrot֙ B֣it Hm֔lc and A֖t Bn֣i Htֽarb֑ot and I֖sb Smrֽon: P.
25: 25 And Jehoiah the son of Josiah, the son of Yoash, was in Judah, the son of Joash, the son of Jehoiah, the son of Jehoiah, the son of Jehoiah, the son of Jehoiah, the son of Jehoah, the son of Jehoshah.
26: 25 And the rest of the people said, "Behold, I will make the people, the first and the last, the last, and the last, they will not die, as they are writing on the scepter of the kings of Yahweh, and they shall be saved."
27: 25 Ma֗t Asr-s֤r Amtzi֙ho֙ Mahr֣i Iho֔h and Iksr֨o Al֥io K֛sr Birosl֖m and I֣ns Lc֑ish and Islh֤o Ahrio֙ Lc֔ish and Imit֖ho Sֽm:
28: 25 And they lifted him up against the threshing board, and he came to him, and his wife was with him, and his father was with him, because he was afraid of the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 26   (23 verses)‬
1:26 And Jehuda took all the children of Yahweh, and brought Boaz to him, and behold, he was a son of six children, and he was nine years old, and he was full of him, and he gave him his inheritance, because his father was with him, and his father was with him.
2: 26 Behold, behold, the son of the son of Elijah came to him; and he returned to him, and he returned to him, and he returned after him. Then he went back to the house of the king, and went with him to the house of his father.
3: 26 The son of Shesh was twelve years old, and the people of Uziah were in the midst of the kingdom, and they were five hundred years old, and they had been destroyed, because they had been destroyed, and they had not yet been rebelled against them, and their nation had destroyed them.
4: 26 And the servant of the Levites was ashamed of the eyes of the LORD, because he was like that which he had done, but his father had given him up.
5: 26 And there was a time when God was afraid of him, but in the day of his life he remembered his memory, and the people of the house of God saw him, and in the days of his life the LORD gave him strength, and the LORD gave him strength.
6:26 26 And when the men of Judah came, they were in the midst of the plagues, and they broke up the law of the children of Israel, and the people of Judah, and the children of Judah, and they built the cities of Arad in the wilderness, and in the Pelashtah,
7:26 And Ozerh his father, the God of God, went up against the Pharisees, and went up against the Arabs, and the people of the land were still in the midst of the wilderness, and the people were troubled.
8: 26 And they gave him bread, and they gave him bread, and he gave it to Boaz, because he was with him, and his name went on before his heart, because he was thirsty for him, because he had not taken possession of it for his own sake.
9: 26 And the sons of Uzziah, the sons of Gedolim, reigned in the city of Bir-ha-Shushul, and the people of Bashan, and Zerah, the son of Zerah, and Zachariah, and Hagar, and Zach, and Zach, and Zach,
10: 26 I֨bn Mgdl֜im Bmdb֗r and Ihtzb֙ Br֣ot Rb֔im C֤i Mknh-rb֙ H֣ih L֔o and Bsfl֖h and Bmis֑or Acr֣im and Cֽrm֗im Bhrim֙ and Bcrm֔l Cֽi-ah֥b Adm֖h Hiֽh: S.
11: 26 Ih֣i Lazi֡ho Hil֩ As֨h Mlhm֜h Iotza֧i Tzb֣a Lgd֗od Bmsfr֙ Fkdt֔m Bid֙ * Iaoal ** Iaia֣l Hsof֔r and Masi֖ho Hsot֑r A֚l Id-hnni֔ho Msr֖i Hmֽlc:
12:26 So the chief of the family, the fathers, the fathers, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty;
13: 26 And upon the children of Hilel, Zabo, the tribe of Ishmael, was there a hundred thousand, and seven thousand, and seven thousand, and five hundred, five hundred, seven hundred, fifty cubits, one hundred cubits, one hundred cubits, one hundred cubits, one hundred cubits, one hundred cubits;
14: 26 And they, behold, they were the children of the tribe of Israel, all of the people of the tribe: they were not defenders, and they were rulers, and they were evil, and the serpents, and the serpents, and the priests, and the children, and the children of the land.
15: 26 I֣as | Birosl֨m Hsbn֜ot Mhs֣bt Hos֗b Lhi֤ot Al-hmgdlim֙ and Al-hfn֔ot Liroa֙ Bֽhtz֔im and Babn֖im Gdl֑ot and Itz֤a Smo֙ Ad-lm֣rh֔ok Cֽi-hfl֥ia Lhaz֖r A֥d Cֽi-hzֽk:
16:26 And when he was strong, he went up to him, and his heart went on, until he came to the threshing floor, and he came to the house of the LORD, and his God came to him, and came to the house of the king, the LORD, and to him, to bring forth the light of the seed of the seed.
17: 26 And his sons returned to him, and they returned to him, and they were with him, so that they might go down with him, and with him were the priests, and they were the children of the children of Israel.
18: 26 Iamd֞o Al-azi֣ho Hm֗lc and I֤amro Lo֙ La-lc֣ Azi֗ho Lhktir֙ Lֽiho֔h C֣i Lchn֧im Bni-ahr֛n Hmkds֖im Lhkt֑ir Tz֤a Mn-hmkds֙ C֣i Ma֔lt and Lֽa-lc֥ Lcb֖od Miho֥h Alhֽim:
19: 26 Izaf֙ Azi֔ho and Bid֥o Mkt֖rt Lhkt֑ir and Bzaf֣o Am-hchn֗im and ֠htzrat Zrh֨h Bmtzh֜o Lfn֤i Hcֽhnim֙ Bb֣it Iho֔h Ma֖l Lmzb֥h Hktֽrt:
20: 26 I֣fn Al֡io Azriho֩ Ch֨n Hr֜as and Cl-hchn֗im and Hnh-h֤oa Mtzra֙ Bmtzh֔o and Ibhl֖oho Ms֑m and Gm-hoa֙ Ndh֣f Ltz֔at C֥i Nga֖o Ihoֽh:
21: 26 Ihi֩ Azi֨ho Hm֜lc Mtzr֣a | Ad-i֣om Mot֗o and I֜sb B֤it * Look ** Hֽhfsit֙ Mtzr֔a C֥i Ngz֖r Mb֣it Iho֑h and Iot֤m Bno֙ Al-b֣it Hm֔lc Sof֖t At-a֥m Haֽrtz:
22: 26 And the rest of the people of the wilderness spoke to him: "The people of the LORD are the first and the last, and the last one is the one who has lost his life." The son of Ammon, the son of Abraham, is the son of Abraham.
23: 26 Isc֨b Azi֜ho Am-abt֗io and Ikbr֨o At֤o Am-abtio֙ Bsd֤h Hkborh֙ As֣r Lmlc֔im C֥i Amr֖o Mtzor֣a H֑oa and Iml֛c Iot֥m Bn֖o Thtֽio: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 27   (9 verses)‬
1:27 27 A son of ten years, and five hundred years of age, they were numbered in the kingdom of his people, and sixteen years of age, which were the days of their generations, because of their wickedness, and because of their wickedness, his mother, his wife, was born to him, daughter of Zechok.
2: 27 And the servant of the Israelites was in the midst of the eyes of the LORD, the LORD, and of the children of Israel, as he had done, and he had made his father, his father, the father of him, the LORD, the son of the king, and the king of Judah.
3: 27 And behold, the sons of the house of the LORD were raised in the house of the LORD, and they were in the house of the LORD, and they were in the heat of the house of darkness;
4: 27 And the sons of the sons of Judah were raised up in the mountains of Yahweh, and they were in the midst of the fire, and the sons of Israel were in me, and the firemen were among them, and they were great.
5: 27 and ֠hoa Nlh֞m Am-m֣lc Bni-amon֮ and Ihz֣k Alihm֒ and Itno-l֨o Bnֽi-am֜on Bsn֣h Hh֗ia Mah֙ Ccr-c֔sf and As֨rt Alf֤im Crim֙ Ht֔im and Saor֖im As֣rt Alf֑im Z֗at Hs֤ibo Lo֙ Bn֣i Am֔on S. Bsn֥h Hsn֖it and Hslsֽit:
6: 27 And they shall be humbled, yea, for they are not, for they are not prepared for thy way, but they shall come before me: the LORD is the God of his God.
7: 27 And they shall speak to them, and they shall be destroyed, and all their wars shall be destroyed, and their ways shall be as they are, and they shall be numbered according to the scepter of the king.
8: 27 And Ben-Asher was five years old, and he was there in the kingdom of Israel, and sixteen years of age, which were the days of the generations of you in Jerusalem,
9: 27 And he dwelt among the dead with his father, and he came to him, and he buried his wife, and gave him up to the house of David, and he came to him, and he returned to his brother, and his son was there.
‪xxxx  Chapter 28   (27 verses)‬
1: 28 And the son of Assar, he was seven years old, and he was sixteen years old, and he was sixteen years old, and his wife was not there, and he was not in the house of the children of Israel; and he did not do anything to the LORD, because he was in the eyes of the LORD, because he was like the hand of his father.
2: 28 And he walked in the way of the king: and he slew them, and the people of Israel went astray, and they went out into the wilderness, and made them flee to the land of Israel.
3: 28 And behold, the children of the children of the sons of Hanan were angry with them, and their sons were dismayed, and they came to the house of the captives, the mighty ones, the mighty men of the people, who were in the midst of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Son of Israel, and the people of Israel.
4: 28 And he brought in the fire, and cut it down in the wilderness, and went into the wilderness, and all the trees were broken, and they ran away from them.
5: 28 ֽitn֜ho LORD Alhio֮ Bi֣d M֣lc Arm֒ and I֨co-b֔o and Isb֤o Mm֙no֙ Sbi֣h Gdol֔h and Ib֖iao Drm֑sk and ֠gm Bid-m֤lc Isral֙ Nt֔n and Ic-b֖o Mc֥h Gdolֽh: S.
6: 28 And Hagar the son of Pharisees took the son of Ramlai, and he took him away from the house of Yahweh, because he was with me, and they were in the house of the children of Israel, so that the children of the children of Israel were in the midst of the land, and they brought the children of the house to death.
7: 28 And behold, there was a wall of glory, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and a wall, and a wall, and a porch, and a porch, and a porch.
8: 28 And they dwelt among the children of Israel; and they were not numbered of their brethren, yet they were men; but they were not men; they were sons; and they were sons of men; and they were not afraid of them; and they rebelled against them, and they took away their wives; and they brought them to the land of Samaria.
9: 28 ֠sm Hi֨h Nb֥ia Lֽihoh֮ Ad֣d Smo֒ and Itz֗a Lfn֤i Htzba֙ Hb֣a Lsmr֔on and I֣amr Lh֗m H֠nh Bhm֨t Iho֧h Alhֽi-abotic֛m Al-ihod֖h Ntn֣m Bidc֑m and Tֽhrgo-b֣m Bz֔af A֥d Lsm֖im Hgֽia:
10: 28 And when the children of Judah came to Jehoahodah, they came to them, and they rose up to them, and they did not come, but they did not say, and they did not return to the house of the servants of Labad, nor to the Levites, nor to them, nor to them, but to them.
11: 28 And when I heard it, I heard my voice, and the voice of my heart, that I may return to you, that I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
12: 28 Ik֨mo Ans֜im Mras֣i Bnֽi-afr֗im Azri֤ho Bn-ihֽohnn֙ Brci֣ho Bn-mslm֔ot and ֽihzki֙ho֙ Bn-sl֔m and Ams֖a Bn-hdl֑i Al-hba֖im Mn-htzbֽa:
13: 28 Iamr֣o Lh֗m La-tb֤iao At-hsbih֙ H֔nh Ci֩ Lasm֨t Iho֤h Al֙ino֙ At֣m Amr֔im Lhs֥if Al-htat֖ino and Al-asmt֑ino Cֽi-rb֤h Asmh֙ L֔no and Hr֥on A֖f Al-israֽl: S.
14: 28 And Jezebub the son of Hilel made the captive captive again, and despised her, before the Syrians, and all the Kohlites.
15: 28 Ik֣mo Hansim֩ Asr-nkb֨o Bsm֜ot and Ihz֣iko Bsbi֗h and Cֽl-marmihm֮ Hlb֣iso Mn-hsll֒ and Ilbs֣om and ֠inalom and Iacl֨om and Isk֜om and Isc֗om and Inhl֤om Bhmrim֙ Lcl-cos֔l and Ibia֛om Irh֥o Air-htmr֖im A֣tzl Ahih֑m and Is֖obo Smrֽon: P.
16: 28 But this is what is in it, that is, what is the matter with you, that is, how are you, how are you? What is the meaning of that?
17: 28 And they went on, saying, Behold, be ye, and bring it to me, and behold it, that I may return.
18: 28 Flst֣im Fst֗o Bar֨i Hsfl֣h and Hngb֮ Lֽihodh֒ and ֽ֠ilcdo At-bֽit-s֨ms and At-ail֜on and At-hgdr֗ot and At-soc֤o and Bnot֙ih֙ and At-tmn֣h and Bnot֔ih and At-gmz֖o and At-bnt֑ih and Isb֖o Sֽm:
19: 28 When the children of Israel came down to Judah, they brought the Jews to the ground, and the people of Israel came to them, because the people of Israel were broken up, and the people of Judea, Samaria, and the Gaza Strip remained silent.
20: 28 And he gave up his strength, and glorified him, and he gave him the strength of his strength, and he gave him strength, and he gave strength to his strength, and his strength was not strengthened.
21: 28 When the people of Israel came to the land of Israel, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Son of Israel, and the people of the kingdom, came down to you, and sent them, and gave them to your inheritance, as they were converted, and they returned to Lazarus,
22: 28 And when he was thirsty, he came to him, and he turned away from him, saying, "Behold, he is with you, he is his daughter, and he is your servant."
23: 28 Izb֗h Lֽalh֣i Drmsk֮ Hmc֣im Bo֒ and I֗amr C֠i Alh֤i Mlcֽi-arm֙ H֚m Mazr֣im Aot֔m Lh֥m Azb֖h and Iazr֑oni and H֛m Hֽio-l֥o Lhcsil֖o and Lcl-israֽl:
24: 28 Ias֨f Ah֜z At-cl֣i Bit-hֽalh֗im and Iktztz֙ At-cl֣i Bit-hֽalh֔im and Isg֖r At-dlt֣ot Bit-iho֑h and I֨as L֧o Mzbh֛ot Bcl-fn֖h Biroslֽm:
25: 28 And in the midst of all the fire, and in the midst of the fire, behold, it is a witness, that he hath done unto the LORD, that he may cut down the rod of the LORD, and he shall not be afraid again: and he shall destroy the LORD, and he shall be his God, and his father shall be his father.
26: 28 And the words of his words were so great, and all his ways were long, the last and last, and they were not, as they were written on the scepter of the king, so that they might come to Judah, and they would be saved.
27: 28 Isc֨b Ah֜z Am-abt֗io and ֽikbr֤ho Bair֙ Bir֣osl֔m C֚i L֣a Hbia֔ho Lkbr֖i Mlc֣i Isra֑l and Iml֛c Ihzki֥hֽo Bn֖o Thtֽio: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 29   (36 verses)‬
1: 29 Yechaziah the son of the son of Abraham, the son of Asher and his wife, and the children of the tribe of Zechariah, his father, and his wife.
2: 29 And the one who did the thing went astray in the eyes of the LORD, because he was like that which was done by David, and his father was his father.
2: 29 The first day of the first month was the month of the reign of the king, and the first month of the month was the beginning of the month, when the generations of the LORD were destroyed, and the house of the LORD came to them, and they were in a state of strength.
4: 29 And he brought the priests and the Levites to them, and they turned their backs on them.
5: 29 And he said unto them, Hear ye that I hear, and I am my God; and I am the witness of the LORD; and I have sanctified him, and I have sanctified him, and I have brought the daughter of Yahweh to the house of God, and I will bring them to you, and I will bring them to the land.
6: 29 When the people of Israel rose up, they took away our food, and they did it, and they were afraid in the eyes of the LORD, O God, the God of our people, and the people of Israel have turned away from him, and they have turned away before them, from the land of the LORD, the LORD, and they have given us over.
7: 29 But they were not ashamed, but the people of the house of the children of Israel, and they brought down the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and not the children of Israel, were not raised up in the land of Israel.
8: 29 And there was a vengeance upon the LORD, the LORD, because they were against Judah, and they were against them, and their inheritance was for them, for they were thirsty, for they were thirsty, and they were thirsty, and they were not in their sight.
9: 29 And we, behold, we are afflicted, our fathers, our sons, our sons, and our children, and our wives, who are in captivity, are in the midst of adultery.
10: 29 And when the people of Libbeh were with him, so the LORD said unto them, Behold, the LORD is the God, the God of Israel, and the LORD is the one who is more beloved than his enemies.
11: 29 For the children of Israel have come to Israel, but they have not been able to do this, because they are in the midst of the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the One, and the Most High.
12: 29 Ik֣mo H֠loim M֣ht Bn-ams֞i and Ioa֣l Bn-azriho֮ Mn-bn֣i Hkhti֒ and Mn-bn֣i Mrr֔i K֚is Bn-abd֔i and Azri֖ho Bn-ihlla֑l and Mn-hg֣rsn֔i Ioah֙ Bn-zm֔h and A֖dn Bn-ioaֽh:
13: 29 And my son-in-law came to God, to Joseph, who was with me, and kept him safe. * And Joel, and Viיאa, and Shem-ב-בn son, and Asa֔֔f, זככרר֖י֖הּו, and מתתינֽיֽוּוּו.
14: 29 And of the sons of the children were the children of Judah, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Judah, the children of Judah, and of the tribe of Israel.
15: 29 And they will not give up their brethren, and they will be sanctified, and they will come to you, as the commandment of the king shall come upon you in the word of the LORD, and the LORD shall come to him, and the LORD shall come to him.
16: 29 Ib֣ao H֠chnim Lfn֣imh Bit-ihoh֮ Lthr֒ and Iotz֗iao A֤t Cl-htmah֙ As֤r Mֽtzao֙ Bhic֣l Iho֔h Lhtz֖r B֣it Iho֑h and ֽikblo֙ Hloi֔m Lhotz֥ia Lnֽhl-kdr֖on Hֽotzh:
17: 29 ֠ihlo Bah֞d Lh֣ds Hrason֮ Lkds֒ and Bi֧om Smon֣h Lh֗ds B֚ao Laol֣m Iho֔h and Ikds֥o At-bit-iho֖h Lim֣im Smon֑h and Bi֨om Ss֥h As֛r Lh֥ds Hras֖on Clֽo: S.
18: 29 Ib֤oao Fn֙imh֙ Al-hzki֣ho Hm֔lc and I֣amr֔o Th֖rno At-cl-b֣it Iho֑h At-mzb֤h Haolh֙ and At-cl-cl֔io and At-slh֥n Hֽmar֖ct and At-cl-clֽio:
19: 29 And all the things of all things, which is the seed of the inheritance, and the inheritance of your brother, is in the kingdom of his kingdom, and in the midst of his power, we have suffered, and the sanctity of our past, and they have been turned away before us, from the altar of Yahweh,
20: 29 And He gave strength to his strength, and he gave him strength, and he turned to him, and gave him the light of the flesh, so that he was bright, and he became angry with the LORD.
21: 29 Ib֣iao Frim-sbah֩ and Ail֨im Sba֜h and Cbs֣im Sba֗h and Tzfir֨i Az֤im Sbah֙ Lht֔at Al-hmmlc֥h and Al-hmkd֖s and Al-ihod֑h and I֗amr Lbn֤i Ahrn֙ Hc֣hn֔im Lhal֖ot Al-mzb֥h Ihoֽh:
22: 29 ֽishto֙ Hbk֔r and Ikbl֤o Hcֽhnim֙ At-hd֔m and ֽizrk֖o Hmzb֑hh and Isht֣o Hal֗im and Izrk֤o Hdm֙ Hmzb֔hh and ֽishto֙ Hcbs֔im and Izrk֥o Hd֖m Hmzbֽhh:
23: 29 And Hagiash, the son of Shapiro, came down to me, and hid him, and he brought him to me: and he brought him to the house, and the people of the land, and they were put to death, and their hands were upon them.
24: 29 And he slaughtered the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and all the people of Israel, and all the people of Israel.
25: 29 Iֽam֨d At-hloi֜m B֣it Iho֗h Bmtzlt֙im֙ Bnbl֣im and Bcnr֔ot Bmtzo֥t Do֛id and G֥d Hzֽh-hm֖lc and Nt֣n Hnb֑ia C֧i Bid-iho֛h Hmtzo֖h Bid-nbiaֽio: S.
26: 29 And it came to pass, that the children of the Levites were in the midst of all the children of David, and of the priests, in the midst of the burning of the trees.
27: 29 And Moses said to Hazekai, "Bring me up, I will bring you up to the house, and I will give you the inheritance, and I will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you."
28: 29 And all the things that were made of the flesh of the fire were burning, and the fire was shining from the heat, and the burning of the trees, and the trees, and the trees, and the trees, and the trees, and the trees, and the trees, and the trees, the trees, and the trees.
29: 29 And they were able to go up and down, and destroyed you, and all the people that were with you took him away, and he took his wife away.
30: 29 ֠iamr Ihzki֨ho Hm֤lc and Hsrim֙ Lloi֔m Lhll֙ Lֽiho֔h Bdbr֥i Do֖id and As֣f Hhz֑h and ֽihllo֙ Ad-lsmh֔h and ֽikd֖o and Iֽsthoֽo: P.
31: 29 I֨an Ihzki֜ho and I֗amr At֨h Mlat֤m Idcm֙ Liho֔h G֧so and Hb֛iao Zbh֥im and Tod֖ot Lb֣it Iho֑h and Ib֤iao Hkhl֙ Zbh֣im and Tod֔ot and Cl-nd֥ib L֖b Alֽot:
32: 29 And there came to me a number of souls, the people of the land, and the people of the tribe of Baqar, the tribe of Sheba, the people of Elijah, the inhabitants of the land, the inhabitants of Kibesh, the cities of Maath, the land of Judah, the Levites, the Levites, the Allah, and all of them.
33: 29 And the people of Kadesh returned to Baqar, but there were three hundred and fifty thousand, and the tribe of Shiloh was six thousand.
34: 29 R֤k Hcֽhnim֙ Hi֣o Lma֔t and L֣a Iֽcl֔o Lhfs֖it At-cl-hal֑ot and ֽihzk֞om Ahih֣m Hloi֗m Ad-cl֤ot Hmlach֙ and A֣d Itkds֣o Hcֽhn֔im C֤i Hloim֙ Isr֣i Lb֔b Lhtkd֖s Mֽhchnֽim:
And the house of the LORD came to her, and the house of Yahweh came to her, and she returned to the house of the LORD, and she returned to her.
36: 29 And he took up the inheritance of Jehoazek, the father of them, and all the people of the land, so that the people of the land were not numbered, because they were not in their midst, because they were in their mouth, because they were the children of the children.
‪xxxx  Chapter 30   (27 verses)‬
1: 30 and Isl֨h Ihzki֜ho Al-cl-isra֣l and ֽihod֗h and Gֽm-agrot֙ Ctb֙ Al-afr֣im and Mns֔h Lb֥oa Lbit-iho֖h Bֽirosl֑m Las֣ot F֔sh Liho֖h Alh֥i Israֽl:
2: 30 And his father, his wife, and his wife, and all the children of the tribe of Beirushalam, went to them to do the work of the house of the king in the midst of the year of the year.
3: 30 And when it came to pass, it was not possible for him to do this thing, but this is what the priests had done.
4: 30 And the Lord shall bear the light of the Lord, in the eyes of thy eyes, and upon thee, and in the eyes of all things.
5: 30 Iֽam֣ido Db֗r Lhab֨ir K֤ol Bcl-isral֙ Mbaֽr-s֣ba and Ad-d֔n Lb֞oa Las֥ot F֛sh Liho֥h Alhֽi-isra֖l Birosl֑m C֣i L֥a Lr֛b As֖o Cctֽob:
6: 30 Ilco֩ Hrtz֨im Bֽagr֜ot Mi֧d Hm֣lc and Sr֗io Bcl-isral֙ and ֽihod֔h and Cmtzo֥t Hm֖lc Lam֑r Bn֣i Isra֗l S֚obo [c] Al-iho֗h Alhi֙ Abrhm֙ Itzh֣k and Isra֔l and Isb֙ Al-hflit֔h Hnsa֣rt Lc֔m Mc֖f Mlc֥i Asֽor:
7: 30 And thou shalt not be with me, but as a father, I will give thee strength, and behold, I will give thee strength, and I will give it unto thee, O God, the LORD, the God of the LORD, the LORD, the God of God, and the Lord of the Father, and the Lord of the Father, the Lord of the heavens.
8: 30 At֕h Al-tks֥o Arfc֖m Cabotic֑m Tno-i֣d Liho֗h and B֤ao Lmkdso֙ As֣r Hkd֣is Laol֔m and Abdo֙ At-iho֣h Alhic֔m and Is֥b Mc֖m Hr֥on Afֽo:
9: 30 C֣i Bsobc֞m Al-iho֗h Ahic֨m and Bnic֤m Lrhmim֙ Lfn֣i Sֽobih֔m and Ls֖ob La֣rtz Hz֑at Cֽi-hn֤on and Rhom֙ LORD Alhic֔m and La-is֤ir Fnim֙ Mc֔m Am-ts֖obo Alֽio: P.
10: 30 And he said unto me, Behold, thou shalt go forth, and go forth from the land of the land of the land, and the land of the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
11: 30 But men are not men of men, and men of men, and men of gold, and of men, and of them, and of them, and of them, and of them, and of them, and of their inheritance.
12: 30 They were in Yahweh, but they were there, but the Lord God said to them, "The Lord is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord,
13: 30 And the people of Israel went up against them, saying, "The people of Rehoboth, do not go to the house of the king, but the people of the land, the month of the year, have been destroyed."
14: 30 And they watered down, and they were cast off, and the people of the tribe of Zechariah were destroyed, and the people of Birushuel were still there, and all the children were there; they were not ashamed; and they turned to him for us;
15: 30 And he slaughtered the people of the land, the land of the land, the land of the people, and the sons of Israel, and the Levites, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and they came to the land of the LORD.
16: 30 And he went up against the people, standing as the judge of them, as a sign of the people of Moses, the man of God, saying, "These are the sons of God, who have given up the LORD, and they have given up the LORD."
17: 30 For most of the people of the house of Israel, the people of Israel, have not been sanctified, nor have they ever been given any bribe; they have been divided into pieces;
18: 30 C֣i Mrb֣it Ha֡m R֠bt Mֽafr֨im and Mns֜h Issc֤r and Zblon֙ L֣a Hth֔ro Cֽi-acl֥o At-hf֖sh Bl֣a Cct֑ob Ci֩ Htfl֨l Ihzki֤ho Alihm֙ Lam֔r Iho֥h Ht֖ob Icf֥r Baֽd:
19: 30 All the heart is with him, and he is not prepared to fear God, and he is afraid of the LORD, and the Lord is the God of God, the Lord of the Universe, the Father of the Father, the Father of the Father, the Lord of the Father, the Father, the Father, and the Father.
20: 30 And Jehovah sent the LORD into the house of Jehazaki, and he rebuked him, and brought down the people of the land.
21: 30 Ias֣o Bnֽi-i֠sral Hnmtza֨im Birosl֜m At-h֧g Hmtz֛ot Sba֥t Im֖im Bsmh֣h Gdol֑h and ֽmhll֣im L֠ihoh I֣om | Bi֞om Hloi֧m and Hchn֛im Bcli-a֖z Lihoֽh: S.
22: 30 Idb֣r Ihzki֗ho Al-lb֙ Cl-hloi֔m Hmscil֥im Sֽcl-t֖ob Liho֑h and Iacl֤o At-hmoad֙ Sba֣t Him֔im Mzbhim֙ Zbh֣i Slm֔im and M֨tod֔im Liho֖h Alh֥i Abotihֽm: S.
23: 30 And it came to pass, that all the men of the house of the LORD had given thanks, that they had done seven things, and that they had done another thing, and that they had done it seven times.
24: 30 C֣i Hzki֣ho Mֽlc-i֠hodh Hr֨im Lkh֜l A֣lf Frim֮ and Sba֣t Alf֣im Tzan֒ S. Hsr֞im Hr֤imo Lkhl֙ Fr֣im A֔lf and Tz֖an As֣rt Alf֑im and Iֽtkds֥o Chn֖im Lrֽb:
25: 30 ֽismh֣o | Cl-kh֣l Ihod֗h and Hchnim֙ and Hloi֔m and Cl-hkh֖l Hba֣im Misra֑l and Hgr֗im Hbaim֙ Ma֣rtz Isra֔l and Hiosb֖im Bihodֽh:
26: 30 And you shall be glad, O God, of the greatness of the people, and of the children of Israel, of the children of Israel, of the children of Israel, of the children of Israel, of the children of Israel, of the children of Israel, of the children of Israel, of the children of Israel;
27: 30 And the sons of the sons of the Canaanites, the Levites, rose up, and rebuked the people, and caused them to go astray, and they came to them, and to their prayer, and to them, to return to the land of Israel, and sanctified their land, to their own land.
‪xxxx  Chapter 31   (21 verses)‬
1: 31 Ccl֣ot Cl-z֗at Itza֨o Cl-isra֥l [p] Hֽnmtzaim֮ Lar֣i Ihodh֒ and Isbr֣o Hmtzb֣ot and Igda֣o Hasr֡im and Inttz֣o At-h֠bmot and At-hֽmzbh֞t Mcl-ihod֧h and Bnim֛n and Bafr֥im and Mns֖h Ad-lcl֑h and Is֜obo Cl-bn֧i Isra֛l A֥is Lahzt֖o Larihֽm: S.
2: 31 Iam֣d Ihzki֡ho At-mhlk֣ot Hchn֣im and ֠hloim Aֽl-mhlkot֞m A֣is | Cf֣i Abdt֗o Lchnim֙ and Lloi֔m Lal֖h and Lslm֑im Lsrt֙ and Lhd֣ot and Lhl֔l Bsar֖i Mhn֥ot Ihoֽh: S.
3:31 And he gave the king his blessing from the Lord, and he gave him up to him, and he went up to the house of the LORD, and gave him the burnt offering, and the people went to the house, and they returned to the land, and to the new ones, and they went to the house of the LORD.
4:31 And the people said unto them, Behold, I will return to them, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall not be numbered of the sons of the Canaanites, and they shall be given to them, for they shall not be in the midst of the LORD.
5:31 And the children of Israel, the children of Israel, multiplied, the firstborn of the children of Israel, the bird of the flock, and the birds of the desert, and the birds of the sea, and the sheep, and the sheep, and the sheep, and the sheep, and the sheep, and the sheep, the sheep, and the sheep;
6: 31 Bn֧i Isra֣l and ֽihod֗h Hiֽosbim֮ Bar֣i Ihodh֒ Gm-h֗m Mas֤r Bkr֙ and Tz֔an and Mas֣r Kֽds֔im Hmkds֖im Liho֣h Alhih֑m Hb֕iao and ֽitn֖o Arm֥ot Armֽot: S.
7: 31 And it shall be the day of the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds, the Day of Resurrection, the Day of Atonement, the Day of Resurrection, and the Resurrection of the Seventh Day.
8: 31 And the children of Yohazook, his brothers, and the eight men, saw him, and saw the people of the city, saying, And they blessed the LORD with him, and the people of his people were with him.
9:31 And the children of Hahazekiah took him away, because they were against them, and they came to them on the cities of Ararat.
10: 31 I֣amr Al֗io Azri֧ho Hch֛n Hr֖as Lb֣it Tzd֑ok and ֠iamr Mhh֨l Htrom֜h Lb֣ia Bit-iho֗h Ac֨ol and Sb֤oa and Hotr֙ Ad-lr֔ob C֤i Ihoh֙ Br֣c At-am֔o and Hnot֖r At-hhm֥on Hzֽh: S.
11: 31 And Jehazek said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not dwell in the midst of the LORD, O Jehovah, and be with us.
12: 31 And they brought the people of the Torah, and the people of Amazer, and the sanctified ones, in faith, and against them, they turned away from them. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * הַ הַ ֽ ֽ ו ו ו ֥ ֥ ֥ ֥ ֥ ֥ ֥ ֥ ֥ ֥ ֥ ֥ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ
13: 31 ֽihia֡l and ֠azziho and N֨ht and Asha֜l and ֽirim֤ot and Iozbd֙ and Alia֣l and Ismci֔ho and M֖ht and Bni֑ho Fkid֗im Mi֤d * Conniho ** Cֽnni֙ho֙ and Sma֣i Ah֔io Bmfkd֙ Ihzki֣ho Hm֔lc and Azri֖ho Ng֥id Bit-halhֽim:
14:31 And Korah, the son of Yamin, came to him, the Levite, to the threshing floor, to Mizarah, and to Judah, and to the LORD, to the LORD, to the LORD, to the LORD, to the LORD, to the LORD, to him, and to the sanctuary of the LORD.
15: 31 Al-id֡o A֣dn and ֠mnimn and Is֨oa and ֽsmֽai֜ho Amri֧ho and Scni֛ho Bar֥i Hchn֖im Bamon֑h Lt֤t Lahihm֙ Bmhlk֔ot Cgd֖ol Cktֽn:
16: 31 From the heart of the living, they rejoice, because they remember the memory of them, and they are not ashamed of them, for they are not ashamed of themselves, because they are not in the house of the LORD, nor are they afraid of them, but of their own nation, and of them, and of their faithfulness, because of their guardianship.
17: 31 And when the priests came to the house of the priests, they gave up their fathers' houses, and they came to them, saying, "Behold, there are ten women that have been killed, and they have not gone up in their guardianship, because they are in their paths.
18: 31 And they gave them all their wives, and their sons, and their sons, and all their children, so that they might be in their faith, and they would be sanctified.
19: 31 Lbni֩ Ahr֨n Hchn֜im Bsd֨i Mgr֤s Arihm֙ Bcl-a֣ir and A֔ir Ans֕im As֥r Nkb֖o Bsm֑ot Lt֣t Mn֗ot Lcl-zcr֙ Bc֣hn֔im and Lcl-htih֖s Bloiֽm:
20:31 And he did that which was in the hands of Yahweh, and he did that which was with him, and that was good, and that he was afraid, and he turned to him, and the LORD was his God.
21: 31 And in the midst of what he did was the house of God, the house of God, and it was in the house of the LORD, and it was in her commandment, that he sought his inheritance, that he was in the heart of the heart, that he did what he had done, and that he was saved.
‪xxxx  Chapter 32   (33 verses)‬
1: 32 And after that the Lord spoke to him, and the truth was with him, and he was with him, and he was still in the midst of the fire, and he was not afraid of him, but he was afraid of him.
2: 32 And Jehozhakiah saw him, because he was with him, and he was turned away from him, and his face was turned to war against the children of Israel.
3:32 32 And his father's wife went out with him, and they rejoice, and they shut him up, so that he could not take the water away, but he did not go out with them.
4: 32 Ikbtz֣o Am-r֔b and ֽistmo֙ At-cl-hmain֔ot and At-hn֛hl Hsot֥f Btoc-ha֖rtz Lam֑r L֤mh Ib֙oao֙ Mlc֣i As֔or and Mtza֖o M֥im Rbֽim:
5: 32 and Ithz֡k and Ibn֩ At-cl-hhom֨h Hfrotz֜h and I֣al Al-hmgdl֗ot and Lh֙otzh֙ Hhom֣h Ah֔rt and Ihz֥k At-hml֖oa A֣ir Do֑id and I֥as S֛lh Lr֖b and Mgnֽim:
6:32 And the two of them went up from the sea, and fought against them, and gathered them together, and brought them to Rehob, and there was a fire of light on them, and they spoke to their hearts, and they were not to blame.
7: 32 Behold, I will not be afraid, but I will not be afraid of you, nor shall I be afraid of you, nor of me, nor of you, nor of me, nor of me, but of all the nations that are with you, so that when you are with us, you shall not be afraid of them.
8: 32 And with him is a man of falsehood, in the midst of the wickedness, and with the people of the LORD, the LORD, the God of our people, and the people of Lazarus, and of the sons of Israel, and of them, and of the sons of Judah, and of the sons of Israel,
9: 32 A֣hr Z֗h S֠lh Snhr֨ib Mֽlc-as֤or Abdio֙ Ir֣osl֔imh and Hoa֙ Al-lc֔is and Cl-mmslt֖o Am֑o Al-ihzki֙ho֙ M֣lc Ihod֔h and Al-cl-ihod֛h As֥r Birosl֖m Lamֽr:
10: 32 As if the people of Sanhedrin were with you, and they were cast down on the ground, but they were not satisfied, and they dwelt in Mizor in Jerusalem for their own sake.
11: 32 Hila, the son of Ahazaki, the son of Moses, the son of Moses, the mother of Thy, the king of Israel, the LORD of the Allies, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Father, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, and the Savior.
12: 32 Hla-hoa֙ Ihzki֔ho Hs֥ir At-bmt֖io and At-mzbht֑io and I֨amr Lֽihod֤h and Lֽirosl֙m֙ Lam֔r Lfn֨i Mzb֧h Ah֛d Tֽstho֖o and Al֥io Tktֽiro:
13:32 32 Behold, I know that I am the one who has done it, and I have not sinned, and my fathers are not with me, but the people of the land, the people of Israel, are not the people of Israel. God is my God, and I am the king of the land, and I will bring them down from their land.
14: 32 מ֠ש בּי בּֽכלל-אל-אל-אל֞ה הגגו֤י֤םם האא֙ל֙ה֙הגה֣י֤ם הם הה֙א֙ה֙ה֙ה אֲש֣֣ר֣ם הֱהרר֣ימּם אבובתותת֔ם אֲש֣ר֣מּמ או אבובתו֔ת֔ם אֲש֥֣ל֣ם אֲבתּל לְהי לְהם אֲש֥ל אם אֶלתמ֖ל איו מִיי֔ד לְהל לְהי הַי֥ל אם אתלתמ֖ל מי מִיי֑ד֑י כי מִיי֑י֥ל אי ה֥יּל אם אלי֣ל֑י מה מִייֽדֽי:ה מִייֽי:לֽה אלל֣י֣י מה מִייֽדֽי:ה: Why did the people of Israel not come to them?
15: 32 At֡h Al-isia֩ Atc֨m Hzki֜ho and Al-is֨it Atc֣m Czat֮ and Al-tam֣ino Lo֒ Ci-l֣a Ioc֗l Cl-al֙oh֙ Cl-g֣oi and Mmlc֔h Lhtz֥il Am֛o Mid֖i and Mi֣d Abot֑i A֚f C֣i Aֽlhic֔m La-itz֥ilo Atc֖m Midֽi:
16: 32 And the word of the word of the Lord is upon him, and his servants are against the LORD, but the LORD is the LORD, and he is his father, and his father is his servant.
17: 32 Sfr֣im Ct֔b Lhr֕f Liho֖h Alh֣i Isra֑l and Lֽam֨r Al֜io Lam֗r Cֽalh֞i Goi֤ Hartzot֙ As֨r La-htz֤ilo Amm֙ Mid֔i C֣n Lֽa-itz֞il Alh֧i Ihzki֛ho Am֖o Midֽi:
18: 32 And he was called in the voice of Gad, and the voice of the children of Jehudah was against them, because they were wicked against them, but the people of the land of Israel went up against them, and the people of Judah, the people of the land, came unto them, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
19: 32 And David said unto them, O God, are they not worthy of the inheritance of the children of Israel, as God has done unto them, even though they are not with me, yet the land of them is made up of them, and they are the children of the children of Israel.
20: 32 And I will be filled with the strength of my strength, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, my children, and I will give it to them, son of the mother of the children of Israel, and I will bring it forth to you, and I will give it to you.
21: 32 Isl֤h Ihoh֙ Mla֔c and Ich֞d Cl-gb֥or H֙il֙ and Ng֣id and S֔r Bmhn֖h M֣lc As֑or and Isb֩ Bb֨st Fn֜im Lartz֗o and Iba֙ B֣it Alh֔io * and ** ports and Mֽitzia֣i Ma֔io S֖m Hfil֥ho Bhֽrb:
22: 32 And Jehoah, the son of Jehoiakiah, hated him, and the people of Israel, and he returned to them, saying, "My lord, you are the one who is the king of the people of Israel, and the king of Israel is the king of Israel."
23: 32 And the LORD shall bring forth the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Savior, the Savior, the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, and the people of Judah, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and all the children of Israel.
24: 32 In the day of their death, behold, they have been sick, and they have been destroyed, and the people of Israel have come to them for a long time, and the people of Israel have come to the Lord, and he is saying to him, "Behold, he will be given to you."
25: 32 And he did not go up to his feet, but the mighty man of the people of Judah was angry with him, because he was angry with him, and his heart was on him, and he overcame his heart, and against the LORD, and they were destroyed.
26: 32 And the children of Yachizai, the sons of Judah, came to him, begging to return to him, and they returned, and dwelt among them: they were destroyed by them, and they were not with them, but their families were in the midst of a flood, and the LORD was in the midst of them, and Jehoazek was not there.
27: 32 Ih֧i Lֽihzki֛ho A֥sr and Cb֖od Hrb֣h Ma֑d and Aֽtzr֣ot Aֽsh-l֠o Lc֨sf and Lzh֜b and La֣bn Ikr֗h and Lbsmim֙ and Lm֣gn֔im and Lc֖l Cl֥i Hmdֽh:
28: 32 And the people of the land of the land of the land of the land of the fish, and of the wilderness, and of the wilderness, and of the land of the vineyard, and of the mountains, of the vineyard, and of the cattle, and of the forest, and of the mountains of the mountains;
29: 32 And the cities shall be filled with bread, and they shall be bought, and they shall be burned, and they shall be gathered together, and they shall be blessed, and they shall not be given to them. God shall not have mercy on them.
30: 32 And behold, behold, Jehoazekiah, the son of Seth, brought him out of Mezuzah, from Meimah, to Jethro, and from there he went to them, and they were sent to them, and from there he went to the house of Meir the son of David, and Zechal, the son of Jehazaki, made him captive to the house of Maasah.
31: 32 And thus, in the midst of the king, he was born in the midst of the LORD, and he was in the house of the LORD, and the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds.
32: 32 And the rest of the people spoke to him, and they gave him strength, and they gave him strength, and they were in the midst of them, in the midst of their captivity.
33: 32 Isc֨b Ihzki֜ho Am-abt֗io and ֽikbrho֮ Bֽmalh֮ Kbr֣i Bni-doid֒ and Cbod֙ Aֽso-l֣o Bmot֔o Cl-ihod֖h and Isb֣i Irosl֑m and Iml֛c Mns֥h Bn֖o Thtֽio: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 33   (25 verses)‬
1: 33 The son of Shishim, who was twelve years old, of Manasseh, in Malak, of him, and of Hamash, five hundred and fifty years of age, and of her daughters, because of the inheritance of their children in Jerusalem.
2: 33 And he who did the thing went astray in the eyes of the LORD, the LORD, the daughter of the daughter of the children, and the wives of the children of Haggai;
3: 33 I֗sb and I֙bn֙ At-hbm֔ot As֥r Nt֖tz Ihzki֣ho Ab֑io and I֨km Mzbh֤ot Lbalim֙ and I֣as Asr֔ot and Ist֙ho֙ Lcl-tzb֣a Hsm֔im and ֽiab֖d Atֽm:
4:33 And the son of Zebedah begged him, saying, Behold, the LORD is the LORD, that which hath been given to the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
5:33 And the son of Zebath, the captain of all the tribe, went up to the wilderness, but in the midst of the wilderness, the house of the LORD came to rest.
6:33 And it came to pass, that the son of Israel beheld his son, that they were in the fire, even in the midst of the children of the sons of Hinnom, and they were angry with them, and they were ashamed, and they were ashamed of them. And when he was satisfied with them, and they became aware, he rebuked him, to do his bidding, and he was afraid in the sight of the LORD, so that he might be angry with him.
7: 33 and I֕sm At-f֥sl Hs֖ml As֣r As֑h Bb֣it Halh֗im As֨r Am֤r Alhim֙ Al-doid֙ and Al-slm֣h Bn֔o Bb֨it Hz֜h and Bֽirosl֗m As֤r Bh֙rti֙ Mcl֙ Sbt֣i Isra֔l As֥im At-sm֖i Lailֽom:
8: 33 and L֣a Aos֗if Lhsir֙ At-r֣gl Isra֔l Mal֙ Hֽadm֔h As֥r Hֽam֖dti Labֽtic֑m R֣k | Am-ismr֣o Las֗ot A֚t Cl-as֣r Tzoit֔im Lcl-htor֛h and Hֽhk֥im and Hmsft֖im Bid-msֽh:
9:33 And when the men of Judah came to take Judah away, and they sat down, they turned their backs on them, to do their own things, because they were afraid of them, because they were afraid of the LORD, because they were afraid of me, because they were sons of Israel, and they were afraid of them.
10: 33 And the LORD spoke unto her, unto Manasseh, and unto Amadu, and to him he was not hard;
11: 33 Ib֨a Iho֜h Alih֗m At-sr֤i Htzba֙ Asr֙ Lm֣lc As֔or and Ilcd֥o At-mns֖h Bhh֑im and Iֽasr֙ho֙ Bֽnhst֔im and Iolic֖ho Bbֽlh:
12: 33 And he went up to him, saying, Behold, thou shalt see the face of me: the LORD is the God of his people, and he hath come down from the midst of the earth, even unto me, O God, I am not thy father;
13:33 33 And his hands were filled with him, and he turned away from him, and he gave up his supplication, and he turned him down, and he turned them down to his kingdom, and he was afraid of his wife, because the LORD was afraid of her, because she was afraid of God.
14: 33 Ahri-c֡n Bn֣h Hom֣h Hֽitzon֣h | Lair-do֡id Marbh֩ Lgih֨on Bn֜hl and Lb֨oa Bs֤ar Hdgim֙ and Sb֣b La֔fl and Igbih֖h Ma֑d and I֧sm Sֽri-h֛il Bcl-har֥im Hbtzr֖ot Bihodֽh:
15:33 And he took away the God, and he gave him the commandment, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to the LORD, and he gave it to him, and he went to the house of the LORD, and gave him the inheritance,
16: 33 * And they said, "And the son of the son of Zebab came to the house of Yahweh, and gave him his inheritance, and sacrificed it, that they had given up, and worshiped him, and he said to them, 'Bring up the people of Yahud, the LORD, and go forth, and bring down the LORD, O God, O Israel,'" said Israel.
17: 33 But the people of the people of Israel have sacrificed themselves; they have sacrificed in their hearts, and they have given up to the LORD, and God is their God.
18: 33 I֨tr Dbr֣i Mnsh֮ and Tflt֣o Al-alhio֒ and Dbri֙ Hֽhz֔im Hֽmdbr֣im Al֔io Bs֥m Iho֖h Alh֣i Isra֑l Hn֕m Al-dbr֖i Mlc֥i Israֽl:
19: 33 Tflt֣o and Hֽatr-lo֮ and Cl-htat֣o and Malo֒ and Hmkm֗ot Asr֩ Bn֨h Bh֤m Bmot֙ and Hamid֙ Hasr֣im and Hfsl֔im Lfn֖i Hcna֑o Hn֣m Ctob֔im A֖l Dbr֥i Hozֽi:
20:33 And he dwelt among the women with his father, and they went to him, and they buried him, and brought him to his house, and he returned to him, and his mother returned to him, and he rebelled against him.
21:33 And Ben-Asher, and Simeon, the son of Ammon, the son of Ammon, in Malch, and his wife, and the two of them, were destroyed, because they were not in the midst of their wickedness.
22:33 And he did that which was evil in the eyes of the LORD, because he was as a man, because he had made a man of his wife, his father, and of him, and of all the spoil, he was as a man, and he did as he had done, because of his wife, his father, his father, and his wife, because they were unclean, and they were servants of them.
23: 33 And he was not satisfied, because he was not in the hands of the LORD; but the LORD said to him, "Behold, you shall not be ashamed of his wife, because his father is his father, because he is not a nation, but his mother is a reprobate."
24: 33 And his servants conspired against him, and his servant was in his house, and they died in his house.
25:33 And the people of the land made themselves whole, and all the men that were in the midst of the Ammonites, the Ammonites, and the Ammonites, the people of the land, made their enemies captive, and they rebelled against them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 34   (33 verses)‬
1: 34 The son of Shemon, that is, the sons of Bashan, the sons of Moses, were in his kingdom, and they were three hundred, and one hundred years of age, because they were not in the midst of their inheritance.
2: 34 And the servant of the Levites was destroyed in the eyes of the LORD, and he was in thy ways, because of his father, and his father was his father, and he was not afraid of them, and they were filled with water.
3: 34 Bsmon֨h Sn֜im Lmlc֗o and Hoa֙ Aod֣no N֔ar Hh֕l Ldr֕os Lalh֖i Do֣id Ab֑io and Bst֧im Asr֣h Sn֗h Hhl֙ Lth֔r At-ihodh֙ and Ir֣osl֔m Mn-hbmot֙ and H֣asr֔im and Hfsl֖im and Hmscֽot:
4: 34 Inttz֣o Lfn֗io A֚t Mzbh֣ot Hbal֔im and Hֽhmn֛im Asr-lm֥alh Malih֖m Gd֑a and ֠hasrim and Hfsl֤im and Hmscot֙ Sb֣r and Hd֔k and Izrk֙ Al-fn֣i Hkbr֔im Hzbh֖im Lhֽm:
5: 34 And the people of the house were like that, and the people of Israel were burned down by the altars of Mizbotham, and they brought Jehoiada down to Judah and Jeruselam.
6: 34 And in the midst of me, from Manasseh, and Ephrayam, and Hearken to Zion, and to Naphtali, in the mountain of their houses, and in their suburbs, they were in captivity.
7:34 And they gave the thorns of the spoil, and the thorns, and the thorns, and the thorns, and the thorns, and the thorns, and the broths of the broth, and the broths of the broth, and the broths of the broth, and the broth of the brook,
8: 34 and Bsn֨t Smon֤h Asrh֙ Lmlc֔o Lth֥r Ha֖rtz and Hb֑it S֠lh At-sf֨n Bn-atzli֜ho and At-masi֣ho Sr-ha֗ir and ֠at Ioa֤h Bn-iֽoahz֙ Hmzc֔ir Lhz֕k At-b֖it Iho֥h Alhֽio:
9: 34 and Ib֜ao Al-hlki֣ho | Hch֣n Hgd֗ol and ֽitno֮ At-hcsf֮ Hmob֣a Bit-alhim֒ As֣r Asfֽo-hloim֩ Smr֨i Hs֜f Mi֧d Mns֣h and Afr֗im and Mcl֙ Sar֣it Isra֔l and Mcl-ihod֖h and Bnim֑n * and the inhabitants ** and Is֖bo Irֽoslֽm:
10: 34 And the children of Israel went up to the house of the people of Israel, and the people of the land of Israel were in the midst of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior.
11: 34 And the sons of the sons of the Levites, the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel, were given to the sons of Israel, and the sons of Israel, the sons of Israel, and the sons of Israel, and the sons of Israel, and the sons of Israel.
12: 34 Hansim֩ As֨im Bamon֜h Bmlac֗h and Alih֣m | M֠fkdim I֣ht and Abdi֤ho Hloim֙ Mn-bn֣i Mrr֔i and Zcri֧h and Msl֛m Mn-bn֥i Hkht֖im Lntz֑h and H֨loi֔m Cl-mb֖in Bcli-sֽir:
13:34 And the serpents, and the men of valor, went up, and the men of valor, and all the children of the people of Israel, did not go to work. They did not work; they did not work, but they did not go to work, and they did not turn away, and they were afraid of them.
14: 34 And when he brought them to the house, he brought the sword of the house, and it came to pass, but the LORD came out, and he came to the house of Hilkiah, so that he could not lift up the fire of the LORD, but the people of Judah were with him.
15: 34 And he gave me a piece of bread, and he said unto him, I pray thee, thou shalt not be afraid of the Torah: for I have been afraid of the children of the LORD, and the LORD hath given them to me, and they have given them to the people of their captivity.
16: 34 And he brought the people of the captivity together, and they returned to the king, and he returned, and he returned to the LORD, saying, "Behold, I am saying the same thing that you have done in the hand of your servants, because they have done what they have done."
17: 34 And they took the sword of the sword, which was in the house of the LORD, and gave it to him, and gave it to him by the hand of the handmaiden, and he went up to the house of the servant of the LORD.
18: 34 And Haggadah, the captain of the captor, said unto him, I will give thee peace, and I will give him peace, and I will give thee peace, and I will not be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will come unto thee.
19: 34 And there was a time when the people of the world were coming to you, saying, "The Torah is the Torah," and he called out to him "
20: 34 And they brought him to the house of Hilkiah with him, and to Ahijah with them, son of Shaphan, and Abed, and son of Manachah, and Zechariah, and Shaphan, the captain of the tribe, and the people of Esau, who were with them for the inheritance of the Amorites.
21: 34 Lco֩ Drs֨o At-iho֜h Bad֗i and Bad֙ Hnsar֙ Bisra֣l and Bֽihod֔h Al-dbr֥i Hs֖fr As֣r Nmtz֑a Cֽi-gdol֤h Hmt-ihoh֙ As֣r Ntc֣h B֔no Al֩ As֨r La-smr֤o Abot֙ino֙ At-db֣r Iho֔h Las֕ot Ccl-hct֖ob Al-hs֥fr Hzֽh: P.
22: 34 I֨lc Hlki֜ho and As֣r Hm֗lc Al-hld֨h Hnbia֜h A֣st | Sl֣m Bn- * Sweet ** Tkh֗t Bn-hsrh֙ Som֣r Hbgd֔im and H֛ia Ios֥bt Birosl֖m Bmsn֑h and Idbr֥o Al֖ih Czֽat: S.
23: 34 And they said unto them, Surely this is the LORD, O God, O God, O Israel, saith the LORD, Say unto him, Behold, I will not be ashamed of thee, that I will bring thee unto the LORD.
24: 34 Thus the mother, the LORD, hath died; for she is not a wicked man; she is a wicked man; therefore she is not a man; and this is what she is afraid of. And all the women of all the nations, all of them, have been put to death.
25: 34 T֣ht | As֣r Azb֗oni * Victor ** and ֽiktro֙ [y] Lֽalh֣im Ahr֔im Lm֙an֙ Hcais֔ni Bc֖l Mas֣i Idih֑m and Tt֧c Hmt֛i Bmk֥om Hz֖h and L֥a Tcbֽh:
26: 34 And unto Me, O Judah, I am the LORD, that hath sent thee away, that thou shalt go down to the land of his wife, and behold, thou shalt say unto him, Say unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go, saith the LORD: O LORD, come unto me, O LORD, I pray thee unto the LORD, that I may not go down into thy name.
27: 34 I֠an Rc-lb֨bc֜ and Tcn֣a | Mlfn֣i Alh֗im Bsmac֤ At-dbrio֙ Al-hmk֤om Hzh֙ and Al-i֣sb֔io and Tcn֣a Lfn֔i and Tkr֥a At-bgd֖ic and T֣bc Lfn֑i and Gm-an֥i Sm֖ati Nam-ihoֽh:
28: 34 Hnn֨i Aֽsfc֜ Al-abt֗ic and Nasft֣ Al-kbrtic֮ Bslom֒ and La-tra֣inh Ain֔ic Bcl֙ Hֽra֔h As֨r An֥i Mb֛ia Al-hmk֥om Hz֖h and Al-isb֑io and Is֥ibo At-hm֖lc Dbֽr: P.
29: 34 And the king came to you, and he took away all the children of the house of Yahweh, and they were destroyed by their inheritance.
30: 34 I֣al Hm֣lc Bit-i֠hoh and Cl-a֨is Ihod֜h and Isb֣i Irosl֗m and Hcֽhnim֙ and Hloi֔m and Cl-ha֖m Mgd֣ol and Ad-kt֑n and Ikr֣a Baznih֗m At-cl-dbri֙ S֣fr Hbr֔it Hnmtz֖a B֥it Ihoֽh:
31: 34 Iam֨d Hm֜lc Al-amd֗o and Icr֣t Aֽt-hbrit֮ Lfn֣i Ihoh֒ Ll֜ct Ahr֣i Iho֗h and Lsm֤or At-mtzoֺtio֙ and Aֽdoֺt֣io and Hk֔io Bcl-lbb֖o and Bcl-nfs֑o Lasot֙ At-dbr֣i Hbr֔it Hctob֖im Al-hs֥fr Hzֽh:
32: 34 And all the children of Israel came up against them in Yerushalayim, their sons, and them, and they did what they did, and they returned to them, but they were destroyed, because God spoke to them, God is not their God, but their fathers are not.
33: 34 I֨sr Iֽasi֜ho At-cl-htoab֗ot Mֽcl-hartzot֮ As֣r Lbn֣i Isral֒ and ֽiab֗d A֤t Cl-hnmtza֙ Bisra֔l Lab֖od At-iho֣h Alhih֑m Cl-im֕io L֣a S֔ro Mֽahr֕i Iho֖h Alh֥i Abotihֽm: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 35   (27 verses)‬
1: 35 And it came to pass, that I had given my heart to the children of Israel, and that they had given it to the LORD, and he had given it to the LORD, and he had given it to the LORD, and he had given it to him.
2: 35 And the men went up against their guardians, and they came to them, and they gave them up to work, but the LORD was with her.
3: 35 I֣amr L֠loim * ** Hmbin֨im Lcl-isra֜l the built Hkdos֣im Liho֗h Tn֤o At-aron-hk֙ds֙ B֠bit As֨r Bn֜h Slm֤h Bn-doid֙ M֣lc Isra֔l Ain-lc֥m Ms֖a Bct֑f At֗h Abdo֙ At-iho֣h Alֽhic֔m and A֖t Am֥o Israֽl:
4: 35 And they [the sons of Israel] abode unto them in the house of their fathers, as they are in the house of David, because they are not in the house of Israel, but in the house of their fathers, because they are in their midst.
5:35 And when they came to the house, they begged to give up the bread, but the fathers came to meet them, because they were sons, and they were not, and they were divided, and the children of the children of Israel came to them.
6: 35 And the scepter, and the people of the tribe of Israel, took a vengeance, and sanctified themselves, and prepared them for their brotherhood, to do the same thing as the word of the LORD, so that it was in the hands of Moses.
7: 35 I֣rm Iasi֣ho Lbn֪i Ha֟m Tz֞an Cbs֣im and Bnֽi-azim֮ Hc֣l Lfshim֒ Lcl-hnmtz֗a Lmsfr֙ Sls֣im A֔lf and Bk֖r Sl֣st Alf֑im A֖lh Mrc֥os Hmֽlc: S.
8: 35 Sr֞io Lndb֥h La֛m Lchn֥im and Lloi֖m Hr֑imo Hlki֨h and Zcri֜ho and ֽihia֗l Ngidi֙ B֣it Halh֔im Lchn֞im Ntn֣o Lfsh֗im Alf֙im֙ and S֣s Ma֔ot and Bk֖r Sl֥s Maֽot:
9: 35 * and Conniho ** and ֠cֽnniho and Smֽai֨ho and Ntna֜l Ah֗io and Hsbi֧ho and Iaia֛l and Iozb֖d Sr֣i Hloi֑m Hr֨imo Lloi֤m Lfshim֙ Hm֣st Alf֔im and Bk֖r Hm֥s Maֽot:
10: 35 And the servants of the servants made a covenant, and they made sure that the priests were against them, and that they were not with them, so that they might move away from them, as if they were in the midst of the hand.
11: 35 And the people of the tribe of Zippo, the Pharisees, and Zerzek, the sons of the Canaanites, were their children, and the Levites, they were not from Mesopotamia.
12: 35 And they cast a burden upon them, that they might be given to the house of fathers, but to the house of fathers, and to the children of the fathers, to bring them to the LORD, and to them, so that they might be blessed, and in the flesh of the flesh of Moses, and so to them, to weep.
13:35 And the people of the tribe of Abyssinia came to him in the midst of their captivity, and the sanctified ones were ashamed of him, because they were in prison, and they were in trouble, and the children of Israel were victorious, and they were cast off for all the children of the land.
14: 35 Ah֗r Hc֤ino Lhm֙ and Lc֣hn֔im C֤i Hchnim֙ Bn֣i Ahr֔n Bhֽal֛ot Haol֥h and Hhlb֖im Ad-l֑ilh and Hloim֙ Hc֣ino Lh֔m and Lchn֖im Bn֥i Ahrֽn:
15: 35 Hmsֽrr֨im Bni-as֜f Al-mamd֗m Cmtzo֤t Doid֙ and As֞f and Him֤n and ֽidton֙ Hoz֣h Hm֔lc and Hsar֖im Ls֣ar and S֑ar [1] A֣in Lh֗m Lsor֙ Ma֣l Abֽdt֔m Cֽi-ahih֥m Hloi֖m Hc֥ino Lhֽm:
16: 35 And all the works of the LORD were fulfilled, and the LORD, the LORD, was in the midst of them, and the LORD had given them up to the house of the Philistines, and the children of Israel were on their way, and they were not afraid of the LORD, because he was like the tribe of the LORD, because of his wives, because of him.
17:35 And the sons of Israel made a noise, and they were not afraid, but they brought them to the house of the king, and they brought them to the house of the LORD, and they brought them to the house of the LORD.
18: 35 Lֽa-nas֨h F֤sh Cm֙ho֙ Bisra֔l Mim֖i Smoa֣l Hnb֑ia and Cl-mlc֣i Isra֣l | Lֽa-as֡o Cf֣sh Asr-as֣h Iֽ֠asiho and Hchn֨im and Hloi֤m and Cl-ihodh֙ and Isra֣l Hnmtz֔a and Iosb֖i Iroslֽm: S.
19: 35 In Bashmonah, the tenth of the ninth month, the year of Malch, the nation of my wives, the people of Na'ash, the son of Hafeth, the son of Zachariah:
20: 35 And after that, I will not give up, but I will not be afraid, but I will bring him to the house of the LORD, and I will bring him to the land of Israel, and he will bring them to the land of Israel, and he will be able to see his enemies.
21: 35 Isl֣h Al֣io Mlac֣im | Lamr֩ | Mh-l֨i and L֜c M֣lc Ihod֗h La-al֨ic At֤h Hiom֙ C֚i Al-b֣it Mlhmt֔i and Alh֖im Am֣r Lbֽhl֑ni Hdl-lc֛ Malh֥im Asr-am֖i and Al-ishitֽc:
22:35 And the people of the tribe of Josiah took him away, and they turned him away from him, so that he could not be put to death, but he was not ashamed, and he overcame him, and he went astray, so that he did not go down to the house of God, but he came to him, and he came to bring them into the midst of his wickedness.
23: 35 And they said unto the LORD, Come to me, my wives, whom I fear; and I will say unto you, I will go to his servants, that I may pass by, that I may go, for I am not worthy of them.
24: 35 Iֽabir֨ho Abd֜io Mn-hmrcb֗h and ֽircibho֮ A֣l R֣cb Hmsnh֮ Asr-lo֒ and Iolic֙ho֙ Ir֣osl֔m and I֕mt and Ikb֖r Bkbr֣ot Abt֑io and Cl-ihodh֙ and Ir֣osl֔m Mֽtabl֖im Al-iasiֽho: P.
25: 35 Ikon֣n Irmiho֮ Al-iasiho֒ and Iamr֣o Cֽl-hsr֣im | and ֠hsrot Bkin֨otih֤m Al-iasi֙ho֙ Ad-hi֔om and Itn֥om Lh֖k Al-isra֑l and Hn֥m Ctob֖im Al-hkinֽot:
26: 35 And he said unto them, Speak unto me, my wives, fear him, and save him, and he shall be like a priest, and thou shalt surely die in the sight of the LORD his God.
27: 35 And they spoke to him, the firstborn, the last, and the last: they were not as they were writing, but they were against the people of Israel, and the LORD was his servant.
‪xxxx  Chapter 36   (23 verses)‬
1: 36 And they took the people of the land, the son of Jehoah, the son of Josiah, and his father, and his father, his father, and his father, and his family,
2: 36 The son of Shiloh, and his wife, and his wife, and his wife, and his wife, and her children, and her children.
3: 36 And they cast him away from Meziel in Nazareth, in the city of Jerusalem, where they were, and the people of Israel were destroyed, and the land was cut off from them, and so was the vineyard.
4: 36 Iml֨c Mֽlc-mtzr֜im At-alik֣im Ah֗io Al-ihodh֙ and Ir֣osl֔m and Is֥b At-sm֖o Ihoik֑im and At-ioah֤z Ahio֙ Lk֣h Nc֔o and Ibia֖ho Mtzrֽimh: P.
5:36 And the son of Amorah was five years old, and Jeho֣֣k was in his kingdom, and he was twelve years old, and his wife was not there, because they were in the midst of their inheritance, and they were in the midst of the land of Israel, because of the eyes of the LORD, the LORD his God.
6: 36 And upon him he went up, and the son of Nebuchadnezzar rebelled against you, and he turned away from him, and cursed him, and went to the house of the king, and he went down to his house,
7: 36 And all the children of the children of the LORD, the sons of Judah, were blessed, and the sons of Nebuchadnezzar rebelled against them, and they gave them bread in their tents, and they were in their hearts.
8: 36 and Itr֩ Dbr֨i Ihֽoik֜im and Tֽabt֤io Asr-ash֙ and Hnmtz֣a Al֔io Hn֣m Ctob֗im Al-s֛fr Mlc֥i Isra֖l and ֽihod֑h and Iml֛c Ihoic֥in Bn֖o Thtֽio: P.
9: 36 The son of Shemon was two years old: YHWHHYYYYYYYYYYYHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYAH,
10: 36 Ltsob֣t Hsn֗h Slh֙ Hm֣lc Nbֽocdnatz֔r and Iba֣ho Bb֔lh Am-cl֖i Hmd֣t Bit-iho֑h and Imlc֙ At-tzdki֣ho Ah֔io Al-ihod֖h and ֽiroslֽm: P.
11: 36 And Ben-Asher and his brother Zedekiah, Zedekiah, his sons, were in his kingdom, and he was twelve years old, because they had been destroyed, because they were not in Birusshel, but they were not.
12: 36 And he who did the thing went through the eyes of the LORD, the LORD, the God of his people, and not of him, but he was not afraid of him, because he was afraid of him, because he was the son of the LORD.
13: 36 ֠gm Bm֤lc Nbֽocdnatzr֙ Mr֔d As֥r Hsbia֖o Bֽalh֑im and I֤ks At-arfo֙ and Iam֣tz At-lbb֔o Ms֕ob Al-iho֖h Alh֥i Israֽl:
14: 36 But all the men of the people, the men of the people, and the people, were afraid to go into the midst of their wrath. [N] [q] When they were angry with them, they came to them, and they came to the house of the LORD, saying, "Behold, I am the LORD."
15: 36 And the LORD, the LORD, came to him, saying, 'Surely, their fathers, their wives, and their children, are not in their midst, but they are the men of the house, and they are the men of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of their midst.'
16: 36 And he, behold, he is the Lord of the angels, the Lord of the angels, the Lord of the worlds, and of the people of the world, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel.
17: 36 I֨al Alih֜m At-m֣lc * When Dame ** Csd֗im and Ihr֨g Bhorih֤m Bh֙rb֙ Bb֣it Mkds֔m and L֥a Hm֛l Al-bh֥or and Btol֖h Zk֣n and Is֑s Hc֖l Nt֥n Bidֽo:
18: 36 And all things were done, and the children of the LORD were with the mighty men, and the children were afraid, and the children of Israel were in a state of despair, the LORD was with you, and the people were coming to you, and the king was coming to you, and the king was coming to him, and he was in the midst of them.
19: 36 And they were burned down, and the house of the LORD came to them, and they were not, and they were given to him, but they were not the children of Jerusalem, and all the nations of Israel were in it, and the Syrians were in it, and there was none, and all the people were destroyed, and their houses were destroyed, and they were destroyed.
20:36 And the remnant of the remnant came out of the midst of the house, unto the son of Laban, and they were with him, and his sons were for the servants, and they were not until the day of Malch, but the tribe of Perez.
21: 36 And to the word of the word of the LORD came to me, because I was afraid of him, because I was afraid of him, because he wanted him to give up all his captivity, so that all his people were destroyed, and that he returned to his house, and he returned to the house of the tribe of Sheba.
22: 36 Bsn֣t Ah֗t Lc֙ors֙ M֣lc Fr֔s Lcl֥ot Dbr-iho֖h Bf֣i Irmi֑ho Ha֣ir Iho֗h At-r֙oh֙ C֣ors Mֽlc-fr֔s and Iֽabr-kol֙ Bcl-mlcot֔o and Gm-bmct֖b Lamֽr: S.
23: 36 Ch-am֞r C֣ors | M֣lc Fr֗s Cl-mmlc֤ot Ha֙rtz֙ N֣tn L֗i Ihoh֙ Alh֣i Hsm֔im and Hֽoa-fk֤d Ali֙ Lbnֽot-l֣o B֔it Birosl֖m As֣r Bֽihod֑h Mֽi-bc֣m Mcl-am֗o Iho֧h Alh֛io Am֖o and Iֽal:
‪xxxx    End of 2 Chronicles (36 chapters, 822 verses).
