‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.46. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    1 Chronicles (29 chapters, 943 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (54 verses)‬
1: 1 But Adam is a scepter;
2: 1 Kenan, who is the king of Judah?
3: 1 Thou shalt be glad, Thou shalt go down to thy land.
4: 1 N֥֥ ש ש֖ ֖֖֖ ח ח ח ח ח ח ו ו ו וֶֶֽֽֽֽֽ::::::::: ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו
5: 1 The children of the children of Jephthah, Gimmer, and Magog, and Joab, and Meidah, and Joan, and Thabo, and Shem-Tov, and Shilch, and Thiru,
6: 1 And the children of Gosmer converted to Amazhn, and they went up to Phargum,
7: 1 And the sons of Joan, the wife of Elias, the wife of Leah, and Resheth, the wife of Seth, the daughter of the children, were numbered, and the children of Mordecai.
8: 1 The children of Haham, the children of Israel, and the children of Nazareth, and Posen, and Canaan.
9: 1 And the children of Israel, as a scepter, and an assembly of the people, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the inhabitants of the land, and the children of the children of Israel;
10: 1 And the children of the tribe of Nimrod went up to the house of Judah, saying, "Behold, I will not be afraid;
11: 1 And Mizoram begat the children of Lod, and the sons of Anim, and Nahoth, and Nahum.
12: 1 And the people of Pharisees, and the king of Esau, went out, saying, As for the people of the land, they were not, but they were not the people of Pharisees, nor the Kaptorites.
13: 1 And the children of Israel went out to hunt down hunting in the midst of their cattle, and the hostess.
14: 1 And the Jebusites, and the Amorites, and the Haggashites.
15: 1 And the bread, and the wine, and the wine, and the wine.
16: 1 And the arroyo, and the thyme, and the threshing-up of the fire;
17: 1 The children of the children of Simeon, the children of Eilam, and Asher, the son of Shapiro, and Arapham, and Zadok, and Haruham, and Zutz, and Chilul, and Gathar, and Shem-Sheba,
18: 1 And Arpach the son of David went up to Saul, and he came to the house, and saw the wilderness.
19: 1 And the sons of the tribe of Jil, the sons of Shesh, the sons of the sons of the tribe of Simeon, the brothers of the tribe of Paglag, for in his days, the people of Nefelgoth, the people of the land, and their families, and their brethren,
20: 1 And he gathered up the rod of the king, and he saw the threshing-floor, and the west side, and the spirit of the wind.
21: 1 And the oxen, and Ouzhel, and Dekel, her son.
22: 1 And Abel, and Abimea, and Shiloh, and Leah.
23: 1 And Ephir, and Kohil, and Judah, and all the children of Israel, the children of Israel.
24: 1 Their name is: Arpechesh, the son of David, the son of Samuel.
25: 1 And he hath broken up with Pharaoh;
26: 1 The flesh of the tree is a tree, and the tree is a tree.
27: 1 And Abraham said unto them, Behold, I will not speak with them;
28: 1 The children of Abraham spoke to them, and Isaac was victorious, and he heard the voice of the LORD.
29: 1 I have given birth unto you, and they are in the midst of the wilderness of Israel: they are the sons of the children of Israel, and the people of the land of Israel, and of Adablah, and of their captivity.
30: 1 It is a name for the people of Israel, and it is for the people of Israel.
31: 1 It is not clear that there is darkness in the sea, but it is cold, but it is not with them;
32: 1 And the children of the tribe of Keturah, the Philistines of the tribe of Abra, were born, and the children of Zechariah were married, and they were married to them, and they were among them, and they were there, and they dwelt among them, and the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land, the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land.
33: 1 And the children of Meidah, the children of Aynah, the son of Zafar, the son of Zachon, and the father of Ada, and of Ada, of all the children of Israel, the children of Keturah,
34: 1 And the sons of Abraham, the sons of Isaac, the sons of Isaac, the sons of Isaac, Isaac, Isaac, Esau, and Jeshraa.
35: 1 The children of Esau, Esau, did Elijah, the son of Zerua, the son of Gilead, and his wife, and his wife, and his wife.
36: 1 The son of Elijah, the son of Zephyr, the son of Zephyr, the son of Zippo, of Zippo, and of Gathath, of them, Kenan, and Zephaniah, and Amalek.
37: 1 The children of Reu'a, the sons of Nerah, the son of Zerah, the name of Shem, the son of Zechariah, and Mizzah.
38: 1 And the children of the people of Israel, the light of Lot, and the captives, and of the tribe of Zephon, and of Anan, and Deushah, and of Nazareth, and Deushah of Saadan.
39: 1 And the sons of Loti, the sons of Hormon, and the men of Hatham, and the brothers of Lotah, of the tribe of Timna.
40: 1 The children of the tribe of Shubal, for the children of Israel, and for the people of Israel, and for the children of Israel, and for the children of Israel, and for the children of Israel, and for the children of Israel.
41: 1 The children of the children of Anas, the sons of Dushis, the sons of Sivan, the sons of Dushan, of Hamon, of Haman, of Ashdod, and of the tribe of Zephyr, and of Tiran, and of Kacharan.
42: 1 In the name of the sons of Ezer, the sons of Baz, the sons of Nathaniel, and Zazu, of Yannak, of Bazan, of Nishai, of Dishon, of Ozerz, and of Aron.
43: 1 And, behold, the kings, that were as they were, were not in the land of the people, but they turned before me, because they went to the children of Israel, and the children of Ba'al-ba'al came to them, and their cities were destroyed, and their cities were destroyed, and they were destroyed.
44: 1 And it came to pass, in the midst of the wilderness, and it came to pass, that Thou shalt see it, and it came to him, and the son of Zephariah came out of the land of Nazareth.
45: 1 And it came to pass, when Joseph came, and he returned to him, and he came to him, and they were not ashamed of them, because they were not from the land of the Timonites.
46: 1 And it came to pass, when they were ashamed of them, and they came to the house of Thamath, the son of David, and the son of David, that was in the land of Moab, and in their land,
47: 1 And when the LORD came down, he came to him, and he came to him, and he came to him, and he gave him bread;
48: 1 And it came to pass, that Samuel was coming, and he was full of his strength;
49: 1 And it came to pass, when Saul was gone, and he went down to his house, and they came to him in the midst of Hanan, whereupon Ben-Akab was born.
50: 1 And he went to the house of Hanan, and he returned to him, and he returned to him under his feet, and he returned to them, and their city was destroyed, and the city of Israel was destroyed, and their land was destroyed, because the tribe of Israel came from the tribe of Bat-Matar, and the tribe of Bamatha was there.
51: 1 And it came to pass, that the Lord had come down, and they had been crucified, so that I might go down to them, and I would not go down with them; but upon them they would not go.
52: 1 I am not afraid, but I will come to you, and I will not go down with them;
53: 1 I am not a son of the king; but I am not with you; but you are not with me.
54: 1 But they were not magnified, but they were not the people of the city, but they were the people of the people.
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (55 verses)‬
1: 2 O son of Israel, they are the children of Israel; they are the ones who rejoice; they are the ones who hear the voice of the LORD, and the LORD is the one who sees them.
2: 2 Deuteronomy 17: 9 And Joseph the son of Nathan, the son of Naphtal, the father of Gad, and the wife of Asher.
3: 2 Son of Yahweh, Yahweh, of Ezer, and of Jonah, of Shelah, of Shelah, of Shelomo, of Nezulad, of the daughter of Moses, the daughter of Sodom, and of the house of the children of Simeon, and of the children of Simeon. And of the children of Judah, the Lord of the children of Israel, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts,
4: 2 And it came to pass, that thou shalt bring him forth, that he may bring forth the land, and all the sons of the children of Judah. ​​Jehoahudah, the son of Hamam, the son of Judah.
5: 2 The children of Perez, the son of Perez, and Johan, and Samuel, and Saul.
6: 2 And the children of Zechariah, Zechariah, Miriam, and Eithan, and the Yamanites, and all of them, and all the children of the tribe of Kohram,
7: 2 And the children of Israel, as in the vineyard of the land of Israel, were the firstborn of the land of Israel.
8: 2 And the children of Israel were with me: they were my goats.
9: 2 And the children of the children of Hebron, the children of Israel, were born to the children of Israel, and they brought the children of Judah, and their families, and all the rest of them.
10: 2 And when they were destroyed, they brought down Aminoad and Zeeb and Amidab, and Holad destroyed Noah. They were married; they were sons, and Jehoiada was there.
11: 2 And Nahshon was afraid of the people of Solomon, but he did not destroy the people of the house of Boaz.
12: 2 And Boaz said, Behold, thou shalt go down, and go down, and go down, and go down, and go down with my sword.
13: 2 And Ishay, Holid, and Bechor, slew Elijab, and Abinadab, the three of them, and heard the three of my servants.
14: 2 Let the LORD be the Lord of the four hundred, so that he may go down to the fifth place.
15: 2 The sixth day of the sixth day is David, who is the sixth of the seven.
16: 2 And their brethren, and their brethren, were the children of Israel, and Abigail, and the sons of Israel, the villages of Zeruiah, the father of Abyssinia, and the Levites, and the inhabitants of the land of Silesia.
17: 2 And Abigail begat the son, thou shalt not see the people of Amazah; but the father of the people of Amazah is not the remnant of the Israelites.
18: 2 And all the sons of Hazzar the son of Zohon, and the sons of Hazaar, the daughter of Hazzar, and the women of Judah, and the children of Yazoam, and Ziloh, of her sons, of Yashar, and of Shubb, and of Arad;
19: 2 And you shall return to me, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
20: 2 And the people of Holod, the son of Uri, were cut off: and Uri, the son of Zephath, the son of Zechariah,
21: 2 And Ahar, the son of the daughter of Mechir, the father of the daughter of Makkir, the father of the sons of Gilo, the son of Shesh, the son of Shesh, the son of Shesh, the son of Shesh, the son of Shesh;
22: 2 And the glory of the son of Zubayl took Yא֑֑֑֑֑֑ ו ו, and he was there for ten years, and there was peace and peace in the land of the land of Gilead.
23: 2 And Jakeh, Gesh, the son of Saad, the father of Aaron, the son of Hatham, the son of Gatha, the son of Gilea, the son of Gilea, the son of Gilea, the son of Gilea, the son of Gila, the son of Gilea.
24: 2 And Ahar the son of Hazzar the son of Aaron, the daughter of Ephrath, and the wife of Hetzron, and the father of Hatham, and the son of Gilead, for his wife, Esau, was rebellious.
25: 2 And the sons of Jerahamah were with me in the midst of the wall of the wilderness, and the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel, and the sons of Jerahmah.
26: 2 And you, O daughter of Israel, have given birth to the LORD, and I have given it to you, and I have given it to them, and I have given it to them;
27: 2 And behold, the children of their children are in the furnace of the wind; they are merciful to them, and they are thirsty.
28: 2 And they were the sons of the sons of Anon, who were there, and they were born, and they were born, and they were there, and they were in the wilderness, and Abish, and Saad.
29: 2 And when Abyssinia was married, his father was afraid of him, and he begged him to bring his brother to death, and to Moladath.
30: 2 And the children of Nedav, the children of Szilad, and Ephim, and the children of Sethlod, the son of Nunam,
31: 2 And the children of Abimeon, shall be saved, and the children of Israel shall be saved, that they may be the children of the children of Israel, but that they are not.
32: 2 And the children of Israel knew that they were brethren, and that they were there, and they were there, and they were there, and they came to the house of the LORD.
33: 2 And the children of Jonah, Jonah, were numbered, and the children of the tribe of Azzahl were there, because they were not sons, but they were afraid of them.
34: 2 And it came to pass, that there was no god, that they were not sons, that they were born, but that they were sons of the children, and that they were not in the midst of Egypt, and that their name was in the air.
35: 2 And when the daughter of his daughter had married him, his servant was afraid, and his servant was afraid of his wife, and she gave birth to him, and he brought him to the house.
36: 2 And when I came to the house, I gave birth to you, and they were there, and they brought down Zebedtze.
37: 2 And Zolub went to the Philistines, and Abel, and Holad, and Obad.
38: 2 And the servant of Holad begat Yahweh, and behold, behold, he hath taken away the people of Azarez.
39: 2 And Azariah returned to the house of Hatham the king, and the children of Hilel were brought to Elasah.
40: 2 And unto Esau hath he taken away the seed of the sword, and it is not yet, but he hath brought the hand of the people to death.
41: 2 And it came to pass, that thou hast given up the people of the land, and it was brought up to them, that it may be given to Jehovah the LORD.
42: 2 And the son of Levi was like a heart, and he was with me, and he was afraid of him, and he was ashamed of him, because of his anger, his anger, and my father, my father, and my son, and my son, my lord, my father, my father;
43: 2 And the sons of the sons of Israel were buried, and the people of Koh-ar-Rahah and Tapuah were destroyed, and Reham was raised, and he heard the noise.
44: 2 And when I heard the voice of the LORD, I gave them up to them, and I gave them up, and I gave them up to them.
45: 2 And the son of Shammam said: 'I will not let you go, and I will come to you.'
46: 2 And when he looked down, he gave up all the vessels of the house, and he brought them to the house of Aaron, 17 and Mozzah, and Gezaz, and Hazor, and Hulid, and Gathaz.
47: 2 And the sons of Judah, Jehovah, have mercy on them, and they have come to them, and they have turned their backs on them, and they have turned away from them, and they are angry with them.
48: 2 Behold, there is no god but God, and there is no god but God, and there is no god but God.
49: 2 And the children of the tribe of Zaf, the father of the children of Madanah, saw the tribe of Shushan, but I did not destroy it, and the father of the tribe of Israel, and the father of the tribe of Gabaa, the daughter of all the inhabitants of the land of Akkas,
50: 2 Are they not in me now? All the children of Ben-Hahor are in the midst of the furnace of Ephrath, and they return to the house of Abel, but the villages of Yir'ar are not.
51: 2 I have taken up my father's bread, and I have given bread to them, and I have burned the house of Gedur.
52: 2 And the sons of the sons of Israel came to Shushav, and the children of Abiatha, the children of Kiriath, the children of Yara;
53: 2 And he that is, he that hath been blessed, he hath made the mountains, the mountains of the mountains, the mountains, and the captivity, and the people of the land, and the children of the tribe of Mezalah, from which have they come forth, the commandment of the wicked, and the wife of the wife,
54: 2 The son of Solomon, peace be upon him, the son of Levi, the son of Hittam, the son of Nath, the son of David, the son of Gertrude, the son of Gertrude, the son of Gertrude.
55: 2 And the family of the children of Sopheth said: "They sat down, and sat down, and sat down, saying," I heard the sound of the noise, and the noise of the hearing. "" Why are you not listening to me? Why are you crying? Why are you crying? Why are you afraid? Why are you afraid of me? Why do not you come to the house? "
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (24 verses)‬
1: 3 And they were the sons of the children of David, and they were the sons of the sons of David, and of them the sons of the sons of Israel, the children of Israel, of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel.
2: 3 The third thing is to the father of the children of Israel, the son of the son of Haggai, the son of Haggai, the son of Haggai, the daughter of Tamar.
3: 3 The five men, the judges, the children, the children, the children, the six, the children, the children, the children, the wife, the wife, and the wife.
4: 3 ששש֙֙נ֙ה נֽל֔ד-ל- ל֣נ בה בחב֔ר֔ב֔ו ון ויי֨ל֨מְל-ש֔םםםם ש֥ש֥בעע שש שש שש ום ושש֣ש֣ש֣ה֣ה חהֳהֳה֑ש֑ש֣ה וְש֣ש֣֣ש֣ה חה ושש֣ש֣ש֣ה חה ושש֣שִ֣לֽה:ם.
5: 3 And the children of his children were born in Jerusalem, but they were not satisfied, and they returned to them, and they returned, and they were full, and they were four hundred years old, and the daughter of Sheba was the daughter of Amia.
6: 3 And the LORD was afraid, and he was afraid;
7: 3 And Ngo, and Nephag, and Yapiah, came.
8: 3 And the Lord went down, and came into the valley, and turned to the tribe of Tesha'ah.
9: 3 As for the children of the children of David, the children of Meleb, the sons of Phineh, the children of Gilgamesh, and the family of Avtatham.
10: 3 And the son of Solomon, the father of Rehoboam, was his father, because he was his son, and his son, his son, was married, and Jehoshaphat was in his house.
11: 3 And the son of Abraham rose up, and his brother, his father, his son, and his son, and his son, his sons,
12: 3 Amaziah his son, his sons, and his goats, and his sons;
13: 3 A man, a man, a son of his son, a wise man, a man of his flock, a man of his wife, his sons.
14: 3 Ammon, his son, his wives, his father, his son, and his sons.
15: 3 And the children of Josiah, his father, the son of Bechor, the son of Jehoah, the son of the son of Levi, the son of Jehoiakim, the three of them, the Tzadekiah, of him, the four hundred,
16: 3 And the children of Jehoiakim were ashamed of him, because he was in his house, and his righteousness was in him.
17: 3 And the sons of Israel, Yekneh, the son of Aser, the ruler of Shaltiel, and his son.
18: 3 And they that are numbered of them, and of me, and of the children of the land, and of the sycophants, they shall raise up the land of the LORD, and bring forth the land of the LORD.
19: 3 And the children of the children of Israel, the children of Zerubbab, heard and heard, and the son of Zerubbabel, of the tribe of Shiloh, and they gave me bread, and their families came to them.
20: 3 And Ahashvah his wife, and he begged, and blessed her, and she gave me my inheritance, and she returned to me, and he went back to the house of the king of Hesham.
21: 3 And the son of Hananai, the daughter of Phyllai, had her children: her children, her children, her children, her children, her children, her children, her children, her children, her children, and her children.
22: 3 And the sons of Israel, the inhabitants of Shechem, heard it, and the children of Israel heard it, and the people of the tribe of Israel, and the people of Judah, and the sons of Judah, and the children of Judah, and the tribe of Shepha,
23: 3 And the son of Nerai, the son of Elijah, came to him, and Hazekiah, and to Azriq, they were three hundred and fifty.
24: 3 And the sons of the children of Elijah came to him, and they said unto him, Behold, my Lord is the LORD, and the Lord is the one, and the people of Jacob, and Jacob, and Jacob, and I, and the sons of Israel, and my generations;
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (43 verses)‬
1: 4 Son of Yahweh, he is the son of the king of the tribe of Hebron, and the vineyard, and the vineyard, and the oxen, and the brook.
2: 4 And behold, the son of Shobel, hath he taken away the inheritance, and the house of the king, and the people of Ahadam, and the LORD, the LORD, of the tribe of Shapiro, of the tribe of Zerathath;
3: 4 And I will bring you forth, and I will bring them forth, and they will not be thirsty: but they will not be afraid, nor shall they be afraid;
4: 4 And I begged you, O father, O God, and I have gone astray, but I have no sense of guilt; but I have given birth to them in the sons of the stranger, in the furnace of Ephrath.
5: 4 And I will not be ashamed of you, but I will not go astray, for I will be with you, and I will not be afraid of you.
6: 4 And he gave birth to his son Naara, the wife of Ahaz, the father of the tribe of Ephrath, and the Timanites, and the brother of Ahasarath, because of her sons, because she was her youth.
7: 4 And the son of Hela, the son of Zechariah, came out of the house, and came back to them, and they were with them.
8: 4 And the children of Hull, the son of Atan, and Job, and the tribe of Zephah, and the tribe of Kohath, the son of Haram, were destroyed.
9: 4 And Jehoiab, the servant of Nechab, was afraid of his brother, and his mother was called, because his name was Jacob, and he was not worthy of him, because he was with me, and he was with me in his stead.
10: 4 and Ikr֣a I֠abtz Lalh֨i Isra֜l Lam֗r Am-br֨c Tbrc֜ni and Hrb֤it At-gboli֙ and Hit֤h Idc֙ Am֔i and As֥it Mra֖h Lblt֣i Atzb֑i and Ib֥a Alh֖im A֥t Asr-saֽl:
11: 4 And all the men of the tribe of Shiloah were gathered together, saying, "Behold, I will bring the fire to the fire."
12: 4 And the wife of the son of Helphid, the daughter of Raphael, saw the tabernacle, and the camp of her father, her father, and she was with her, and she was with her;
13: 4 And the children of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the sons of Israel.
14: 4 And I will go down to you, and I will go down with you, and my ministers will go down, and I will bring love to my father, and my father will return to the land, and the land of Israel will be destroyed.
15: 4 And all the sons of Laban the son of Jephunneh: they reproached Elohah, and Na'amam, and Benna, Elijah, and Kenan.
16: 4 And the sons of the children, behold, they were filled with joy, and Zippah said unto them, Shoot ye, and let them be afraid.
17: 4 And Ben-Ezra the son of Jezreel, and Mordecai, and Zerapar, and Joan, and I saw the mountains of Meri, and them and Shechem, and I returned to them, because I was not married.
18: 4 and Ast֣o Hihdi֗h Ild֞h At-i֨rd Ab֤i Gdor֙ and At-h֙br֙ Ab֣i Soc֔o and At-ikֽotia֖l Ab֣i Zn֑oh and A֗lh Bni֙ Bti֣h Bt-fra֔h As֥r Lk֖h Mֽrd: S.
19: 4 And the sons of the women, the wives of the children of the tribe of Judah, the brothers of the sons of Natham, the father of the children of the tribe of Kohath, the Hagaramites, and the inhabitants of the land of Amazath.
20: 4 And the sons of Simeon were Amnon, Amnon, and Ronah, son of Hanan, and Tholon, and Thaliah, and Neon, and Beni, and Joshua, and Sheziah, and Zohath, and Ben-Zohath.
21: 4 My son, the son of Israel, son of Yahweh, son of Judah, I will not give up my father, nor shall I give up my debt: but I will not give up my inheritance, nor shall I have the inheritance of the house of Laboreth, but I will return to the land of the land of Ashab.
22: 4 And they were ashamed, and the men were lying, and they were, and the men of the tribe of Asher, who went up to Moab, and lived with them, to Laham, and to Hebron, and to Atzik.
23: 4 Behold, the LORD is the one who is mighty, and the one who sits down is not angry, and he is jealous of the people with whom he has gone through his work.
24: 4 My son, hearken unto them, and they shall be filled with wine, and they shall be filled with wine, and the wine shall be filled with wine.
25: 4 And they shall not be ashamed of him, because they will be ashamed of him, because they are his sons;
26: 4 And the sons of Amhma, the captain of Hamu, cursed him, and his son, he remembered his son, and he heard him, and he heard his sons.
27: 4 And he heard the children of the sons of the children of the tribe of Israel, that the sons of the children of Israel were married to them, and that they were not married, because they were not many, but they were many, and all the people of the tribe of Israel were there, and they were not raised against the children of the children. Jehoahudah.
28: 4 And he returned to him, and was in the house of the son of Sheba, and his children were born, and Hazor returned to Shiloah.
29: 4 And when he was ashamed of him, he came to him, and in the midst of the wilderness, and fell into the wilderness.
30: 4 And when he came to the house, he came to the camp, and he burned it, and he brought it to the valley.
31: 4 And the children of Merkheth, and the sons of Beshar, were raised, and were weeping in the sight of them, and they were in the midst of their captivity, but they were not with them, but they were still in the hands of David.
32: 4 And their strongholds were a multitude, and they were great, and they were rich, and they made them rich, and they made their cities hot.
33: 4 And all the children of the children of Israel were there, and the people of the land were round about, and the cities of Adar, the people of Adab, were afraid of them, and they brought them out of their places of worship, and their inheritance was theirs.
34: 4 And when he returned, he returned, and his wife came to her, and her son, Amaziah her son.
35: 4 And Jehoalom and Jehu were the son of Eli, the son of my sons, the son of Esai, the son of Levi.
36: 4 And to Avinoam, and to Jacob, and Leah, and Ishayahiah, and Adhiah, and Adaiah, and Shelah, and her sons, and her sons.
37: 4 And Zaza the son of Sheba, son of Elon, son of David, son of Shimshon, son of Shemaiah, of Leah.
38: 4 But these are the ones that come in the name of the women of the women, but they are in their families, and they have come to them, and their fathers, and their wives;
39: 4 And they went to the house of the king of Judah, and he went up to Mizrah, and the Haggaih, to Baalak, to Rezah, and to Luz,
40: 4 And it was found that there was a hundred forty-nine, and that there was a hundred forty-nine. And there was a tree, a tree, a tree, and a tree, and a tree, and there was a sea of ​​trees.
41: 4 and Ib֡ao Alh֩ Hctob֨im Bsm֜ot Bim֣i | Ihzki֣ho Mֽlc-ihod֗h and Ic֨o At-ahlih֜m and At- * Hmainim ** Hmaon֨im As֤r Nmtzao-s֙mh֙ and Ihrimm֙ Ad-hi֣om Hz֔h and Isb֖o Thtih֑m Cֽi-mra֥h Ltzan֖m Sֽm:
42: 4 And what are they ?: The children of the sons of Israel, that heard the voice of the people; they went to the camp, and the people of Israel, the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land.
43: 4 And he brought the remnant of the Philistines to the Amalekites, and they returned to their place, and they returned to them, and they returned to them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 5   (41 verses)‬
1: 5 and Bn֨i Raob֥n Bcֽor-isral֮ C֣i H֣oa Hbcor֒ and ֽbhllo֙ Itzoa֣i Ab֔io Ntnh֙ Bc֣rt֔o Lbn֥i Ios֖f Bn-isra֑l and L֥a Lhtih֖s Lbcrֽh:
2: 5 For the LORD is the LORD, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the merciful, the most merciful.
3: 5 The children of Reuben are in the house of Israel, and the Hananites, and the Philistines, are the cities of Hazon, and the Keremites.
4: 5 Son, be it, let him die, that he may make me angry with him, but his son, his son, and his children, hear him, and hear his words.
5: 5 You shall see him in his eyes, see him, his sons, and his children in his house.
6: 5 Behold, behold, the son of his son, is he, that is, he hath glorified, he hath glorified, and he hath glorified the seed of thy seed;
7: 5 And his brethren were obedient to his family, and they were in the midst of their inheritance, because they were rebellious, and the fire of the sword was gone, and my memory was filled with him.
8: 5 And Boaz the son of Boaz, the son of Levi, heard the son of Joan, saying, "Behold, I will be ashamed of the rain, and I will go up against it, and I will go out of my way."
9: 5 And Mizrah, who was sitting in the house of the LORD, went out of the house of the LORD unto Manna the son of Pharah, so that they might be taken from them, and they would not be in the land of Gilboa.
10: 5 And in the day that the people of Israel did so, they went out of battle with the people of Haggara, and they returned, and they went down, and they were in their hands, and they dwelt in the midst of the tents of their tents, and they were in the midst of all the children of Mizrah, the city of Gilgal.
11: 5 And the children of Gedud were against the children, but they returned, and they were not in the land of the sheep, even though they were not in their way.
12: 5 And Joaal, the son of Hesham, and Saad, went up against them, and the nine of them were asleep, and the people of the tribe of Israel were in captivity.
13: 5 And their brethren, and their fathers, and their wives, and their wives, and their wives, and their wives, and the captives, and the men of the land, and the people of the land, and Ziriah, and the tribe of Siba'a,
14: 5 I am with you, son of Abraham, son of Jehu, son of Horah, son of Gilead, son of Mechiah, son of Jessiah, son of Jehadah, son of Ben-Boaz.
15: 5 My brethren, son of Abediah, son of Gennon;
16: 5 And he returned to him, in the midst of the gulf, in the flesh of them, and in their sons, and in them, and in the garden of the roots of the trees, and they prevailed over their iniquities.
17: 5 All of them, who were living in the house, were in their midst, but they were not numbered, because they were in the way of Yahweh, and they were in the midst of them, but they were not afraid of them, because they were in the midst of the children of Israel.
18: 5 Bnֽi-raob֨n and Gd֜i and Htz֥i Sֽbt-mnsh֮ Mn-bni-hil֒ A֠nsim Nsa֨i Mg֤n and H֙rb֙ and D֣rci K֔st and Lmod֖i Mlhm֑h Arba֨im and Arba֥h A֛lf and Sba-ma֥ot and Ss֖im Itza֥i Tzbֽa:
19: 5 And he did it with a sword, and with it they went out to the Hagarites, and they were not cut down, and they were burned, and they were burned.
20: 5 And Jezreel went up against them, and they gave them in their hands, because they were angry with them, and they were in the midst of them, because they were not, because they were not, but they were not, and they went to the house of the king, and they went to them, and they went down to them, because they were in their land.
21: 5 And he dwelt among them, and they brought them into the house, and they returned to them, and they returned to them, and they went back to them, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they came to them.
22: 5 When the people of Galilee fought, they multiplied, so that they could not escape from God, but they were not in the army, and dwelt among them, and they were under their feet until the time of the wave.
23: 5 And behold, the half-man of the tribe of Laban, of Manasseh, sat down; and he returned to the land of Bashan, even before them, because of the burning of the vineyard, and the burning of the river, and the mountain of Hebron, and the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains.
24: 5 and A֖lh Ras֣i Bit-abot֑m and A֡fr and Isa֡i and Alia֡l and ֠azrial and Irmi֨h and Hodoi֜h and Ihdia֗l Ansim֙ Gb֣ori H֔il Ans֣i Sm֔ot Ras֖im Lb֥it Abotֽm:
25: 5 And he said unto them, Behold, I am with thee, whose fathers are they, and they shall be put to shame, even after the people of the land, wherewith the people of God shall go away from their faces.
26: 5 and Iar֩ Alh֨i Isra֜l At-r֣oh | F֣ol Mֽlc-as֗or and At-r֙oh֙ Tlg֤t Fln֙sr֙ M֣lc As֔or and Iglm֙ Lraobn֣i and Lgd֔i and Lhtz֖i S֣bt Mns֑h and ֠ibiam Lhl֨h and Hb֤or and Hra֙ and Nh֣r Goz֔n A֖d Hi֥om Hzֽh: P.
27: 5 The children of Levi, are not they, and they are uprooted, and are not they;
28: 5 And the sons of the children of Kohath, the children of Amor, were there: the children of Zerah, the son of Zerah, of Hebron, and of Uziah,
29: 5 And the sons of Amor: Amram, Aaron, Aaron, and Moashah, and Meriam, and Saban, O Aaron, and Nebesh, and Abiatha, and Elazar the son of Asher, and Eitamar.
30: 5 And unto Hazar, thou shalt bring down the house of Phineh, and it is the land of Phineh, which is the land of Hilead, the Abish, the tribe of Sodah.
31: 5 And Abishah, and Zu'al, the son of Zedek, and B֔k֔֔֔ ו ו ו ו֖֖֖ הו הו הו הו הו הו הו הו הו הו א א א א א א א א ת-עֽֽֽֽֽ
32: 5 And Boaz said, Behold, thou shalt bring forth the seed of my life, and it shall come to pass, that I may be satisfied with it;
33: 5 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt take away my words, and say, Behold, thou shalt take away the fire of the fire.
34: 5 And Ahitub, the king of Hush, and Zadok, and Zoch, and Hulk, and Hulim, and Ahidam, and Zach;
35: 5 And Ahimelez, the son of Hazael, gave birth to the people of Azarez, and they returned to me, and they gave them their inheritance.
36: 5 And Jehohanan, having given birth to the people of Azzarai, said to him, "Behold, I am a woman, because I saw that she was the son of a woman whose son was born, and that she was born in Jerusalem."
37: 5 And the children of Azari brought up Amarei, and said to him, "Behold, I have given up my hand to the LORD."
38: 5 And Ahitob, who is the ruler of the tribe of Zoch, and the side of Zoch, and Hulid, and Shiloah, were destroyed.
39: 5 And it came to pass, that the people of Hilkiah were cut off, and that it was a halachic offering to them, that they should take away their goats.
40: 5 And I will return to you, and I will destroy my flesh, and my ministers will go down, and I will bring your hands to the ground.
41: 5 ויאצדד֣ק הל הה הלל֔ה֔ה֔ה בְּּהגג֣ל֣הו יהו יהו יה יה֔ו֔ה אתהּּד֖הו֖ה וִרושִל֑םםם ביי֖ד נֻבַכדדננאאצֽֽר: ס.
‪xxxx  Chapter 6   (66 verses)‬
1: 6 The children of Levi, Levi, Gershon, Abram, Koh, and Mattar.
2: 6 And I will send you into the land of the children of Gershom, and they shall build me up, and I will hear them.
3: 6 And the sons of the children of Kohath, the children of Amor, were destroyed, and Yitzhar went out, and broke up with them, and went up to them.
4: 6 Behold, my son is rebellious, and I am not afraid of him, and I will bring him to the house of the LORD, and I will bring him to the house of his fathers.
5: 6 To the messenger of the sons of Abraham, to the children of Israel, to his sons, to him, to his son, to him, to him, to his sons;
6: 6 And his son, the son of his sons, was with him in his house, and his sons were in his house;
7: 6 The son of the king of Israel came down to the people of Anbar, and his son returned to him, and his son returned to him, and cursed his sons.
6: 6 And his son, his son, and his father, and his sons, and Esir, his sons;
9: 6 Thou hast seen his son, O Uriah, his son, his son Boaz, his son, his son, and his son, and his son.
10: 6 And the children of Elkanah, Amazah, Amazai, and Ahimeam, were there.
11: 6 The son of Elkanah, his son, son of Eli, is not his son, nor is Zofan his son, and his son is his son.
12: 6 Elijah, his son, his son, is his spirit, because he is his son, because he is his son.
13: 6 And the children of Shammoh, the son of Abkhazar, and Shani, and Abiֽֽ:.
14: 6 Behold, my son is rebellious, and he is not afraid of me, but he is his son, because he is his son, and he hears his words, and his sons, his strength, and his sons.
15: 6 He heard his son, his son, Haggai, his son, his son, his servants, and his sons.
16: 6 And I will bring him to the throne of David, the son of David, on the right hand of the fire, and the LORD shall come out of the midst of the land of the LORD.
17: 6 And I will be ashamed of you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you in the house of the LORD, and I will be with you in the house of your children.
18: 6 And the children of the children stood up, and the children of the children of Israel, the children of Hathath, the Yemenite, the king of the Assyrians, the son of Joan, the son of Shemuela.
19: 6 The son of Elkanah, the son of Jerah, the son of Elias, the son of Beth-sheah.
20: 6 Son of Zipp, son of Elkanah, son of Midath, son of Amish.
21: 6 The son of Elkanah, the son of Joaal, the son of Azari, the son of Zephaniah, her son.
22: 6 The son of Thoth was the son of Esau, the son of Abijas, the son of Kokh.
23: 6 Son of Jitzah, son of K֔h, son of Levi, son of Yisra'ֽl.
24: 6 And his brother Esau, the son of Amad, rose up against his right hand; and Esau, the son of Barakeh, gave him the son of Shema.
25: 6 The son of Micah, son of Laban, son of Malchiah, her son.
26: 6 The son of Annethai, son of Zerah, the son of Adai,
27: 6 Son of Eith, son of Zimeh, son of Shemaiah.
28: 6 The son of Jahath the son of Gersheth, the son of Levi;
29: 6 And the son of Meri, the son of Abed, the son of Mamad, the son of Abed;
30: 6 Son of Hashabiah, son of Amaziah, son of Hilkiah;
31: 6 The son of Amaziah, the son of Bennizi, the son of Simeon;
32: 6 The son of Mahalai, the son of Mooshe, the son of Merar, the son of Levi.
33: 6 And their brethren, they were the ones who were with them; they were slaughtered by the hand of the servants, and they were the servants of the house of the LORD.
34: 6 And ֽahr֨n and Bn֜io Mktir֨im Al-mzb֤h Hֽaolh֙ and Al-mzb֣h Hkt֔rt Lc֕l Ml֖act K֣ds Hkds֑im and Lcfr֙ Al-isra֔l Ccl֙ As֣r Tzo֔h Ms֖h A֥bd Halhֽim: P.
35: 6 And his son said unto him, Behold, the son of Azazar, his son, is his father, and he is his son, and his father is his father, and his father is his father.
36: 6 Behold, the son of his son, Boaz, is his son, and his son, Zerah, is his son, and he is his son.
37: 6 Merry is his daughter, saying, Behold, I have said unto him, Behold, I will make sure that he is in his house.
38: 6 And the children of Jacob, his sons, were with him;
39: 6 And I will send them to their captivity, but they will not go down to them, but they will return to me, but they will not be born to me. "Aaron said to the family," How are you? Why are you crying? Why? Why are they not the same?
40: 6 And the sons of Israel came to them, and they took the covenant with them in the midst of the land of Jehudah, and the gardeners were there, surrounded by them.
41: 6 And the fire of the fire, and the heat thereof, were given to all the children of the son of Japunah.
42: 6 And the sons of Aaron, behold, they gave the ark of the rod, which brought forth the rod of Jonah, and the sons of Liban, and the gorchites of it, and of Jethar, and of Eshetam, and of Gersheth, of Sihah.
43: 6 And Hilzeh, and Gerash, and Edith, Deborah, and Gerash, and Sihaih.
44: 6 And Eshen the king, and Gersheth his wife, and the daughter of Anith, that was five, and Gareth the king of Sihaih.
45: 6 And Mmt֣h Bnim֗n At-g֤ba and At-mgrs֙ih֙ and At-al֣mt and At-mgrs֔ih and At-ant֖ot and At-mgrs֑ih Cl-arih֛m Sls-asr֥h A֖ir Bmsfhotihֽm: S.
46: 6 And the sons of the tribe of Kohath, the sons of the sons of the tribe of Mihtah, of the tribe of Mihtah, of the tribe of Mihtah, of Mihtah, of the tribe of Mihtah, of Hittin, of the tribe of Manasseh, of Baghor, of Arar;
47: 6 And Lbn֨i Grs֜om Lmsfhot֗m Mmt֣h I֠sscr and Mmt֨h As֜r and Mmt֣h Nftl֗i and Mmt֤h Mnsh֙ Bbs֔n Ar֖im Sl֥s Asrֽh: S.
48: 6 To the children of Meira, they are the children of their families, because they have not given birth to them, but they have taken away their wives, and they have given them bread, and they have given them bread, and they have given it to them.
49: 6 And the sons of Israel gave themselves to him, and they brought them to the cities, and to them that were uprooted by them.
50: 6 And Itn֣o Bgor֗l Mmt֤h Bni-ihodh֙ and Mmt֣h Bni-sma֔on and Mmt֖h Bn֣i Bnim֑n A֚t Har֣im Ha֔lh Asr-ikra֥o Ath֖m Bsmֽot: S.
51: 6 And when the children of the tribe of Israel came to them, there was a plague, and there was a wall of mountains, and their gates were full of mountains. Mtteh was the father of Ephraim.
52: 6 And they gave to them the horns of the thorns, and they slew them both, and the plowshares of them, in the midst of Ephrath, and Gezer, and Gerash, and his hosts.
53: 6 And it was the voice of the king, and of her roots, and her, and of the children of the city of Horun, and of Gersheth of Judah.
54: 6 And Eleon the king, and Gersheth his wife, and Gatham, Ramon, and Gathar, and Sihaih.
55: 6 And it came to pass, that it was a mantle of wood, that it was made from the corn of the cornstocks, and the plow of them, and its plowshares, to the breadbasket, to the children of the kohl, to the sons of Kohath.
56: 6 To the children of Gershon, there was a hundred thousand people of the tribe of Heshti, who brought it out from Manasseh, the tribe of Goshen, and the Gershonites, and the Mahathars, the townsmen, and the Migrash, the inhabitants of Saida.
57: 6 And he brought it out to him, and he slew the young man, and brought him out of the garden, and brought him to the house, and the garden of his fields.
58: 6 And the Ramothites, and the Migrashites, and them, and their families, and the Migrashites, and their villages.
59: 6 And Maman made him king of Asher, and of Gersheth his wife, and of Abed-hinnon, and of Gersheth of Judah.
60: 6 And the heat of the ox, and the grain of it, and the wind, and the plow of its branches.
61: 6 And Motha, the daughter of Naphtal, slew him, and slew him with her brethren, and her mother, and her father, and her mother, and her mother, and her children, and her children.
62: 6 To me the children of Merari, the mighty ones, are the ones who have given birth to him; they have taken away their sheep, and they uprooted them, and they slew the birds, and the plowshares of their fields.
63: 6 6 And when he went down to Gerad, they fled to Mizarah, and the Jordanites were in the midst of them, seeing the greatness of the house, and the people of the wilderness, and the uprooting of its branches, and the burning of the fire, and the uprooting of its branches.
64: 6 And the forebears, and the threshing-boards, and the mihpah, and the threshing-boards, and the fields thereof.
65: 6 And Mumtah the G-d's mother-in-law was brought up in the midst of the valley, and the girders of her garden, and of the camp of Mahan, and of Gersheth, of Sihaih.
66: 6 And Hashabun, and Gezer, his wife, and Jazer, and Gehorash, and Saihah.
‪xxxx  Chapter 7   (40 verses)‬
1: 7 And the son shall be ashamed, and he shall be filled with sorrow; and he shall return; and he shall return; and there shall be peace; and he shall keep his counsel.
2: 7 and Bn֣i Tol֗a Az֡i and Rfi֡h and ֽ֠irial and Ihm֨i and Ibs֜m and Smoa֗l Ras֤im Lbit-abotm֙ Ltol֔a Gb֥ori H֖il Ltldot֑m Msfrm֙ Bim֣i Do֔id Asrֽim-osn֥im A֖lf and S֥s Maֽot: S.
3: 7 And the sons of the sons of the goats, the children of the children of Judah, the sons of the children of Judah, the children of Israel, and the children of the tribe of Judah;
4: 7 And they went up to their children, but they did not return to their fathers, but they were redeemed, and the tribe of the tribe of Israel was in the midst of the sea, and there was none of them, but the people of Israel were burned down, because they were not quarreling; they were men, and they were sons.
5: 7 And their brethren, all of them were in the house of the captivity, and they were ashamed of the mighty men of Galilee; they were soldiers, and they were numbered, and they were not satisfied, and they were not satisfied.
6: 7 The children of Israel were in the midst of the wilderness, and the land of the land was destroyed.
7: 7 and Bn֣i B֗la Atzb֡on and Az֡i and ֠azial and Irim֨ot and Air֜i Hms֗h Rasi֙ B֣it Ab֔ot Gbor֖i Hil֑im and Htihs֗m Asr֤im and Sn֙im֙ A֔lf and Sls֖im and Arbaֽh: S.
8: 7 And the son of Bezeker remembered the name of him: and he went to the house of the LORD, and came to us, and came to me, and the people of Israel, and Jeremiah the father, and the father of Judah, and the children of Israel, and all the women of Israel, and all the children of Baher.
9: 7 And they made their inheritance to their children, but they were their heads, but their fathers were not, but they were mighty, and they were not, but they were ten, and they were not, and they were not.
10: 7 And the children of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the sons of Israel, the sons of Judah, the tribe of Judah, and the tribe of Judah.
11: 7 All the children of Israel are with you, the LORD is the LORD, and the Lord is the chief of the family. The father is a great man; he is mighty; he is a soldier, and he is not seven; he is a servant; he is a mighty man; he is not a man; but he is thirsty;
12: 7 And their hearts were broken, and they were bound by the children of the children: but the children of Hushasham slept in them;
13: 7 Behold, the children of Naphtali, the sons of the children of Israel, are the sons of the children of Israel, and the people of the land of Israel have been destroyed.
14: 7 Son of man, man of men, wife of Israel, a woman of valor, a woman of valor, a child of valor, a child of the children of Israel.
15: 7 And to the king of Lokah, the wife of Levi, the son of Chopheth, came to Lashpop, and his wife, and his wife, his wife, and her husband, and their wives, and the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the children of Israel.
16: 7 And the children of Makkir, the women of Makkir, were married, and they came to them, and they rose up, but their name was no more, and they were there, and they were there, and there was no son, and they were children;
17: 7 And the children of the children of the sons of Man, the sons of Judah,
18: 7 And his mother, the king, gave birth to the daughter of Esau, and to Abed, and Abiath, Zer, and Mahal, her son.
19: 7 And behold, the children of the children of Israel were destroyed, and my brothers were driven away, and they took you away, and took them away, and I brought them to them.
20: 7 And the son of Ephraim, Ephrath, begotten his son, and his sons, and his sons, and his sons, and his sons, and his sons.
21: 7 And Zabad his son, and his daughters, and his wife, and the children of the tribe of Gath, the children of the children, were not in the land, because they were afraid of them, and they brought them down to their places.
22: 7 And Abel was grieved for her father, because they were many, and many of them were afraid, and they came to see him, and they came to him to comfort him.
23: 7 And his wife came to him, and he gave birth to them, and he gave birth to them, and he began to take his name into his house, because he was in trouble, but he was in his house.
24: 7 And the children of his father, who were with him, gave birth to the house of Aaron, and they brought the ships, and the people of the land, and the land of Oz, that was the land of Israel.
25: 7 And Reuben the son of his son saw him, and he smote him, and they came to him with his son, and they took his son with him.
26: 7 And his sons, his people, his people, and his sons, his people, and his sons, and his sons.
27: 7 And the children of his sons, Jeho֥֥֥֥֥, remained in his house.
28: 7 And thou hast taken possession of them, and they have been given to them, and they have been given to them, and their sons, and to Mizrah, the sons of Na'ar, the son of Zerah, and the sons of Zerah, and the sons of Ziyad, the sons of Sheshkhem, and the sons of Nihon, the sons of Adhai, and the sons of her daughters.
29: 7 and Al-id֣i Bni-mns֗h Bit-sa֤n and Bnt֙ih֙ Tan֣c and Bnt֔ih Mgd֥o and Bnot֖ih D֣or and Bnot֑ih Ba֙lh֙ Isb֔o Bn֥i Ios֖f Bn-israֽl: P.
30: 7 The son of Israel is a woman, and she is not worthy of her, and they have married her, and they have married her, and they have become rich in her, and her family has become unclean.
31: 7 And the sons of the children of Beriah, the sons of Hibber, and Malkiah, of Haza, of Abba, of Abi, of Brazah, of Bereziah,
32: 7 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt bring down the light of the heat, and the heat of the heat, and the heat thereof, and the bread of their heart, and their flesh, and their flesh.
33: 7 And the children of Israel, the people of Israel, shall not be ashamed of you, and they shall do their work, and they shall do it.
34: 7 And the children of the children of Israel were raised, and the people of the land were burned, and they saw them.
35: 7 And Ben-Hillel, his brethren, was strong, and he was strong, and he was weak, and he became rich.
36: 7 The son of Zippo, the son of Samuel, the son of Zippo, and the son of Zafar, and Shiloh, and of Beri, and of Jeremiah.
37: 7 Be fruitful, and be fruitful; and it is the name of the woman, and she and her three, and they shall be blessed, and they shall be brought forth.
38: 7 And the children of Jephthah, Jephunneh, and Phasapa, were there, and they saw her.
39: 7 And the children of the tribe of Ullah, see Aramaic, and Hanan, and Rachel, and Rezia.
40: 7 Cl-a֣lh Bni-a֠sr Ras֨i Bit-hab֤ot Brorim֙ Gbor֣i Hil֔im Ras֖i Hnsia֑im and Htihs֤m Btzba֙ Bmlhm֔h Msfr֣m Ans֔im Asr֥im and Ss֖h Aֽlf: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 8   (40 verses)‬
1: 8 And the sons of Naim, who were born in the midst of the house of the king, went up to him in the midst of his captivity, and he went down to the two of them, and to the third of the three men of the tribe of Judah.
2: 8 Noah was the son of the LORD, and he was forty-seven;
3: 8 And the sons of the children came to him, and Adam came to him, and he was not jealous, and her father was afraid.
4: 8 And Abish, and Zu'a, and Na'aman, and Ahahahahahahah.
5: 8 And Hagarah, and Shaphapan, and Hahoram.
6: 8 And my son, O son of the king, rose up against them, saying, "Behold, they are the heads of the fathers, the fathers of the children, the children of the people of the land, and the inhabitants of the land."
7: 8 And Na'aman, and Ahijah, were jealous, and Hagarah, they were not, and Hagalam, and they brought the people of Azazah, and Ahathias,
8: 8 And the children of Israel were born in the land of Israel;
9: 8 And the sons of Judah came out of the house of the wife, and brought him to Jacob, and his men, and the men, and them, and them.
10: 8 And Jephthus, and my brother-in-law, and her mother, her daughter, and his sons, the chief;
11: 8 And Mahashim, and Hulim, the son of Abiath, and Job, and Elph, went away.
12: 8 And the children of Elaph spoke to him about the time and time of their lives, and the people of Judah saw him and his son and his sons and his sons.
13: 8 And in the wickedness of the Lord, when he heard the voice of the Lord, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, and the Father;
14: 8 And my brother, his name is the one who is oppressed;
15: 8 And Zabdeh, the son of Zerah, and Arad, and Zadar;
16: 8 And it came to pass, and Joseph gave her strength, and her son was not in her bed.
17: 8 And my servants shall be ashamed of them; and they shall be filled with them, and they shall be strong;
18: 8 And he saved me; and Zeiliah came, and Labab the son of Elijah went up to Elaph.
19: 8 And they shall be ashamed, and shall be remembered, and I will be numbered.
20: 8 And the Lord answered, And I saw him, and I asked him.
21: 8 And my eyes were in sight, and behold, they kept their sons, so that they heard them.
22: 8 And he gave them strength, and he went away, and asked them to inquire.
23: 8 And Abed the son of Zephaniah, and Zachar, and Hanan;
24: 8 And they blessed me, and made them high, and made me angry with them.
25: 8 And David, and Paniel, and Penauil, the son of Benjamin;
26: 8 And my servants, and my servants, and her servants, and her children were her servants.
27: 8 And my fathers, and they, and to me, remembered, and remembered, my son, they were their spirit.
28: 8 I am with you, the chief of the people; but I will not give birth to them, but they will not be born, but they will not return to their homes.
29: 8 And when he was hungry, he dwelt, and he turned away: and he was angry with them, and they were with them, and their wives had lost them.
30: 8 And his son, the son of Baabar, the servant of the servant of Zon, and Zachor, and Kushish, and Abel, and Nadab;
31: 8 And Gadur, and his brother, his wife, and Zechkar.
32: 8 And the king said to them, I will bring the name of Shema with her, and if it is not, then will her brother be returned to them, and they will return to her, and they will be rebuilt with their brethren.
33: 8 And there was a candle, and there was a sword, and there was a sword, and there was darkness, and there was darkness, and there was darkness, and there was no sign of the LORD, and the people of the land, and of the kings of the tribe of Judah, and of the father of Judah, of Sheba, and of Eshba, of Elah.
34: 8 And the son of Yֹoת֖neh was rebellious, and he rebuked him, and rebelled against him, and he gave up the hand of the LORD.
35: 8 And the children of Mechikah, the daughter of Phaeton, and of Mealach, and Taruath and Ahazaz.
36: 8 And Ahaz took the oath of Yahweh, and the LORD was with him, and he gave birth to the people, and brought them to Mizmeth, and Zaman, and Zacharai, to destroy the land of Moses.
37: 8 And Moses gave the son of Benna the son of Raphael, because he was his son, because he was in his house, and his son was in his house.
38: 8 And to the sages of the tribe of Shesh, sons of Israel, and to them were their names, and they were the men of the people of Israel: the people of Israel, the inhabitants of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land, and the people of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land, all of them.
39: 8 And the sons of Anzek, his brother, and his brothers, were in the midst of him, and the people of the tribe of Israel were stirred up, and the people of the tribe of Israel were afraid of them.
40: 8 And behold, they were sons of men; they were men; they were mighty men; and they were sons; they were sons, and sons; and sons, and sons of men, and men, and men of all men, sons of men, and sons of men.
‪xxxx  Chapter 9   (44 verses)‬
1: 9 And all Israel shall rejoice, and they shall be put to death, and they shall repent against the scepter of the kingdom; and they shall be exalted, and they shall be wise; they shall be exalted, and shall not be ashamed of them in their midst.
2: 9 And the inhabitants of the mountains were the threshing-floor of Asir, but the people of Israel were in their villages, but the Israelites were the ones that were in their possession, and they were the ones who were with them.
3: 9 And Jerash, the son of Abraham, the son of Jehoiath, the son of Aaron, the son of Jehoiah, the son of Manam, the son of Benjamin, son of Benjamin, and Shem-Banan, of Ephraim, and of Manasseh of Judah.
4: 9 O son of Amia, son of Amor, son of Amor, son of Benjamin, son of Benjamin, son of David, son of David, son of Judah;
5: 9 And the man of the tribe of Gilon, did the work of the king, and the sons of his sons.
6: 9 And the sons of Zephariah were afraid, and their brethren were six hundred years old, and they were satisfied.
7: 9 And of the sons of the sons of Benjamin, because they were cursed by the son of Meshulam, because they were the sons of the children of the son of Susannah.
8: 9 And Laban the son of Jeruah, and they, son of Benazah; son of Mezher, and of them the son of Shapittai, son of Teraiah, son of Jebnah, her son.
9: 9 And their brethren said unto them, Thou shalt not go down, but they shall not be filled with bread, and they shall be five hundred and fifty. And all the men of the land shall be with them;
10: 9 And there was a count of the priests, and they were afraid of me; and Jehu rebuked them, and they were consumed.
11: 9 And Azari the son of Hilkiah, the son of Mishal, the son of Zadok, the son of Merit, the son of Ahit, the captain of the tribe of Nigid, the daughter of God.
12: 9 And Adonah was the son of Jerah, the son of Pashah, the son of Malchai, the son of Malchiah, and of Amaziah, the son of Adaiah, of Ben-Jehazah, the son of Meshulam, of them son of Meshal, the son of Amor.
13: 9 And their brethren, the first of them, were in the midst of their fathers, but they were not a thousand, and they returned to the land, and they returned to the land, and the men of Galilee were burned, and the men of the house of the LORD returned to the house of God.
14: 9 And the son of Heshai, the son of Heshai, the son of Zeraih, the son of Heshba, the son of Heshba, the son of Heshba, the son of Heshai, the son of Nahshai,
15: 9 And he begged the son of Asher, and Gilgal, and Mattaniah, son of Mecha, son of Zechariah, son of Asaph;
16: 9 And Obadiah was the son of Gilead, son of Gilead, son of Yidoth, son of Asa, and Berkiah, son of Asa, son of Elkanah, of Hushash, of Bazzer, of Netopheth.
17: 9 And the four hundred years that were numbered of them, and the people of Job, and Talmon, and Ahijam, and them, and their brethren, were they, and they were not married;
18: 9 And Adon, the son of the son of Moses, came down from the house of Mizrah, the daughter of Hahamah, the wife of the children of Nazareth.
19: 9 and Sl֣om Bn-k֠ora Bn-abis֨f Bn-k֜rh and ֽah֧io Lbit-ab֣io Hkrh֗im A֚l Ml֣act Habod֔h Smr֥i Hsf֖im La֑hl and Abֽtihm֙ Al-mhn֣h Iho֔h Smr֖i Hmbֽoa:
20: 9 And the son of Elaz the son of Elaz, the son of Elijah, the son of Elijah, went up against him, and they were not before him, but the LORD was with him.
21: 9 Remember that in the name of the Lord, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
22: 9 All of them, the mighty, the mighty, the Levites, are not the people of the tribe, but they have not yet come, but they have not yet been married;
23: 9 And they, and their sons, were upon the gate, to the house of the LORD, and they returned to the house of the children of Israel, to keep their promise.
24: 9 To multiply the spirit of the LORD, the LORD shall be the one who is satisfied, and the LORD shall be victorious, and the LORD shall be victorious.
25: 9 And her brethren were in her strongholds, and they were not with him, but they were seven hundred, and the men were not with them, but with the people of her.
26: 9 For it is in the faith, that it is the people, that they are mighty, and they are mighty; they are the men of the multitude; they are the men of the world, and they are the men of the world, and they are the people of the land of Israel, and the children of Israel are the ones that are in the midst of the LORD.
27: 9 And they surrounded the houses of the LORD, and they were not with us; for they were up against them, because they had been put to death, and they had been put to shame on the fire, and the heart was cold for the cold.
28: 9 And what is it that is over all things, that is the work of the people, because it is in the house of the assembly, that it shall come to them, and it shall be in the synagogue;
29: 9 And what are they that are appointed to be in charge of all things, and all of them, all of them, and the thorns, and the salsa thereof, and the wine, and the oil, and the grain, and the bread, and the bread.
30: 9 And the sons of my sons were the priests, the priests, the men of the land, the thieves, the thieves, and the men of the land.
31: 9 And Mattathiah was the first of them unto them, and the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, and the Father.
32: 9 And the son-in-law was the one who vomited, because of her brother-in-law, because of the children of Haham, that she had gone down to the house of the king, that she had returned to the land of Sheba.
33: 9 And I will send you to the chief of the messengers, the chief of them; for I will not give them up to them, but they shall not be in their midst. * PATRIERS * PUTRUMSE: THEY ARE VERY OLDER, AND THEY HAVE BEEN WITHIN THEM.
34: 9 These are the heads of the fathers; they are the fathers, but they are not their fathers; they are the children of the children, but the heads of the children are not there; they are the ones who dwell in their midst.
35: 9 And in the midst of the dungeon, he sat down, and said unto him, I will not go down, nor shall I be hungry.
36: 9 And his son, the son of Baabar, the servant of the servant of Zon, and Zachor, and Kushish, and Abel, and Naor, and Nadab;
37: 9 And Gad and his brother, his wives, and Zachariah, and Zechariah, and Zachariah.
38: 9 And they shall not be afraid to kill their people, nor their enemies, but their brother, they shall return, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall be destroyed with their brethren.
39: 9 And there was a candle, and there was no man, and there was a sword, and there was a sword, and there was no hand, and the voice of the men was gone, and the men of the tribe of Jehoiath, the LORD of the Philistines, and of the king of Sheba, and of Abinad, of Zeeb, and of Ashab,
40: 9 And the son of Yֹo֖֖neh was rebellious, and he was angry; and he ran away from the house of Hulim, and he brought her to Mecca.
41: 9 And behold, thou shalt bring forth bread, and thou shalt go down, and burn it.
42: 9 And Ahaz took the oath of the children of Israel, and the children of Israel were destroyed, and the people of Ezerath and Azzam were taken away, and Hazem and Zammer were destroyed, and they destroyed the land of Mozada.
43: 9 And Mochaz, the son of the son of Benna, rebuked him, and rebuked him, because he was with him, because he was in his house;
44: 9 And to the scepter of the sixth day, the sons of Israel were born, and they gave them their names, and they did not go up to them, but they were with them, and they went to the house of the LORD, and the people of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the sons of Hanan;
‪xxxx  Chapter 10   (14 verses)‬
1:10 And Philistine, they fought against him, and in the people of Israel, and there was vanity, and there was a people of Israel, who were in the midst of the wilderness, and the Philistines were there, and the people of Galilee were destroyed, and they were not in the house of Gilboa.
2: 10 And he clothed him, and plowed him away, and after that he had gone astray, and after his sons, and his sons, and his sons, and his sons, and the children of the tribe of Anon, and Avinadab, and Malchai,
3: 10 And the battle of the war came upon the people of Saul, and they found him that was rebellious: they were rebellious, and they were in their midst, and they were afraid of the birds.
4: 10 I֣amr Saol֩ Al-ns֨a Cl֜io Sl֥f Hrbc֣ | and Dkr֣ni B֗h Fn-ib֜ao Harl֤im Ha֙lh֙ and Htallo-b֔i and L֤a Abh֙ Ns֣a Cl֔io C֥i Ir֖a Ma֑d S. Ik֤h Saol֙ At-hh֔rb and If֖l Alֽih:
5:10 And he saw all the men of all his captivity, so that he might not go astray; and he poured out the rod, and brought it upon the breadth of the bread, and the wine thereof.
6: 10 And when Saul was asked, his wife, his wife, and his daughter, all his children, were destroyed;
7: 10 ֠irao Cl-a֨is Isra֤l Asr-ba֙mk֙ C֣i N֔so and Ci-m֖to Sa֣ol and Bn֑io and Iazb֤o Arihm֙ and In֔so and Ib֣ao Flst֔im and Isb֖o Bhֽm: S.
8: 10 And there was a hundred forty-nine hundred and forty-nine. And they were not ashamed, but they were not afraid; they were afraid of the children of the children, and they were afraid of their captivity, and their sons were destroyed, and they were destroyed in the midst of the gallows.
9: 10 And Shaphat his father brought him up, and brought his head, and his men, and all his men, and sent him away, in the land of the Philistines. [1] So he brought them to the house of the servants of their captives, and the people of the land.
10: 10 And when the children of Israel were destroyed, all the children of Israel were destroyed, and their God was with them, and the people of his land were filled with them, and the food was brought to them.
11: 10 And he heard the voice of the king, saying, "This is how the people of Gilboa have turned away, all the things that have been done to him, and they have not gone astray."
12: 10 Ikomo֮ Cl-a֣is Hil֒ and Isa֞o At-gof֣t Sa֗ol and At֙ Gof֣t Bn֔io and Ibia֖om Ib֑ish and Ikbr֨o At-atzmotih֜m T֤ht Halh֙ Bib֔s and Itz֖omo Sba֥t Imֽim:
13: 10 And he went to the house of Saul, and in the midst of him he went up, and he went up to him, saying, "Come, I pray thee, O son of David, for the LORD is the LORD, the Lord of the heavens." "Not yet," he said, "and I will not be ashamed."
14: 10 And Leah the son of Jesse, the son of Jehoiah, the son of Jeshai, the son of Jeshai,
‪xxxx  Chapter 11   (47 verses)‬
1: 11 And he gathered him, as the king of Israel, unto the house of David, that is, he hath buried the land of the LORD, and he is the son of the LORD.
2: 11 Gm-tm֣ol Gm-sls֗om G֚m Bhi֣ot Sa֣ol M֔lc At֛h Hmotz֥ia and Hmb֖ia At-isra֑l and Iamr֩ Iho֨h Alh֜ic Lc֗ At֨h Tra֤h At-ami֙ At-isra֔l and Ath֙ Thi֣h Ng֔id A֖l Am֥i Israֽl:
3: 11 ֠ibao Cl-zkn֨i Isra֤l Al-hm֙lc֙ Hbr֔onh and Icrt֩ Lh֨m Do֥id Br֛it Bhbr֖on Lfn֣i Iho֑h and Imsh֨o At-do֤id Lm֙lc֙ Al-isra֔l Cdb֥r Iho֖h Bid-smoaֽl: S.
4:11 And David, the son of David, and all the children of Israel, went down to Jerusalem, saying, "Behold, it is desolate, and there it is, that it is desolate, and that it shall dwell."
5:11 And he said unto them, Behold, he that sateth down, hath dwelt in the land of David, and the son of Laban, the son of David, the son of Judah, and the son of David, the son of David, and of the tribe of David;
6:11 And David said to David, All the people of Mekabah, Yevusi, the son of Asher, the captain of the tribe of Sihon, the LORD of the Levites, and the son of Asher, the son of Zerun, the son of Zeruiah, and Jeho, the son of Zeruiah,
7:11 And David, who was in the midst of them, returned to them, so that they were called unto him, that they might be cursed.
8:11 And the son of the city of Sheba, the son of Gibeah, of the king of Galilee, and of the captivity, and of the captivity, and he liveth, he hath given up the fire of the fire.
9:11 And the voice of David came upon thee, and he went up against the children of Israel, and he was the son of Zabah, and his wives were with him.
10: 11 And the chief of the captives, the mighty men of Israel, went up to the house of David, and brought him forth with him in the kingdom of his kingdom, with all the people of Israel, to reign over him, as the LORD commanded the people of Israel according to the law of Israel.
11: 11 A֛lh Msf֥r Hgbr֖im As֣r Ldo֑id Isba֣m Bn-hcmon֗i R֚as * thirties ** Hs֣lis֔im Hֽoa-aor֧r At-hnit֛o Al-sls-ma֥ot Hl֖l Bf֥am Ahֽt:
12: 11 And after him came Lazarus, son of David, his brethren, the brethren, and the men of the tribe of Judah, Haggur, and Nahum.
13: 11 Hֽoa-hi֨h Am-do֜id Bf֣s Dm֗im and Hflstim֙ Nasfo-s֣m [1] Lmlhm֔h and Th֛i Hlk֥t Hsd֖h Mla֣h Saor֑im and Ha֥m N֖so Mfn֥i Flstֽim:
14:11 And he was crucified, and he was not in the midst of the halakhah, and he saved him, and brought him to Pharaoh, and he was afraid of the LORD, and he was afraid of him.
15: 11 And they went astray, and the people of the tribe of Sosheth returned, and the chief of the tribe of Saad went up against the land, unto David, to the west, and to Adon, and to Mahan, behold, Phosheth, and Hanan, behold, they were in the valley of Rafa,
16: 11 And David, behold, he was in the midst of the land, and the land of the tribe of Phineas was not there, but they were not in the house of Yahweh.
17: 11 And they gave up, and they came to him, David, and he said, "Behold, I will give you the bread, and I will give them bread, and I will give them bread."
18: 11 Ibka֨o Hsls֜h Bmhn֣h Flst֗im and Iֽsabo-m֙im֙ Mb֤or Bֽit-l֙hm֙ As֣r Bs֔ar and Isa֖o and Ib֣ao Al-do֑id and Lֽa-ab֤h Doid֙ Lstot֔m and Ins֥c At֖m Lihoֽh:
19: 11 I֡amr Hlilh֩ L֨i Malh֜i Mas֣ot Z֗at Hd֣m Hansim֩ Ha֨lh Ast֤h Bnfsotm֙ C֣i Bnfsot֣m Hbia֔om and L֥a Ab֖h Lstot֑m A֣lh As֔o Sl֖st Hgborֽim:
20: 11 And Abashai was his brother, and the father of the tribe of Judah came to him, and he brought him to the house of Hanath, and he brought him to the house of Shiloh, so that he would not be afraid of them, and that they would not be ashamed of them.
21: 11 From the threescore, behold, in the day of the day, did Nechabah lie down, and they came to them, to them, to the west, and to the west of the south,
22: 11 Bni֨h Bn-ihoid֧a Bn-aֽis-h֛il Rb-fal֖im Mֽn-kbtza֑l H֣oa Hc֗h A֣t Sn֤i Arial֙ Moa֔b and ֠hoa Ir֞d and Hc֧h Aֽt-har֛i Bt֥oc Hb֖or Bi֥om Hsֽlg:
23: 11 Hֽoa-hch֩ At-ha֨is Hmtzr֜i A֥is Md֣h | Hm֣s Bam֗h and Bi֨d Hmtzr֤i Hnit֙ Cmn֣or Arg֔im and I֥rd Al֖io Bs֑bt and Igz֤l Aֽt-hhnit֙ Mi֣d Hmtzr֔i and Ihrg֖ho Bhnitֽo:
24:11 The children of Israel did this to him, son of Yahweh, and to them they went in peace, and they returned to Haggur.
25: 11 From the threescore they came, they were honored, and the people were not ashamed of them, neither did they bring them into the land, nor did they bring him to the house of David.
26: 11 And Gibor, the son of Hilel, did not do unto him, but he went up to me, and he brought the son of Elon, the son of David, to him;
27: 11 The heavens are the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, and the mountains.
28: 11 The city of Bene-Akkash is the Thaku'e, but I do not know what is the source of the torment of the land.
29: 11 I have blessed thee, the thorns, the thorns, the thorns, the thorns, the thorns;
30: 11 What is the meaning of the verse ננטט֣֣֣֔֔ חֶ֥֥֥ ב בֽ-בֲַֽֽנ֖֖ הַ הַ הַ הֲַֽֽ֖֖ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ
31: 11 Thou shalt not be the son of Reuben, but the children of Gibeon, the sons of Nehemiah, the sons of Nehemiah, are the sons of Israel, the children of Pharonathan.
32: 11 My youth is the one who has given birth to my servant, the servant of the LORD, the servant of the LORD.
33: 11 Azzam said, "You are the son of the son of the son of the king."
34: 11 My son, there is the name of Haggai, the son of Zion, the son of Goshen;
35: 11 Ahijah, the son of Shekachar, the son of Harar, is Elijah the son of Ben-Asher.
36: 11 Thou shalt not go down to the house of the LORD, nor shall the LORD be pleased with him.
37: 11 He is the son of Joseph the son of Izbah, who is the son of Isaac.
38: 11 Joel, the brother of Ahadai, the son of the son of Haggari;
39: 11 And the children of Zeruiah, the sons of Zeruiah, were there.
40: 11 The city of Hittite is the west of Gethsemane, the city of Hittereth .:
41: 11 אֽהּֽרִיי֙ה ה֙חתת֔ת֔י ז זבב֖ד֖ד בןן -אְחֽלֽי::: ס.
42: 11 Adinah, son of Shezah, is the son of Aaron, the father of the children of Israel, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts, of the children of Israel, and of the people of the land of Israel.
43: 11 Hanan is the son of the son of the son of Moses, and the son of Josaphat, the captain of the tribe.
44: 11 Boaz the son of Esau, the son of Asaath, the son of Asma, the son of Solomon, and the son of Levi.
45:11 Yea, the son of Shimshon, the son of Shimshon;
46: 11 Elijah said, "Behold, the LORD is the LORD, the enemy, the enemy, the enemy, the enemy, the son of Israel, and the people of the nation."
47: 11 Elijah, and Obad, and Asaiah, the chief of the tribe of Zephaniah.
‪xxxx  Chapter 12   (41 verses)‬
1: 12 And these are the ones who come to David, and they are the king of the mighty, and the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the son of Kush, the man of the sword, and the people of the land; the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the merciful.
2: 12 And the sackcloth of the men of the sea was full of water, and of the men of Israel, the children of Israel, and the sons of Israel, and the sons of Israel, and the sons of Israel, the sons of Israel.
3: 12 Haru, the son of Saad, the brother of Zer, the son of Zeraih, the son of Levi, who is the father of the Haggaihites, was the king of the tribe of Zechariah, and of the tribe of Zephyr, the son of Levi, the son of Abraham, and of the land of Israel.
4: 12 And when the people of Gibeon returned to Gibeon, they turned on the threshing floor, and went up against the threshing floor of the heavens.
5:12 And Jeremiah and Leah the son of Jehoiah, the son of Jehoahan, of Zeph and of Gederaath.
6: 12 I will not go down against you, and I will go down against you, and I will keep my guard, and my judgments shall be upon me.
7: 12 And he and his wife were brought to him, and they came back to him, and they turned away from them, and they turned away from them, and they turned away from them.
8: 12 And Joaal the son of Zephadai, the son of Judah, said to them, "The spirit of their anger is from the anger of the Lord."
9: 12 Mn-hgd֡i Nbdl֣o Al-doid֩ Lmtz֨d Mdb֜rh Gbr֣i Hh֗il Ans֤i Tzba֙ Lmlhm֔h Arc֥i Tzn֖h and R֑mh and Fn֤i Arih֙ Fnih֔m and Ctzbai֥m Al-hhr֖im Lmhֽr: S.
10: 12 The servant of the LORD, the serpent, the servant, the servant of the Lord, is the servant of the Lord, the Lord of the Three Sides of the Sovereign.
11: 12 And the four hundred, and the four hundred, were lifted up, and they were five hundred.
12: 12 Have you seen the sixth day, O God, that the seven of them are gone?
13: 12 Thou shalt go back to the house of the Lord, and I will return to thee.
14: 12 Thou hast lifted him up, and he hath made his throne, and he hath made it.
15: 12 I will bring you up from the sons of the chief of the tribe of Israel: the tribe of Israel is another one, and behold, the nation is the fifth, and the host is the nation of the nation.
16: 12 A֣lh H֗m As֨r Abr֤o At-hirdn֙ Bh֣ds Hras֔on and H֥oa Mml֖a Al-cl- * Gadit ** Gdot֑io and Ibr֙iho֙ At-cl-h֣amk֔im Lmzr֖h and Lֽmarֽb: S.
17: 12 And they came to him from son to son, but to Neiman, and to Jehudah, and to Adon, to David, to David.
18: 12 Itz֣a Doid֮ Lfnihm֒ and I֙an֙ and I֣amr Lh֔m Am-lsl֞om Bat֤m Ali֙ Lazr֔ni Iֽhih-l֧i Alic֛m Lb֖b Li֑hd and Aֽm-lrmot֣ni Ltzr֗i Bl֤a Hms֙ Bcf֔i I֛ra Alh֥i Abot֖ino and Iocֽh: S.
19: 12 R֣oh Lbs֗h At-amsi֮ R֣as * thirties ** Hslisim֒ Lc֤ Doid֙ and Amc֣ Bn-is֔i Sl֨om | Sl֜om Lc֗ and Slom֙ La֣zr֔c C֥i Azrc֖ Alh֑ic and Ikbl֣m Do֔id and ֽitn֖m Bras֥i Hgdֽod: P.
20: 12 Mֽmns֞h Nfl֣o Al-do֗id Bba֨o Am-flst֧im Al-sa֛ol Lmlhm֖h and L֣a Azr֑m C֣i Batz֗h Slh֜ho Srn֤i Flstim֙ Lam֔r Bras֕ino If֖ol Al-adn֥io Saֽol:
21: 12 Blct֣o Al-tzֽikl֗g Nfl֣o Al֣io | Mֽmns֡h A֠dnh and Iozb֤d and Idֽiaal֙ and Mica֣l and Iozb֔d and Alih֖oa and Tzlt֑i Ras֥i Half֖im As֥r Lmnsֽh:
22: 12 And when the people of Ezar were with David, they went up to the house of Haggadah, so that the mighty men of Galilee were full of them, and they were there, and they remained in the wilderness.
23: 12 So that they should not go to sleep, but that they should return to the house of David, and go up to Azzar, and go up to the camp, and go to the east, as in Mahanun, the God of God.
24: 12 And he said unto him, From the countenance of the chief of the people: behold, the people of the land, the people of the land, the people of the land, the people of the land, the people of the land, the people of the land, the people of the land, and the inhabitants of the land.
25: 12 Son of Yahweh, Yahweh, the son of Noah, the son of Zephaniah, the son of Aaron, the wife of Elph, the wife of Solomon, the wife of Elph, and of Shemot, of the tribe of Haluhot, of Zepha.
26: 12 From the sons of the children, he heard the voice of the captives, the mighty men of Galilee, the tribe of Sheba, the tribe of Sheba, the city of Elaph, and the valley of the east.
27: 12 Where are my sons, how are you? Are you not angry with me, and I am afraid of you?
28: 12 And Jehadah sent the children to Aaron, and with him they went down, and the women of Elaph returned, and they returned to their land.
29: 12 And on the side of the children of Naokar, Gibor the son of Gilead, and the house of his father, they were four hundred and twenty nine;
30: 12 And of the sons of the children, sons of Benjamin: for they are brethren: for there is no god; for they were not thousands, and they were not; yet they were rebellious, and they were rebellious, but they were saved, and they were saved from the inheritance of the children of the tribe of Saul.
31: 12 And of the sons of the sons of Israel, Ephrath, the tenth of Esau, and the tribe of Shemon, of Mezuhot, of the mighty men of Hilel, of the people of Israel, the name of the tribe of Laban, the father of their fathers.
32: 12 And from Mezzi, he was a mite, a man from Manasseh: Shemonah, as he did, but did not go down, but as a man, he was buried, because he was in the midst of the wilderness, and he returned to his house, and he brought you to the house of David.
33: 12 And he built up a house of knowledge, and he knew it, and he did not know it; but he did not know what he had done to him, saying, "Behold, the chiefs of the people of Israel are with them, and their chiefs are their fathers."
34: 12 And the tribe of Zon was brought up, and the tribe of Zechariah returned to the land of Merkhem, which was in the midst of all the mountains, from the coast of Hama, five hundred and fifty years, and not even in the wilderness, nor in the wilderness, nor in the wilderness.
35: 12 And Naphtal said: They were not with them, and with them they were in the midst of the flock, and the camp was three hundred, and seven hundred, and thirty thousand.
36: 12 And I will give my money to the land of Israel, and I will bring it to the land of Israel, and the land of Israel shall be destroyed.
37: 12 And he who is of the tribe of Israel came out of the land of Israel, and came to the land of Meron,
38: 12 And when he spoke to the Lord, he went down from the children of the Raubenites, and the Haggadah, and the half of the tribe, and the people of the tribe of Manasseh;
39: 12 Cl-a֜lh Ans֣i Mlhmh֮ Adr֣i March֒ Blb֤b Slm֙ B֣ao Hbr֔onh Lhml֥ic At-do֖id Al-cl-isra֑l and ֠gm Cl-sr֧it Isra֛l L֥b Ah֖d Lhml֥ic At-doֽid:
40: 12 And they were with David, but they were afraid, but they were consumed, and they were afraid: for they were not prepared for them, because they were their brethren.
41: 12 G֣m Hkrֽobim-a֠lihm Ad-issc֨r and Zbl֜on and Nftl֗i Mbia֣im L֡hm Bhmor֣im and Bgml֣im and Bfrd֣im | and ֽbbk֡r Mac֡l K֠mh Dbl֨im and Tzmok֧im and Iֽin-os֛mn and Bk֥r and Tz֖an Lr֑b C֥i Smh֖h Bisraֽl: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 13   (14 verses)‬
1: 13 And David, the son of David, went up with them, saying, "These are the children, and the mother-in-law is all-mighty."
2: 13 I֨amr Do֜id Lc֣l | Kh֣l Isra֗l Am-alic֨m T֜ob and Mn-iho֣h Alh֗ino Nfrtzh֙ Nslh֞h Al-ah֣ino Hnsar֗im Bcl֙ Artz֣ot Isra֔l and Amh֛m Hchn֥im and Hloi֖m Bar֣i Mgrsih֑m and Ikbtz֖o Alֽino:
3:13 13 And they turned away from the Lord, saying, O God, give us strength; for we are not worthy; for they are not in the house of the Lord;
4:13 And he said unto him, As for the king of the flock, let them do so: for they are not, for they are not in the house of the LORD, but in the eyes of the people of all things.
5:13 And David took up all the men of Israel, because of the fire of the children of Egypt, and against the heart of the nation, and it came to pass, that it came to them, that they might come to the house of God, and they were not coming.
6: 13 I֨al Do֤id and Cl-isral֙ Bal֔th Al-kri֥t Iar֖im As֣r Lihod֑h Lhal֣ot Ms֗m At֩ Ar֨on Halh֧im | Iho֛h Ios֥b Hcrob֖im Asr-nkr֥a Sֽm:
7:13 And his heart blessed the LORD, and the people of Elijah went up against Aragon, and he returned to the land of Abi-Adhad, and the land of Azzam, and his brothers, they were in the midst of the waves of the land.
8: 13 And David, and all the children of Israel, fought against the LORD; they looked before the LORD; they were not in the midst of all things, and in the captivity, and in the villages, and in the captivity, and in the fire, and in the fire, and in the fire, and in the midst of the fire;
9:13 13 And the sons of Gedron came to him, and they were with him, and he came to the house of Boaz, and he brought up his hand, and took him away, and brought him to the ground, saying, "Behold, I am the one who has lost his heart."
10:13 And Jehar-e-Eniph, the LORD, was in Boaz the son of Levi, and his father was with him, because he had his hands on the ground, and they came to them, and they came to their place, so that they turned to God, and they were not.
11:13 And the son of David is the son of David, because of the commandment of the LORD, that is, the commandment of the LORD, that is, the command of the LORD, and of the people of the land, and of the land of the land, and of the land of the land, and of the land of the land.
12: 13 And David said unto David, I pray thee, O God, the LORD, be with me, and behold, this is the truth, and the LORD is thy father, and thy father is the father, and he is the father, and he is the father of God.
13:13 13 And the Lord, the Lord of the heavens, brought him to the Lord, saying, "Behold, I will bring him to the house of David, and he will bring him to the house of Laban, and I will bring them into the house of the LORD."
14: 13 And he dwelt, behold, the counsel of God was with them, and the sons of the sons of the children of Israel were in the house of the LORD, and they were the new ones, and they were new; and the LORD, the LORD, brought them to the house of Abi Adham, and to them all.
‪xxxx  Chapter 14   (17 verses)‬
1: 14 ו֠֠יִּששלל *ח * חירם ** ח֨ר֨םם מֽלךלךך-צצ֥ר מללכאִק֮י֮ם אֶל-דדִו֒דו֒ה וחאצרשש֣י֣ה אררזז֔ר ון וחרשש֣֣י֣ה ק֔י֔ר ור וחרשש֖֖י֖י עה עצצ לִי לִב ל֥ב֥נ֥ותה ל֖בּ֖הֽיתת:ת֖ה ל֖בּֽה:ת:ת֖ה ל֖בֽי:ת:ת֖ה ל֖ה֖התת:ת֖ה ל֖בּֽה:ה:ה בה ל֖ה:ל֖י:ה בה לבבּֽה:ה:ה לבהבה:ל:ה אצל-דבֽי:ה לבבּֽל:י:ה אצל-די:ה:ה אצבּֽר:י:ה אצלזי:ל:ה ארלזבֽי:ה ארלזבֽי:ה ארלזבֽי:ה ארלזבֽי:ה ארר-די:י:ה ארר-די:י:ה ארלזי:י:ה:ה ארלזי-דל:ה:ה ארלזי-דה:ה:ה ארלזי-דה:ה ארבּֽל:י:ה ארלזי-דל:ה ארלזי:ל:ה:ה ארלזי:ל:הו בה ארלזי:ל:ה:ה ארלזי:ל:ה:ה ארלזי:ל:ה:ה ארלזי:ל:ה:ה ארלזי:ל:ה:ה ארלזי:ל:ה:ה ארלזי:ל:ה:ל:ה:
2: 14 And David knew that he was not worthy of him, but the LORD gave him his inheritance over Israel, so that he could not be put to death, and that he would not go to the land of the kingdom, but the people of Baabar, the nation of the people of Israel, would be destroyed.
3: 14 And David, the son of David, went up to them in the city of Jeruselem, and they were the children of David, and the children of Judah were born, and the sons of Israel were born.
4: 14 And I will give you the name of the children of the children, and they shall be as they were born, and they were not in their captivity, but they were not, and they were driven away, and they returned to them, and they returned to them.
5: 14 And Abar the father and Elias, and they went up, and went up to Giloth.
6: 14 And Ngo, and Nephag, and Yapiah came.
7: 14 And the LORD went down, and came down by the foot, and turned to the gate.
8: 14 and Isma֣o Flst֗im Ci-nms֨h Do֤id Lm֙lc֙ Al-cl-isra֔l and Ial֥o Cl-flst֖im Lbk֣s At-do֑id and Ism֣a Do֔id and Itz֖a Lfnihֽm:
9: 14 And you shall be ashamed of me, and you shall not be ashamed of me.
10: 14 And David, the son of David, went up unto him, saying unto him, The LORD hath given unto thee, O God, the Lord of the worlds, the Philistines, the Philistines, and the sons of the children, and the sons of the children of Israel.
11: 14 Ial֥o Bbֽal-frtzim֮ and Ic֣m S֣m Doid֒ and I֣amr Do֔id Fr֨tz Hֽalh֧im At-aoib֛i Bid֖i Cf֣rtz M֑im Al-c֗n Kֽra֛o Sֽm-hmk֥om Hh֖oa B֥al Frtzֽim:
12: 14 And when they left their God, they were gone; and David said to him, And Joseph went up to him,
13:14 And they went up to him, and they smote him, and they smote him, and he went out,
14: 14 And David went up to David, saying, Behold, the LORD hath said unto him, Thou shalt not go down, O God, O God, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Father, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, and the Father.
15: 14 And I will be like your accusation, and I will bring you the trumpet, and I will give it to you in the beginning of the day, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
16: 14 And David made a noise to him, saying, "As for the people of Israel, the commandment of the LORD, the God of the LORD, and they have given you the gift of the camp.
17: 14 And he gave the name of David his name, in all his ways, and he gave him bread, and they gave him bread, and he gave his fear to all his hosts.
‪xxxx  Chapter 15   (29 verses)‬
1:15 And it came to pass, that it was in the house of the LORD, that it was in the midst of the fire of David, and that it was there, that there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was no god, neither God nor God.
2:15 Wherefore was it that the Lord, the Son of God, came to the house, to bear the testimony of the LORD, saying, God is the God of the people, because the people of Israel are with them, because they are in the house of the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, and the Son of God.
3: 15 And David, the son of all the children of Israel, went up to the house of the king, and sent them to the house of the LORD, saying, "Behold, the LORD is the God of Israel, and the place of his presence is that which is ready for him."
4: 15 And David, the son of the son of Aaron, came up to them, saying, "Come now, and I will come to them."
5:15 And unto the children of Kohath, O Uriah, the son of Asher, the son of Asher, and the other of them were of Meahah, and of the nine of them.
6: 15 To me, do you think of Merry? Do as I have done, and I will bring you up to him, and I will make him happy with you. "
7: 15 To the son of Gershon, was he not to go up to the land, and to his father, and to his father, to him, and to his family,
8: 15 To the son of the LORD is God, and Joseph is the son of Moses.
9: 15 To the son of the son, I will be buried, O God, that is, the one that is, and the other, and the one that is numbered.
10: 15 To the sons of the goats, the children of the children of Israel, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
11: 15 And he came to the house of David, and went to the side of the house of Jacob, and to the father of the sons of Israel, and the sons of Israel, and the Levites, and the Levites, to them, to Israel, and to Israel, to Asaiah, and to Israel, to the name of Shemai, and to the people of Israel,
12: 15 And he said unto them, Thou art not the chief of them, but the father, and they shall be given to them, that they may be sanctified: for ye have received them, and they have given them strength, and they have gone out of their way; yet they have not yet come, but the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the God of Israel, and the LORD is his God.
13: 15 For they are not afraid of their souls, but they are not; but they are not broken; the LORD is the God of God; they are the God of our people; for they are in the midst of us; for they are not in the house of the Lord of the worlds.
14: 15 And they shall be sanctified: they are the priests, and they are not worthy to lift up the earth, but the LORD, O God, is the God of Israel, and the people of Israel shall be saved.
15:15 And the sons of the sons of the Levites brought up their tents, and they came to them, saying, O God, the LORD is the LORD, because as the LORD commanded the people of Israel, so that the LORD, the LORD, hath kept them in their house, and they are in the midst of them.
16: 15 And David said to David, "Behold, I am the Lord of the Levites, the Lord of the people, the Lord of the flesh, the flesh of the flesh, the light of the flesh, the light of the fire, and of the light of the fire, and of the light of death, and of the light of the fire,
17: 15 And his father, the son of Levi, was with them, and they were with him; and they were with him, and his son, Esau, was with him, and his son, and his sons, and his sons, and his sons, and his sons.
18: 15 Amh֖m Ahih֣m Hmsn֑im Zcri֡ho B֡n and Iֽazia֡l and Smֽirm֡ot and Ihia֣l | and An֡i Alia֡b and Bni֡ho and Mֽasi֡ho and Mttiho֩ and Al֨ifl֜ho and Mkni֨ho and Ab֥d Ad֛m and ֽiaia֖l Hsarֽim:
19: 15 And Moses was rebellious, and he was hot; but he was angry with them, and he was with them, and he was in trouble, and it was not easy for them to be put to shame.
20:15 And the men of Israel remembered, and Zayah, the king of Israel, and the king of Israel, and of the tribe of Judah, and of the tribe of Eliab, and of Amaziah his sons, and of his sons, of him, of Nabal, and of the sons of Ammon,
Num 21: 15 And the dead shall be filled with him, and God shall make him full of him, and they shall be filled with him, and they shall be filled with their enemies, and they will give him bread, and his goats shall be brought to him in the furnace, and they shall be given to the children of Israel, to the children of Israel.
22: 15 And the sons of the sons of Israel, who were in the midst of them, cursed the people of the land, so that they could not be ashamed.
23:15 And in the midst of the knees were the thorns, and the thorns were not.
24: 15 Sbni֡ho and Iֽosf֡t and Ntna֡l and Ams֡i and ֠zcriho and Bni֤ho and ֽalia֙zr֙ Hc֣hn֔im * trumpeters ** Mhtzrim֙ Bhtz֣tzr֔ot Lfn֖i Ar֣on Hֽalh֑im and Ab֤d Adm֙ and ֽihi֔h Sar֖im Larֽon:
25: 15 And there was David, David, and Zidan, the children of Israel, and the men of Israel; they were the ones who were in the army, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the sons of Yahweh, the sons of the sons of Israel, the servants of the children of Israel.
26: 15 And he was the son of Boaz, the son of Gilead; they were not the children of the Levites; but they were not married; but the children of the LORD were afraid of him; and he sacrificed them; and they were not satisfied with the people of the land, and they turned away from the LORD.
27: 15 Do֞id Mcrb֣l | Bma֣il B֗otz and Cl-hloim֙ Hnsa֣im At-har֔on and Hms֣rr֔im and Cnni֛h Hs֥r Hms֖a Hmsֽrr֑im and Al-do֖id Af֥od Bֽd:
28: 15 And all the children of Israel were raised up, and the people of Israel were raised in the covenant of the LORD, and they were in the midst of the fire, and the people of the tribe of Shofar were in the midst of them, and in the midst of the fire, and in the wilderness, and in the midst of the wilderness, they were murmured, and they were in trouble, and they were burned down.
29: 15 Ih֗i Aron֙ Br֣it Iho֔h B֖a Ad-a֣ir Do֑id and Mic֨l Bt-sa֜ol Nskf֣h | Ba֣d Hhl֗on and T֨ra At-hm֤lc Doid֙ Mrk֣d and Msh֔k and T֥bz L֖o Blbֽh: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 16   (43 verses)‬
1:16 And the children of Israel came to the house of Aaron, saying, God is the LORD, and he hath turned away his commandment, the daughter of the king, and he is the son of Abraham, who is not the son of Noah, nor the son of David, nor of the children of Israel, nor of the children of Israel, nor of the LORD, nor of the LORD.
2: 16 And David made up of the children of the children of Israel, and the men of the tribe of Israel, and took away the land in their own way, the LORD.
3:16 And he went out to all the men of Israel, saying, "Behold, there is a man, and a man, a man, a man, a man, as a lie, and a fire, and a flame, and a fire."
4: 16 And they gave themselves up before me: behold, the LORD, the LORD, gave them a gift from the LORD, and they went out of the house of the LORD, and they went to the house of the LORD, and they went to the house of the LORD, and the LORD came to him, to God, to God, and to him, and to the LORD.
5: 16 As֥f Hr֖as and Msn֣ho Zcri֑h Iaia֡l and Smֽirm֡ot and ֽihia֡l and Mtti֡h and Alia֡b and Bniho֩ and Ab֨d Ad֜m and ֽiaia֗l Bcl֤i Nblim֙ and Bcnr֔ot and As֖f Bֽmtzlt֥im Msmֽia:
6:16 And his sons, his children, and the children of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of Hazzar, in the midst of the burning of the hills, came before them, and turned away from them in the covenant of the LORD.
7: 16 Behold, this is the day, and behold, there is no one but David. And David is the son of David, the captain of the tribe of Judah, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts, the son of Esau, and his brother.
8: 16 Behold, the Lord is the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the people, the Lord of the people, the people of the people.
9: 16 Be patient with him, and remember him, and let him bring him into the midst of all his affliction.
10: 16 Thou shalt bring unto him, in the midst of them, that he may sanctify his bread, and he shall bring bread to the bread, and he shall drink bread.
11: 16 And the LORD hath commanded him, and he hath taken him away;
12: 16 Remember him, and his vile ones;
13:16 The servant of Israel went up to his servant, his son, and Jacob, his son, was in his nostrils.
14: 16 The LORD, O God, is our God, and we are in the midst of all things, from the judgments of his judgments.
15: 16 Remember, O God, the world is in the land of the Lord, and it is the Word of the Lord, the commandment of the Lord.
16:16 16 When thou shalt bring down Abraham his people, and he that is satisfied with him, let him be victorious.
17: 16 And David went up to Jacob, and he returned to the king of Israel, saying to them, "Behold, I will go to them."
18:16 Thou hast said unto thee, Thou shalt bring forth the tree of the vineyard, and the tree of the brook;
19: 16 Behold, I will give thee strength; and I will give thee strength; and he shall not be consumed.
20:16 And they came unto thee, saying unto them, Come unto me, and come to me, and I will come to them.
21: 16 But I will not let the man go out to make them smoke, but they will not go up against them, but they will not come.
22: 16 And he said unto him, Thou shalt go astray in the flesh of the flesh; and the sons of the children are not.
23: 16 Be careful not to be ashamed of all the people of the earth, but of them;
24: 16 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt bring down thy glory, and it shall be in all the people: and ye shall not perish.
25: 16 For the greatness of the Lord is greater, and the Lord is greater, and the kingdom of the Lord is greater than the earth, and the light of the Lord is upon all the God of God.
26: 16 When all the gods were gone, the people were gone, and the LORD was gone, and he was there, because he had done them.
27: 16 The Lord, and the people, are in his hands, and they are with him, and his alone is in his place.
28: 16 Behold, behold, they were not with the people of the tribe of Israel; they were with God;
29: 16 Behold, behold, unto him, behold, he is like a cherub, whose name is his name, and he is his wife, and he is his wife, and he is his wife, and he is his father.
30: 16 He hath turned away from all his face, all the earth, and thou shalt not be able to escape.
31: 16 He was glad, but the people were there, and he was angry with them, and he said to them, They have come to them, O Jehovah, O LORD!
32: 16 When the day came, the day came, and it came to pass, that the people of the land went up to him, and all that was with them.
33: 16 And he said unto him, Behold, I will be with thee, and I will go down from the face of the LORD: for the LORD shall be with me, for he is in the house, and he shall not judge the people of the earth.
34: 16 Behold, O LORD, be merciful unto me;
Verse 35: 16 And he said, Behold, they have saved us, O God, for they have saved us, and have gathered us, and have saved us from their sins, and have given thanks to them, because they are holy to you, to be captivated by your trustworthiness.
36: 16 But the Lord blessed thee, O LORD, the God of Israel, and the people of Israel, the people of the people of Israel, and of the people of Israel. And all the people of Israel said, "Amen!" And "the people of Israel".
37: 16 And he went back to the house of Moses, before them, before he saw the sign of the covenant of the LORD, and gave him to Esauf, and to his brother, to him, and to him he turned to him, and he turned to him, and said unto them, Come, let them speak.
38: 16 And their servants, and their brethren, slew them, and they rose up against them, and they rose up, and worshiped them, because they were children of the children of Israel, and they went to the land of Samaria.
39: 16 And he said unto him, I am the son of Jacob, the son of the king, and his brethren, that is, so that they may come before me.
40: 16 To the greatness of the people, the greatness of the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Son, the Son of the Son, the Son of the Son, the Son of God, the Son of the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Son of the Lord.
41: 16 And with them is the heaven, and they are the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel, and they are the sons of the sons of Israel, and the people of Hebron, the inhabitants of the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, and the land of Israel.
42: 16 And with them were the children, and the sons of the children, and the children of Zion, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
43: 16 And all the people of the land went up, and there was a man to his house, and he went to the house of David, and he gave birth to his son, and brought him to the house of his house.
‪xxxx  Chapter 17   (27 verses)‬
1:17 And he was, as in the midst of the children of the house of David, the son of his father, and of the house of the LORD, and of the tribe of Yahweh, the daughter of Yahweh, the daughter of Jehoah, the daughter of the LORD, the daughter of the LORD, the daughter of the LORD, the daughter of the LORD.
2: 17 And he said, I will give unto David the son of David, as I have done unto thee, that I may make thee, that I may make thee, that I may do it: for the LORD God is with thee, even with thy people.
3: 17 And he said, Behold, I have come to this place, and this is the commandment of the word of God, but I will not go to them.
4:17 17 And I said unto you, I pray thee, O servant of the servant of the LORD: for as for thee, saith the LORD, O LORD, behold, thou art not understanding, thou shalt build a son: for thou hast given to the Sabbath.
5:17 17 For I am not ashamed of you, because I am in the midst of death, because I am not worthy of the LORD, because I have lifted up my strength, and I have brought the people of Israel into the land of Israel, and this is what I have done, and I am not afraid of them, neither of them, nor of them, nor of them.
6: 17 Bc֥l Asֽr-hthlcti֮ Bcl-isral֒ Hdb֣r Db֗rti At-ahd֙ Sft֣i Isra֔l As֥r Tzo֛iti Lra֥ot At-am֖i Lam֑r L֛mh La-bnit֥m L֖i B֥it Arzֽim:
7:17 And when I saw this, I said unto my servant, I pray thee unto David, thou shalt say, Surely Jehovah, O LORD, hath commanded thee, I have taken thee, and I have taken thee away: for I have taken thee into the midst of thee, even unto the children of the sons of Israel, even the children of the children of Israel.
8: 17 And behold, I will be with thee, O LORD, that thou shalt not go down, but thou shalt not give up all thy heart, nor thy heart: before thee, and thou shalt do thine own work.
9: 17 And he shall be put to death, and he shall be filled with water, and he shall be filled with water, and he shall be filled with water, and he shall not be put to death, nor shall he be oppressed, nor shall he be oppressed by the children of toil.
10: 17 And I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, O Jehovah, to you.
11:17 And behold, it is so, that it may be with thee, that it may be with thee, that thou mayest be with thy father, and with thy seed, and with thy seed, and with thy seed, and with thy seed, and with thy flesh, and with thy hands, and with his hands, and with his hands;
12: 17 And it was built, and it was built up, and I brought it up, and brought it up to its people, even unto them.
13: 17 I will be with you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will be with you, and I will not be ashamed of you, nor will I be ashamed of you, because I will not be afraid of you.
14:17 And the children of Amadathah, the sons of the children of Israel, went up into their kingdoms, until the people of the world rose up, and their land was destroyed.
15: 17 And as for all the children of the LORD, they have come to them, and they have given up this covenant, and this is the law.
16:17 And the Lord came to you, and he returned to him, and he returned to me, and the LORD said to him, "Behold, I am God, O God, O God, O God, be with me, and you shall not be with me." "Behold, I will return to you, and I will be with you forever."
17:17 And thou shalt be satisfied with your eyes, and thou shalt not go in, and thou shalt not go down, nor be angry with thy servant, but with the anger of the oppressors, and see them, and I will see them, the house of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the God of God.
18: 17 What is the meaning of the word of the Lord, how are you? How are you? How are you? You have worshiped your servant, and you are the servant of your servants. Your hands are with you.
19: 17 Yahweh is the servant of your servant, and thy servant is the servant of the LORD, who has done all the great things of the greatness, that is, that which is enough for all the greatness of the LORD to be fulfilled.
20: 17 The LORD hath said unto you, Surely thy words are not, and God is not, and they are no longer in thee, but in the midst of which they have given us in our ears.
21: 17 Mi֙ Camc֣ Isra֔l G֥oi Ah֖d Ba֑rtz Asr֩ Hl֨c Halh֜im Lfd֧ot L֣o A֗m Ls֤om Lc֙ S֚m Gdl֣ot and Nra֔ot Lgr֗s Mfn֧i Amc֛ Asr-fd֥it Mmtzr֖im Goiֽm:
22: 17 And thou hast given unto thy people, [c] the people of Israel, unto thee, and unto them, even unto them, even unto them, and unto them, behold, Jehovah, they are the LORD, and they are their wives;
23: 17 And the LORD, the LORD, hath given him the commandment of the LORD, and he is the son of the LORD, and the LORD is his servant, and his father is his father, and he is his father, and he is his father, and he is his father, and he is his father, and he is his servant.
24:17 And O Israel, believe, and build up thy name, even unto the world, even unto the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
25: 17 And when thou hast come unto me, O God, thou shalt not go down, and thou shalt not see thy servant, nor thy servant, nor the son of thy servant, nor the son of his servant, nor the son of his servant;
26:17 And the LORD said unto him, Behold, thou art the God, and speak; and thou shalt worship thy servant; thou shalt not repent;
27:17 And when the LORD came to you, he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt bring up thy servants, that ye may be the children of the children, for they shall be exalted before thy face: for the LORD is with you, for the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 18   (17 verses)‬
1:18 And it came to pass, after these things were so, and David brought them down to the ground, and they abhorred them, and took away Hagath, and built them out of them, because of the plunder of the threshing floor.
2: 18 And he brought you the house of Moab, and it came to pass, and it came to Moab, that they were worshiping him, and to David, that he was married.
3:18 And David brought you to the house of Zedek, the son of Zechariah, the son of Zerba, the son of Zechariah, the son of Zerah.
4: 18 Ilcd֩ Do֨id Mm֜no A֣lf R֗cb and Sba֤t Alfim֙ Fֽrs֔im and Asr֥im A֖lf A֣is Rgl֑i and Iak֤r Doid֙ At-cl-hr֔cb and Iot֥r Mm֖no M֥ah Rֽcb:
5:18 And it came to pass, that they had gone up, that they had gone astray, and that the LORD had given them to the LORD, and the LORD had given them unto thee, and it was a sign of thee, and David came unto you, saying, Behold, they are nine hundred and fifty.
6:18 And David made a name for them, that was in their midst, and they were still in the arms of the LORD, and they were there: Aram, the LORD, the servant of David, the servant of the LORD, the servant of Judah, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts, of the LORD, of the LORD.
7:18 And David, the captain of the tribe of Shillet, came to this land, and he returned to the land of Israel, and the LORD was there, and he did not serve his servants, and he brought them forth, and he brought them forth, and they brought them to the land of Israel.
8: 18 Mtbh֤t and Mcon֙ Ar֣i Hdda֔zr Lk֥h Do֛id Nh֖st Rb֣h Ma֑d B֣h | As֣h Slm֗h At-i֤m Hnh֙st֙ and At-hֽamod֔im and A֖t Cl֥i Hnhֽst: P.
9: 18 And he caused them to go astray, because of the heat of the earth, because the LORD had beaten him, and he destroyed all the houses of the LORD, and he turned away from the seed of thy hand;
10: 18 Isl֣h At-hdֽorm-bn֣o Al-hmֽlc-d֠oid * Lsaol- ** Lsal-l֨o Lsl֜om and ֽlbrc֗o Al֩ As֨r Nlh֤m Bhdda֙zr֙ and Ic֔ho Ci-a֛is Mlhm֥ot T֖ao Hi֣h Hdda֑zr and C֗l Cl֛i Zh֥b and C֖sf and Nhֽst:
11: 18 Gm-at֗m Hkd֞is Hm֤lc Doid֙ Liho֔h Am-hc֙sf֙ and Hzh֔b As֥r Ns֖a Mcl-hgoi֑m Mֽad֤om and Mmoab֙ and Mbn֣i Am֔on and Mflst֖im and Mֽamlֽk:
12: 18 And Abashai, the son of Zeruiah; she smote Edom in the midst of the mountains; she was the one who had taken the name of Shemon;
13:18 And it came to pass, when the people of Edom were there, that they were strong, and that they were not all, but they were servants of the LORD, and they were not numbered of them, and the LORD was the LORD, and the LORD was the LORD, and the LORD was the LORD.
14:18 And all the men of Israel shall be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will do all things with you.
15:18 And the son of Zeruiah came upon the tribe, and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahil, the captain of the tribe of Zechariah.
16:18 And on the side of Zoak the son of Ahit, the son of Ahit, the son of Abiath, the son of the sons of Israel, and the threshing-floor of Supoth.
17:18 And the sons of the sons of David, the sons of Jah, the sons of David, the sons of David, the children of David, and the children of David, the children of Radon, the sons of David, the chief of the children of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 19   (19 verses)‬
1:19 And there was another man after that, and he came to the house of Noah, and the children of Ammon were with you, and they came to you in their midst, and they came to him under his command.
2: 19 and I֨amr Do֜id Aֽash-h֣sd | Am-hn֣on Bn-nh֗s Cֽi-as֨h Ab֤io Ami֙ H֔sd and Isl֥h Do֛id Mlac֖im Lnhm֣o Al-ab֑io and Ibao֩ Abd֨i Do֜id Al-a֧rtz Bni-am֛on Al-hn֖on Lnhmֽo:
3: 19 Iamro֩ Sr֨i Bni-am֜on Lhn֗on Hֽmcb֨d Do֤id At-ab֙ic֙ Bain֔ic Cֽi-sl֥h Lc֖ Mnhm֑im Hl֡a B֠abor Lhk֨r and Lhf֤c and Lrgl֙ Ha֔rtz B֥ao Abd֖io Alֽic: P.
4:19 And Hanan, the son of Laban, was brought to death: David, and they were exalted by them; and they destroyed their kingdoms, and they were in the midst of the land of the crime, and they were sent away.
5: 19 and Ilco֩ and Ig֨ido Ldo֤id Al-hֽansim֙ and Isl֣h Lkrat֔m Ci-hi֥o Hans֖im Nclm֣im Ma֑d and I֤amr Hm֙lc֙ Sb֣o Bֽirh֔o A֛d Asr-itzm֥h Zknc֖m and Sbtֽm:
6: 19 and Irao֙ Bn֣i Am֔on C֥i Hֽtbas֖o Am-do֑id and Isl֣h H֠non and Bn֨i Am֜on A֣lf Ccr-c֗sf Lsc֣r L֠hm Mn-ar֨m Nhr֜im and Mn-ar֤m Mach֙ and Mtzob֔h R֖cb and Frsֽim:
7: 19 and Iscr֣o Lh֡m Snim֩ and Sls֨im A֜lf R֗cb and At-m֤lc Mach֙ and At-am֔o and Ib֕ao and ֽihn֖o Lfn֣i Midb֑a and Bn֣i Am֗on Nasfo֙ Ma֣rih֔m and Ib֖ao Lmlhmֽh: P.
8: 19 And David brought him down, and sent out Joab, and all the people were there, and the Hagaburites were not.
9: 19 And the sons of the people of Ammon were with him, and they went up to the house of Meron, and they went to the house of the Fire, and the Malchites, which were with them for their own sake, in their land.
10: 19 And Joab saw him, because the men of the house were the children of the war; they were not facing him, and they were afraid, and he was afraid of all the sons of Israel, and the people of Israel were coming down, and they were coming down to you, and they were bringing them down.
11: 19 And the children of the tribe of Anas were born in the midst of Abyssinia, and his brothers were there;
12: 19 And he said, If thou hast hastened from Me, then I have seen them, and they have been come to me, but to them, I am not satisfied with them, neither am I, nor my son, nor my people.
13:19 And the children of Zacchal, the son of Zedekiah, were in the midst of the people of Israel, and in the midst of the people, the LORD was with us, and they were with him;
14: 19 And Jehoashab came to him, and he that was with him, before him, before me, I saw them before the war, and they were taken away from before him.
15: 19 And the children of Ammon were with them, seeing that because they were destroyed, they were defeated, and they were defeated, even though they were not before me, because they were ashamed of him, and they were afraid of him, and they were afraid, and the children of Israel came to them.
16: 19 I֣ra Ar֗m C֣i Ngfo֮ Lfn֣i Isral֒ and ֽislho֙ Mlac֔im and Iotz֣iao At-ar֔m As֖r Ma֣br Hnh֑r and Sof֛c Sr-tzb֥a Hdda֖zr Lfnihֽm:
17: 19 Ig֣d Ldo֗id and Ias֤f At-cl-isral֙ and Iab֣r Hird֔n and Ib֣a Alh֔m and ֽiar֖c Alh֑m and Iar֨c Do֜id Lkr֤at Arm֙ Mlhm֔h and Iֽlhm֖o Amֽo:
18: 19 I֣ns Arm֮ Mlfn֣i Isral֒ and Ihr֨g Do֜id Mar֗m Sba֤t Alfim֙ R֔cb and Arba֥im A֖lf A֣is Rgl֑i and A֛t Sof֥c Sֽr-htzb֖a Hmֽit:
19:19 And he saw the servant of the servant of the children of Israel, that they had been redeemed before the children, and that they had become ill, and they had been put to death by the hand of the LORD, and they had become servants to him, and not to their fathers, but to them the children of Ammon, the son of Ammon, the son of Ammon.
‪xxxx  Chapter 20   (8 verses)‬
1: 20 and Ih֡i Lat֩ Tsob֨t Hsn֜h La֣t | Tz֣at Hmlc֗im and Inh֣g Ioab֩ At-h֨il Htzb֜a and Ish֣t | At-a֣rtz Bnֽi-am֗on and Iba֙ and I֣tzr At-rb֔h and Do֖id Is֣b Birֽosl֑m and I֥c Ioa֛b At-rb֖h and Iֽhrsֽh:
2: 20 Ik֣h Do֣id At-atֽrt-mlcm֩ Ma֨l Ras֜o and ֽimtza֣h | Msk֣l Ccr-zh֗b and Bh֙ A֣bn Ikr֔h and Th֖i Al-r֣as Do֑id and Sl֥l Ha֛ir Hotz֖ia Hrb֥h Maֽd:
3: 20 At-ha֨m Asr-b֜h Hotz֗ia and I֨sr Bmgr֜h and Bhritz֤i Hbrzl֙ and Bmgr֔ot and Cn֙ Ias֣h Do֔id Lc֖l Ar֣i Bni-am֑on and I֧sb Do֛id and Cl-ha֖m Iroslֽm: P.
4:20 And there was a time for your brothers to rise up, and they were burning up from the sea, in the midst of the wilderness, with the Philistines, but there was no more. So, I besieged you, the people of the land, and the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the people of Israel.
5:20 And I came to the house of David, and he brought the linen on it, and it came to you, that the son of the son of Israel came out, and he gave the fire to my brother, and he brought me to the house of Gathai.
6:20 And I came to him from the sea, and in the midst of the garden, and there was a woman, and there was a woman of fifty cubits, and six hundred of them, six hundred and six hundred, and nine hundred and thirty.
7: 20 And he brought the people of Israel into the midst of it, and they made him angry; and behold, the son of the son of Shammah, he was not his brother.
8: 20 And the children of the children of the tribe of Anbar were brought up in the midst of the valley, and they were in the hands of David, and they were in the hand of Abedah,
‪xxxx  Chapter 21   (30 verses)‬
1:21 And the people of the tribe of Israel went up against the children of Israel, and the people of Israel went astray, and brought them to Israel, and brought them to Israel.
2:21 And David said unto David, Behold, I pray thee, I pray thee, I pray thee, I pray thee, I pray thee, I pray thee, I pray thee, I pray thee, I pray thee, I pray thee, I pray thee, and I will not be afraid of them.
3: 21 I֣amr Ioa֗b Iosf֩ Iho֨h Al-am֤o | Chm֙ Ma֣h Fam֔im Hla֙ Adn֣i Hm֔lc Cl֥m Ladn֖i Labd֑im L֣mh Ibk֥s Zat֙ Adn֔i L֛mh Ihi֥h Lasm֖h Lisraֽl:
4:21 And David said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not give up the house of Jacob; and it shall come to pass, and it shall come to pass, and it shall be in all Israel, and it shall come to pass, and they shall be destroyed.
5: 21 It֥n Ioa֛b At-msf֥r Mfkd-ha֖m Al-do֑id and Ih֣i Cֽl-isra֡l A֣lf Alfim֩ and Ma֨h A֤lf Ais֙ S֣lֽf H֔rb and ֽihod֕h Arba֩ Ma֨ot and Sba֥im A֛lf A֖is S֥lֽf Hֽrb:
6: 21 And my sons, the sons of the sons of Israel, did not come into the house, but in the midst of them, when they were not, they were moved to the house of David, and they went to Joab.
7: 21 And it came to pass, in the eyes of the LORD, that the LORD came upon the LORD, that is, that which is his son, and he brought thee into the land of Israel.
8: 21 And David said to David, "Behold, God is the God of the people, the sinner of the people of Israel." He said, "Do not be afraid of me." "Do not do this." "Do not be afraid of me."
9: 21 And the LORD spoke unto the Lord, GOD, and the son of David, the son of David;
10: 21 Let the LORD speak to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
11: 21 And it came to pass, that God came to the house of David, and said unto him, Behold, thou art truthful: for the LORD thy God hath received thee.
12: 21 Am-sl֨os Sn֜im Ra֗b and Am-sls֨h Hds֜im Nsf֥h Mfni-tzric֮ and H֣rb Aoib֣c | Lmsgt֒ and Am-sl֣st I֠mim H֣rb Iho֤h and D֙br֙ Ba֔rtz and Mla֣c Iho֔h Msh֖it Bcl-gb֣ol Isra֑l and At֣h Ra֔h Mֽh-as֥ib At-slh֖i Dbֽr: P.
13: 21 And David said unto David, I pray thee, I pray thee, thou shalt not be afraid of me, nor of the children of the LORD, nor of the children of the LORD, nor of the children of the LORD, nor of the children of their fathers.
14: 21 And Jehovah, the LORD, hath dwelt among the children of Israel, and the people of Israel have come down to him, and the seven of them shall not go down.
15: 21 Islh֩ Halh֨im | Mla֥c | Lֽiroslm֮ Lhshith֒ and Chsh֗it Ra֤h Ihoh֙ and In֣hm Al-hֽra֔h and I֨amr Lmla֤c Hmshit֙ R֔b At֖h H֣rf Id֑c and Mla֤c Ihoh֙ Am֔d Am-g֖rn Arn֥n Hibosֽi: S.
16: 21 Is֨a Do֜id At-ain֗io and I֞ra At-mla֤c Ihoh֙ Am֗d B֤in Ha֙rtz֙ and B֣in Hsm֔im and Hrb֤o Slofh֙ Bid֔o Ntoi֖h Al-irosl֑m and If֨l Do֧id and Hzkn֛im Mcs֥im Bsk֖im Al-fnihֽm:
17: 21 I֣amr Do֣id Aֽl-halh֡im Hla֩ An֨i Am֜rti Lmn֣ot Ba֗m and Ani-h֤oa Asr-ht֙ati֙ and Hr֣a Hra֔oti and A֥lh Htz֖an M֣h As֑o LORD Alh֗i Th֨i N֤a Iֽdc֙ B֚i and Bb֣it Ab֔i and ֽbamc֖ L֥a Lmgfֽh: S.
18: 21 And the LORD your God came to me, saying, 'O God, glorify the LORD, and glorify the children of the children of Israel.' "" The people of Israel, the people of the land, the people of Israel, the people of the land, the people of Israel,
19: 21 And David went up in the wilderness of Ged-e-Asad, and Rebekah was in the midst of them, because Jehovah was with them.
20:21 And it came to pass, when Aaron returned, and saw the multitude of you, and multiplied his sons, they were with him, and with him, they were beloved, and they saw them;
21: 21 And David, the son of David, came up to Aaron, and begot Aaron, and he saw the house of David, and came out of the garden, and brought him to the house of David, the father of Ephraim, but of Arazah.
22: 21 And David said unto David, Behold, thou shalt not give unto me, that thou shalt not be ashamed; and the son of his son, and his son, behold, he shall give him bread, and he shall give him bread, and he shall give him the bread, and he shall shake the magpie, and he shall not be afraid of them.
23: 21 I֨amr Arn֤n Al-doid֙ Kֽh-l֔c and I֛as Adn֥i Hm֖lc Ht֣ob Bain֑io Rah֩ Nt֨ti Hbk֜r Lֽal֗ot and Hmorg֧im Latz֛im and Hht֥im Lmnh֖h Hc֥l Ntֽti:
24: 21 And he said unto him, What is thy name, David, that thou hast seen, lo, he is not, that is, so that he may be jealous, for he is not in the midst of the sword of death, but because he is not, but is not his wife, because he is his God, and he is his servant;
25: 21 And they gave themselves up to David, because they saw them in the midst of them, so that they might be weighed down, so that they might be consumed.
26: 21 And the children of the tribe of David were gathered together, and Zebediah, the son of Jehoion, came to him, and he went to the house of the children of Israel, and he became whole, and he called to the LORD, and he gave him bread, and he gave him bread to the fire, because of the food of the people.
27: 21 And the Lord said, Jehovah is full of you, and he is the one who hath returned his sword to his land.
28: 21 And when they saw this, they saw the words of David, saying, "Behold, I am with you, O LORD!" "Behold, we are in the midst of the earth." "Behold, they have been defeated, and they have taken their sins."
29: 21 And the tabernacle of the LORD, that hath made her a servant in the wilderness, and hath brought forth the children of the children, behold, they have come to her in the midst of her, in the midst of the wilderness.
30: 21 And the king of David did not go down to him, and he went down to his face, and his eyes trembled, so that God made him angry, because he was not satisfied, but he went away from me, because he was not afraid of you, because he was the LORD your God.
‪xxxx  Chapter 22   (19 verses)‬
1:22 And David said unto David, Behold, the LORD is the God of the LORD, O God, O God, O God, and this is the source of the inheritance unto the LORD, even unto Israel.
2:22 And David said to David, "Behold, I will bring the Haggardites to Israel, but I will go to the land of Israel, and they will go out to the land of Israel, and they will not return to the land of Israel, but the land of Israel will not be built, and the land of the LORD will be destroyed."
3:22 And it came to pass, that the Lord had given them to him, and that they were not numbered, and that they were not, and that they were the servants of the gate, and that they were not afraid;
4:22 And the children of Arzah were not numbered, nor were they numbered, but the children of Israel were the ones who were victorious, and the people were victorious, and the people of Arzaz were not afraid to return to David.
5: 22 and I֣amr Do֗id Slm֣h Bni֮ N֣ar and Rc֒ and Hb֜it Lbn֣ot Liho֗h Lhgd֨il | Lm֜alh Ls֤m and Ltfa֙rt֙ Lcl-h֣artz֔ot Ac֥inh N֖a L֑o and I֧cn Do֛id Lr֖b Lfn֥i Motֽo:
6:22 And he came to him, that he was not in his house; and they commanded him, and he gave him bread, and he gave him bread to the LORD, and God gave him bread. Then he was brought to Israel.
7:22 And David said unto him, Behold, I am with him, son of the son of Israel, that I may be with thee, that I may not be born unto them, that they may be put to shame, O Jehovah, God is their God.
8: 22 and Ih֨i Al֤i Dbr-ihoh֙ Lam֔r D֤m Lrb֙ Sf֔ct and Mlhm֥ot Gdl֖ot As֑it Lֽa-tbn֥h B֙it֙ Lsm֔i C֚i Dm֣im Rb֔im Sf֥ct A֖rtzh Lfnֽi:
9: 22 Hnh-b֞n Nol֣d L֗c H֤oa Ihih֙ A֣is Mnoh֔h and Hnh֥oti L֛o Mcl-aoib֖io Msb֑ib C֤i Slmh֙ Ihi֣h Sm֔o and Sl֥om and S֛kt At֥n Al-isra֖l Bimֽio:
10:22 And the sons of the children were born, and they were not in the house of the children of Israel, but they were not in the house of the children of Israel.
11: 22 Behold, I am with you, my son! Behold, Yahweh is your nation, and you have been saved, and you have been born, and you have been in the house of Jehovah, O God, O God, thy God, as as the LORD, the LORD is the LORD thy God.
12: 22 But your son, your son, is your God, and the LORD is your God, your God, and your God, and your Lord, and your Lord.
13: 22 A֣z Ttzl֔ih Am-tsm֗or Lasot֙ At-hֽhk֣im and At-hmsft֔im As֨r Tzo֧h Iho֛h At-ms֖h Al-isra֑l Hz֣k and Am֔tz Al-tir֖a and Al-thֽt:
14: 22 Hn֨h Bani֜i Hcin֣oti Lbit-iho֗h Zh֞b Ccr֤im Mֽah-a֙lf֙ and C֗sf A֤lf Alfim֙ Ccr֔im and Lnh֤st and Lbrzl֙ A֣in Msk֔l C֥i Lr֖b Hi֑h and Atz֤im and Abnim֙ Hcin֔oti and Alih֖m Tosֽif:
15: 22 And thy people shall not multiply: but he shall do them, and he shall not make them; but he shall be rich and rich; and he shall be rich, and he shall be rich, and all their things shall be in all manner of work.
16: 22 And behold, thou shalt give up the sword, and lest the woman go down, and bring forth the seed of the sea, and bring it to the ground, and do as it is done: and it shall come to pass, O Yahweh, with thy people.
17: 22 And David brought him forth to all the flesh of Israel, saying, Behold, Lazarus is ashamed of his son, because he is his son.
18: 22 Behold, the LORD is the God, O God, and you are the people of your people, and they are the ones who are with you, because they are in the hands of the people, because they are the people of the people, the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land, the land of Israel, and the land of Israel, the LORD, the LORD, and the people of Israel.
19: 22 At֗h Tn֤o Lbbcm֙ and Nfsc֔m Ldr֖os Liho֣h Alhic֑m and K֗omo and Bno֙ At-mkds֙ LORD Hֽalh֔im Lhb֞ia At-ar֣on Brit-iho֗h and Cli֙ K֣ds Hֽalh֔im Lb֖it Hnbn֥h Lsm-ihoֽh: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 23   (32 verses)‬
1:23 And David, the son of Zack, returned and returned to Yemima, and he brought his peace upon you, and built it upon the children of Israel.
2:23 And all the men of Israel were gathered together, and the priests and the Levites came to them.
3:23 And Jesus said unto them, Behold, the LORD is the LORD, and he is the son of the king, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of Galilee, and the inhabitants of Gilgotham, the mountains of Gibor, the cities of Sosheth, and Samaria.
4: 23 Wherefore hast thou given to the children of the house of the LORD, the children of the LORD, and of the children of the LORD, and of the four hundred, and of the four hundred, and of the captives, and of the officers of the tribe of Ishmael?
5:23 And Arbaath, the children of Ephraim, who were awake, and went up to the house of the children, saying, "Come, I pray thee, O LORD, I will go to you, as I have done, and I will do it."
6: 23 And the one who is the one who has given them up is David, who is a Mahlak, and he is the son of Levi, and he is not the son of Levi, nor the son of Levi.
7: 23 Lagershonai, the son of Lazarus, and the son of Shemaiah.
8: 23 My son, I will go down to the land, and I will see the fire of the sword, and I will bring it to you, and I will give it to them, and it will come to pass.
9: 23 My son, I heard the voice of my people, and I said to them, "I am full of you." "So, I will not be able to return to you."
10:23 And son, he heard the voice of the LORD, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and it came to pass, and he was satisfied with it, and the people of Israel heard it, and the people of Israel heard it.
11:23 And it was there that I saw the fire of the fire, the fire of the sword, and the burning of the fire, and the burning of the water, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came to pass.
12: 23 The children of the children of Kohath, the people of Amor, are the children of Yitzhar, the sons of Hebron, and the inhabitants of Azor, the arbatha, the ark.
13: 23 Bn֥i Amr֖m Ahr֣n and Ms֑h and Ibd֣l Ahr֡n Lֽhkdiso֩ K֨ds Kֽds֤im Hֽoa-obnio֙ Ad-aol֔m Lhktir֩ Lfn֨i Iho֧h Lsrt֛o and Lbr֥c Bsm֖o Ad-aolֽm:
14: 23 And Moses said unto her, Is there a man of God, but his son, his children, shall be called unto him, even unto the children of the tribe of the Levites?
15: 23 The children of Moses, the son of Gershon, were they, and Elijah the Zer;
16: 23 My son, I will inherit them, and they shall return to you, Haru, the son of Saad.
17: 23 And the sons of Elijah, the sons of Elijah, were strangers in the land of Yahweh, and the LORD of the Sages, and not the people of Elijah, the LORD of the Allies, the sons of Israel, and the sons of Israel, the sons of Israel, the people of Rahabiah, the chief of the tribe of Israel.
18: 23 The children of Jazirah, Yitzhar, Solomon, and Haru, the son of Saad.
19: 23 My son, I am the son of Hersh, the son of Jerash, the son of Hersh, who said to me, I am the son of the Levites, and I am the one who is in charge.
20: 23 My son, O Israel, shall I be afraid of thee, O LORD, the fire of the sword, and the sword of the LORD,
21: 23 Behold, my son is bitter; and he is a moth; but he is not ashamed; for he is a son; for he is not afraid; for he is not a man;
22: 23 And Moses said unto him, Come, let him not go, let him not go, let him be with him; for he is not with us, but with his sons, and with his children, and he shall bring up the children of the tribe of Kish, the brother of her brother, even with them.
23: 23 The children of Moishe, Moishei, Mahlal, and Zu, and the people of Vuram, the cities of Shilshah, and Saida.
24: 23 A֣lh Bnֽi-loi֩ Lb֨it Abtih֜m Ras֧i Hab֣ot Lfkodih֗m Bmsf֤r Smot֙ Lglglt֔m Ash֙ Hmlac֔h Labd֖t B֣it Iho֑h Mb֛n Asr֥im Sn֖h and Mֽalh:
25: 23 For when the Lord, the Son of David, came down, there was a son of Yahweh, the God of Israel, and the people of Israel were not with him, and they were brought to Yerushalayim because they were still in the midst of them.
26: 23 And they came to me, because they were not able to take away the tabernacle, and all the vessels thereof were for their servants.
27: 23 And when David spoke, David went on, saying, "Behold, I am the son of Aaron!" He said to him, "Behold, the sons of my son are numbered." "Behold, the twelve sons of Israel are the same, and they are not exalted."
28: 23 When the people of Amidah went up, they gave birth to a son, and they returned to the house of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
29: 23 And unto them shall be the fifth day, and the morning of the morning shall be filled with joy, and the earth shall be filled with bread, and it shall not be full of bread, nor shall I bring it forth, nor drink it, nor it that is rich, nor its substance.
30: 23 And the son of the son of the son of Koruq, the son of the father of the son of Koru, begged to go down to the house of the LORD, and they went to the LORD.
31: 23 And all the mighty men of Israel went up to him, the LORD, the LORD, to them, and to the people of Israel, and to the children of Israel, and to the children of Israel, and to the children of Israel, and to the children of Israel, and to the children of Israel.
32: 23 And he kept his name, and gave him the inheritance of the house of Moab, and gave up the land of the threshing floor, and the sanctity of the house of the children, and they came to the house of their brethren, to worship them, but the house of Yahweh was destroyed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 24   (31 verses)‬
1: 24 And Laban said, "Behold, they have gone astray, because they are not with us, but they are not, but they are not." And the father said to her, "Go to Azazar and you will beware."
2:24 And it came to pass, that the people of Nebuchad, and Abihu, begotten them: for their fathers, their children, and their sons, they were not for them, but they were not, and they were defeated, and they were not with them, and they were bitter.
3: 24 And the children of the Levites were the children of David, and Zadok, the sons of the sons of Israel, were the children of Elazar, and Ahimelech were descendants of the sons of Israel, and the people of Israel were destroyed, because they were destroyed because of their slavery.
4: 24 Imtza֣o Bֽni-alaz֡r Rb֞im Lras֧i Hgbr֛im Mn-bn֥i Aitm֖r and ֽihlk֑om Lbn֨i Alaz֜r Ras֤im Lbit-abot֙ Ss֣h As֔r and Lbn֧i Aitm֛r Lb֥it Abot֖m Smonֽh:
5:24 And he was ashamed of them in the gorilla, saying, I have him with me, because I am the one who is with you, and that is my name, and I am the LORD, and the LORD is my God, and I am not afraid of him, neither son nor son, nor son, nor son, nor son of man.
6: 24 and ֽictb֡m Sֽmֽaih֩ Bn-ntna֨l Hsof֜r Mn-hlo֗i Lfn֨i Hm֤lc and Hsrim֙ and Tzd֣ok Hch֗n and Ahim֙lc֙ Bn-abit֔r and Rasi֙ Hֽab֔ot Lchn֖im and Lloi֑m Bֽit-a֣b Ah֗d Ahz֙ Lalaz֔r and Ah֥z | Ah֖z Laitmֽr: P.
7: 24 And the young man came up to the first place, saying, "Behold, I will return to you, and I will return to my land, and I will return to my land."
8: 24 To the west of the threshing floor, to the north of Jerusalem, to the fourteenth, the four hundred.
9: 24 To Malchai, the fifth day is the fifth day, and the fifth day is the seventh day of my life.
10: 24 Whose is the seven, that is, the father of the Lord, the Lord of the heavens?
11: 24 There is no god but the people of the land, and the people of the land.
12: 24 To Eliashib, do as thou hast done; but as he has done, there is no bread; they have made two things, which he did.
13: 24 To the tribe of Shilash, the son of Asar, he returned to the land of Sheba, the land of Arba'a, as he did.
14: 24 To Balagah, the fifth day of the fifth month of Ashar, the son of Amor, the son of Shesh, the son of Asah, rose up.
15: 24 To restore the seven things that were done, to give up the flock, that is, and to do it.
16: 24 To the tribe of Thalia, thou shalt go down to the land of Asherah, to the west, to the west, to the west, to the west of Esar.
17: 24 And he went up to meet them, and they were nine hundred, and twelve, and nine, and twelve.
18: 24 To David, bring him to Jerusalem, and go to the land of the land of Azzai, the land of Arba'a, and the hundred thousand.
19: 24 And I will bring you to the house of Yahweh, the house of Yahweh, as the judge of them, in the midst of the LORD, because their fathers are like them, because as they have commanded, they have commanded him, O LORD, the LORD is the God of Israel.
20:24 And the sons of Levi, the sons of the sons of Nathar, turned to the children of Amoram, saying, "Surely they will come to Lebanon, and they will return to me, and they will return to me alone."
Num 21: 24 To Yahweh, bring him up to his son, and he will give him his bread, and he will bring him forth.
22: 24 And they said unto him, Behold, ye shall build unto me, that they may be fulfilled;
23:24 And the children of Israel were afraid of him, saying to him, Behold, the six hundred men, the one who is in charge of the six hundred, and the one who is listening to them, the four hundred.
24: 24 Son, O son of Uzziel, is the king of the land, the son of the king.
25: 24 Behold, there is a commandment, that it may be given to the son, that he may be raised up, that he may remember his memory.
26: 24 The children of Merai, Merari, the Mahalites, and the children of Amaziah.
27: 24 Behold, I am bitter: for I have gone to the house of my father, and I have seen him, and I have seen them, and they have gone to them, and they have been destroyed, and they have been burned down, and they have passed away.
28: 24 For my fear, I am afraid of you, and I am not afraid of him.
29: 24 And there shall be a man of the children of the tribe of Kish, and of the tribe of Judah, he shall rejoice.
30: 24 And the sons of Moishe, Mooshei, Mahal, and Zeraim, and the children of Idaho, and the sons of Levi, the sons of the Levites, and the sons of Levi, and their fathers,
31: 24 Ifilo֩ Gm-h֨m Gorl֜ot Lam֣t | Ahih֣m Bnֽi-ahr֗n Lfn֨i Do֤id Hm֙lc֙ and Tzd֣ok and Ahim֔lc and Rasi֙ Hֽab֔ot Lchn֖im and Lloi֑m Ab֣ot Hr֔as Lam֖t Ah֥io Hktֽn: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 25   (31 verses)‬
1: 25 and Ibd֣l Doid֩ and Sr֨i Htzb֜a Labd֗h Lbn֤i Asf֙ and Him֣n and ֽidot֔on * ** Hֽnba֛im prophets [y] Bcnr֥ot Bnbl֖im and Bmtzlt֑im and ֽihi֙ Msfr֔m Ans֥i Mlac֖h Labdtֽm:
2: 25 To the son of the king, I will lift up the fire, and burn it, and we will give it to you, and let the children of Israel go down, and I will lift up the hand of the hand of Esau, and I will bring the children over to you.
3: 25 Lidot֑on Bn֣i Idot֡on Gdli֡ho and Tzr֡i and ֽ֠isaiho Hsbi֨ho and Mtti֜ho Ss֗h Al֩ Id֨i Abih֤m Idoton֙ Bcn֔or Hnb֕a Al-hd֥ot and Hl֖l Lihoֽh: S.
4: 25 Lhim֑n Bn֣i Him֡n Bki֡ho Mtni֡ho A֠zial Sboa֨l and ֽirim֜ot Hnni֣h Hn֗ni Alia֤th Gd֙lti֙ and Rm֣mti A֔zr Isbk֣sh Ml֔oti Hot֖ir Mhziaֽot:
5:25 All the children of Israel are ready to die, for they are the ones who have promised you, and they will not be able to return. God will not be afraid of them, and they will be cursed, and God will return to them, and they will die. "17 The children of Arba'a said:" As for the sons of Israel, they are the descendants of the people of Israel. "
6: 25 Cl-a֣lh Al-idi֩ Abih֨m Bs֜ir B֣it Iho֗h Bmtzlt֙im֙ Nbl֣im and Cnr֔ot Labd֖t B֣it Halh֑im A֚l Id֣i Hm֔lc S. As֥f and Idot֖on and Himֽn:
7:25 And they were numbered of them with their brethren, and they were in the midst of the light of the LORD; they were all of them, and they were not numbered, but they were not there; they were numbered, and their names were numbered.
8: 25 And the children of Gilel, who were in charge of the house of the nation, were numbered as small, and as a great nation, they were not with them.
9: 25 And he gave up the gallows, and the fire of the fire, and the fire of the sword, to the sword, to the sword of the greatness of his greatness, to the greatness of his greatness, and to his strength, and to his sons,
10: 25 The third time, he remembered his son, his sons, and his brother, they were two, and he did what he did.
11: 25 The four of them were the children of Nazareth: and his sons, and his brethren, were two men, who did what he did.
12: 25 The fifties, they gave him his son, his sons, and his brother, they made him two things, which he did.
13: 25 The sixth day, my sons, his sons, his sons, his children, and his family, were many, many, many, many, many.
14: 25 The seven shall be raised, and his sons shall be filled with him, and his brother, his servants;
15: 25 He that is faithful to him, his servants, his people, his sons, his children, and his brothers, are many who have done what he has done.
16: 25 Thou shalt deliver it, and it shall be given to him: his sons, his children, and his brethren.
17: 25 He that is rich, is he that hears his children, and his sons, and his servants;
18: 25 Do as thou hast done unto the children of Azariah, his sons, his children, and his brethren.
19: 25 The twenty-nine were the tenth of his captives, and his sons, his children, and his brethren, were two men, who did what he did.
20: 25 And three hundred and twenty-nine: Saad, his father, and his sons, and his brothers, were two men;
Num 21: 25 To Arbaa, there were ten of his daughters, his daughters, his sons, his children, and his brothers, two sons, who did what he did.
22: 25 To the fifth day of the tenth month of the twentieth century, there is no god but him, but his sons, his children, and his brethren, are two men;
23: 25 And his wife, his wife, was with him, and his sons were with him, and his brothers were with him.
24: 25 And when he was seven, he was satisfied with his wife, his son, and his sons, and his sons.
25: 25 For his name is the tenth of his inheritance: for I am his son, and his sons, and his brethren, for they have done two things.
26: 25 For nine hundred years he was satisfied, because he was not with me, but with his sons, and with him, and with him, they were many, but he did what he did.
27: 25 For twenty years the LORD hath given up his sons, his sons, and his brethren, which are two things, that he hath done.
28: 25 To one hundred and twenty servants, the sons of his sons, and his brothers, were many, but they did not do anything.
29: 25 And two hundred and twenty, and to him I have betrayed his children, and his brother, they have done two things that he did.
30: 25 And three hundred and twenty, seven hundred and fifty, five hundred, seven hundred, thirty, and two hundred;
31: 25 To Arbaa, he was twenty and ten, and he had mercy on me, and he was with me, and his son was with him, and his brothers were there.
‪xxxx  Chapter 26   (32 verses)‬
1:26 And he that sleweth the men of the house of the men of the house of the children of the house of Korah, not of the son of the son, but of Asaph.
2: 26 And he gave up his peace: his sons, his sons, his sons, his remembrance, his father, his father, the son of the son, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, the son of Benjamin, the son of Benjamin, the son of Benjamin,
3:26 And the fifth, the fifth, was Jehoahan, the sixth, the sixth, that is, to them, that is, to the seven hundred.
4: 26 And they went down to Edom, because they were sons, and they were not in charge of them, but the Lord blessed them, and Yohazab, the son of the Levites, was the LORD, and he was the fourth of the four hundred, and he was given the fifth of Hamishias.
5: 26 The people of the tribe of Shushai, the inhabitants of the land of Israel, the inhabitants of the Levites, the inhabitants of the Levites, the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land.
6:26 And the children of the children of Israel, the children of the children of Israel, went to the house of the king, and they returned to their father's house, so that they would not be able to return to their land.
7: 26 My son, my name is Shimei, because I am jealous of you, and I have mercy on you, and I will return to you, and I will bring you back to you, the sons of the children of Israel, to whom the gods belong, and I will make you happy with them.
8: 26 All of them, from the sons of the sons of Israel: their servants, their sons, and their brethren, were there, and there was no man, no man, but they were servants of the servants, and they were three men, and they were two men;
9: 26 And the children of Solomon, the sons of Judah, and the sons of the children of Hahnal, were raised in peace;
10:26 And the sons of Merar said, "Behold, sons of Merar!" Behold, the children of Israel were saved, and the first generation was not, because it was not the LORD, but he was in the house, and made him a father.
11: 26 And I will not be ashamed of you, O my lord; for I will not be ashamed of him, but I will not be ashamed of him.
12: 26 To the Lord, the God of God, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne.
13: 26 And the children of the children of Israel were brought to death, as though they were small, and as a great thing, they were not in their fathers' house, but they were still in the wilderness.
14: 26 And the generation of the gorilla was cast out of Mizrah, the land of Judah, and the people of Zohari, his father, and Zacharih, his son, and his sons, and Joachim, in the midst of the tents of Galilee;
15: 26 To their servants, they have gone down, and their hearts are back, and their children are in the house, and they are gathered together.
16: 26 And he returned to them, and went back to the land of Israel, saying, "It is not the land of Israel, but the land of the land, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of the people of Israel."
17: 26 To the east, behold, the threshing-floor is the sixth day, and it is not the fourth day of the day, but the fourteenth day, the day of the LORD, and the gate of the land, and the land of the LORD, and the people of the land.
18: 26 To the Lord, the Lord is the Lord, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
19: 26 I will send you from Mahlukot to Heshon, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
20:26 And the LORD said unto them, My brethren, I pray thee, O God, I pray thee, O God, I pray thee, and I will not be ashamed;
21: 26 The children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the Haggashvans, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the heads of Israel, the people of Israel, the Levites, the Levites, etc. 17 Haggashvu'nu, Yahya, Yahil, and others.
22: 26 The children of Israel, Jehoiah, have mercy on them, and their families have come to them, and they have given up their lives for the sake of the people of Israel.
23: 26 The people of my country, the children of Israel, are not ashamed of me; they are not the ones who are afraid of me.
24:26 And Shiloh, the son of Gersheth, was a son of Moses, and he went on a rampage against the children of Israel.
25: 26 And his brethren, the children of the LORD, his sons, and his sons, and his sons, and his sons, and his sons, and his sons, remembered him, and remembered his sons, and Solomon, and Solomon, and his sons.
26: 26 Behold, I am full of all things, and of all the people of the sanctuary, I am the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, and of the chief of the family, the father of the sons of Israel, of the children of Israel, and of the people of Israel, and of the people of Israel, and of the tribe of Israel.
27: 26 From the salt of the grain, and from the grain of the salt, the bread of the grain was brought to the breast, to the bread of the LORD.
28: 26 And the king came to him, the captain of the tribe of Shammu, who saw it, and he saw it; and Saul, the son of Kush, the son of Saad, and Abner, son of Ner, and Joab the son of Zeruiah, and the son of Zeruiah, were all the children of Kedem, a man of the tribe of Amazel, the hand of Solomon, and his brothers.
29: 26 And Yitzhar, his sons, his sons, his sons, and his children, did not take possession of the land, but the children of Israel went up to the tribe of Shazar, and they came to Lashpat.
30: 26 Lֽhbron֡i Hsbiho֩ and Ah֨io Bni-h֜il A֣lf and Sba-ma֗ot A֚l Fkd֣t Isra֔l Ma֥br Lird֖n Mar֑bh Lcl֙ Ml֣act Iho֔h and Labd֖t Hmֽlc:
31: 26 Lֽhbroni֙ Iri֣h Hr֔as Lֽhbron֥i Ltldt֖io Lab֑ot Bsn֨t Hֽarba֜im Lmlc֤ot Doid֙ Ndr֔so and Imtz֥a Bh֛m Gb֥ori H֖il Biaz֥ir Glaֽd:
32: 26 Ah֣io Bni-h֗il Alf֛im and Sb֥a Ma֖ot Ras֣i Hab֑ot and Ifkid֞m Do֣id Hm֗lc Al-hraobn֤i and Hgdi֙ and Htzi֙ S֣bt Hֽmns֔i Lcl-db֥r Halh֖im and Db֥r Hmֽlc: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 27   (34 verses)‬
1: 27 and Bn֣i Isra֣l | Lֽmsfr֡m Ras֣i Hab֣ot and Sr֣i Hֽalf֣im | and Hma֡ot and Strihm֩ Hmsrt֨im At-hm֜lc Lc֣l | Db֣r Hֽmhlk֗ot Hba֤h and Hitzat֙ H֣ds Bh֔ds Lc֖l Hds֣i Hsn֑h Hֽmhl֙kt֙ Hֽah֔t Asr֥im and Arba֖h Aֽlf: S.
2: 27 And the people of the tribe of Hahath, the tribe of Harash, the captain of the tribe of Heshon, the son of Zerba, the son of Zabdeh, the son of Zabdez, the son of Zabdez, the son of Zabdeh, the son of Zabal, the son of Zechariah;
3: 27 From the sons of the king of Persia, the fire of the serpent, to all the men, is the commandment of the people of the land, and the chief of the tribe of Judah.
4: 27 ו֞ע֞ל מַלחחֶ֣֣שׁש הַ החחֶׁ֣֗֗ ד דּו֤ד֤֤י האאחווֹח֙יֲּּ֣֣֙֙ללקקתתּ֔֔וִּּקק֖ל֖ותת הננָּּג֑֑דְעע֙ל֔֔֔לקקתתּ֔ו עְֶַַרָּבעע ו֖֖א אֽלֶל:ף ס ס ס
5: 27 And the seventh day of the seventh month of the sixth month of the month of Cheshvan, the sixth day of the year, is the son of Yahweh, the son of Jehoiadah, who is the king of Israel, and the king of Israel is victorious, and the people of the land are numbered, and he is ten thousand and four hundred.
6:27 27 The sons of the sons of the tribe of Gilead, of the threshing floor, of the threshing-floor, of the threescore, and of the children of the tribe of Amaziah, of Baznu.
7:27 27 And the forty-seven came to the fourteenth day of the ark, but he did not go up to the house, but he came back to him, and he returned to his house, and returned to him, after his death, and he returned to the land of Mahluket, the city of Esar, and Arba'a,
8: 27 The fifth day is the fifth day of the fifth day, and the fifth day of the year is the year of the year of the golden age, and on the tenth day of the month of the month of Sukkot there were nine hundred and twenty four hundred.
9: 27 The sixth day is the month of the month of the sixth month, the month of the city of Ben-Akez, which is the city of Tikkun, and the city of Mahluket, the city of Asir, and Arba'a, the city of Aֽֽlףf.
10: 27 The seventh day was the seventh day of the seventh month, the fifth day of the reign of the Philistines, of the sons of the children of Israel, of Ephrath, and of the Mahluket, of which there were nine hundred, and four hundred, thirty thousand.
11: 27 The eighth day is the fifth day of the month of Cheshvan, the seventh day of the month of Cheshvan, the seventh day of the month of Cheshvan, and the tenth of the month of Mahluket, the tenth day of the twentieth century.
12: 27 Thou shalt make the charge of the threshing-in-law of the transgression, but the abomination of the iniquity of the sons of the sons of the Levites: the son of the king, the son of the king, the son of the king, of the children of Israel.
13: 27 The tenth of the seventh month of the month of the month of Cheshvan, the tenth of the month of the twentieth century, is the month of the twentieth century.
14: 27 Do as thou hast done unto me, that I may do it, that I may make the house of the children of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, of the children of Israel, even of the children of Israel, even of the children of Israel, and of the children of Mahluket, of whom are ten thousand, and four hundred;
15: 27 The twenty-ninth day of the twentieth century, as it was done, the tenth day of the month, the month of Cheshvan, the tenth day of the twentieth century, the month of the twentieth century, the month of Atonement, and the month of Mahluket, the tenth day of the nineteenth century, and the fourth century,
16: 27 And on the sabbath of the tribe of Israel, the children of Israel went up, and the children of the tribe of Zuban, the son of Zechariah, the son of Zechariah, the son of Zechariah, the son of Lazarus, the son of Zechariah, the son of Lazarus;
17: 27 Lillio, the son of Sheba, the son of Kammuah, came to Laharu, and Zad, the son of Jacob.
18: 27 To him he was a witness: God is the God of the people, the brother of David, the son of David, the son of Mechiah, the son of Solomon.
19: 27 Yea, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the sons of Labadai,
20: 27 To him, son of Ephraiam, the son of Hazaah, the son of Azazai, brought him to Hazzi, the son of Boaz, of the tribe of Manasseh: Joa, son of Pidai,
21: 27 And the son of the son of Abner, the son of Zerah, the son of the son of Zechariah;
22: 27 The children of Izzarah, the son of Jeruah, were there; but they said to him, 'Seriously, I will not be ashamed.'
23: 27 And the men of the tribe of David did not die, because they were twenty-nine, and they were not numbered, and they were not circumcised, so that the LORD, the LORD, had raised up the LORD to bring forth the people of Israel, as if he were lying, and the people were there.
24: 27 And Joab the son of Zeruiah, behold, they were not to be appointed, and they were not all of them, and they were there, and they were not numbered, and they were cast upon the children of Israel, and they did not go up, nor did the people of Israel die in the wilderness, but in the land of the wilderness, they spoke to the LORD.
25: 27 And the people of Israel, the people of the tribe of Israel, went up against the people of the tribe of Adaih, so that the people of the land were destroyed, and in the land of the land, the land of Israel, and on the banks of the land, and on the high places, the houses of the LORD were there, because they were sons of Uzziah.
26: 27 And the servant shall do the work of the servant of the land, the servant of the servant, the servant of the LORD, and of the children of Azar, the son of all the children of Israel.
27: 27 And the people of the vineyard shall not hear, but the mountains shall be filled with bread. And the vineyard which is in the vineyard shall be the seed of the trees; the wine shall be the wine of the vineyard.
28: 27 And the people, the men, the men, the men, and the men of valor, and the women of the tribe of Shapira, the children of Hanan, the mighty ones, and the children of Nazareth;
29: 27 And unto the firstborn is the evil of the flesh, and of the flesh, and of the flesh, and of the flesh, and of the flesh, and of the flesh, and of the broom, and of the broom.
30: 27 And the greatness of the angels, and the greatness of the heavens, and the greatness of the heavens, and the greatness of the heavens,
31: 27 And the son of Hazan, the son of Zechariah, the son of Hagar, the king of all the people of Israel, was a minister of the land.
32: 27 And the LORD shall be with him, and he shall be the son of the wise, and the son of the wise shall be with him.
33: 27 And thou shalt be afraid of the mouth of the wicked, and of the children of Israel, and of the people of the land, and of the people of the land.
34: 27 And after that the brotherhood of the children of Israel came to pass, and the son of his sons came to him, and the son of the son was born, and the flesh of the deer was not.
‪xxxx  Chapter 28   (21 verses)‬
1: 28 and Ikh֣l Do֣id At-cl-sr֣i Isra֡l Sr֣i Hsbt֣im and Sr֣i Hmhlk֣ot Hmsrt֪im At-hm֟lc and Sr֣i Half֣im and Sr֣i Hma֡ot and Sr֣i Cl-rcos-omknh֩ | Lm֨lc and Lbn֜io Am-hsris֧im and Hgbor֛im and ֽlcl-gb֥or H֖il Al-iroslֽm:
2: 28 I֨km Do֤id Hm֙lc֙ Al-rgl֔io and I֕amr Sma֖oni Ah֣i and Am֑i An֣i Am-lbb֡i Lbnot֩ B֨it Mnoh֜h Lar֣on Brit-iho֗h and Lhdm֙ Rgl֣i Alh֔ino and Hcin֖oti Lbnֽot:
3: 28 And God said unto her, Behold, thou shalt not understand it: thou shalt not go astray: for when there is no man, there shall be no bread, nor bread, nor bread, nor meat;
4: 28 Ibh֡r LORD Alhi֩ Isra֨l B֜i Mc֣l Bit-ab֗i Lhi֨ot Lm֤lc Al-isral֙ Laol֔m C֤i Bֽihodh֙ Bh֣r Lng֔id and Bb֥it Ihod֖h B֣it Ab֑i and Bbn֣i Ab֔i B֣i Rtz֔h Lhml֖ic Al-cl-israֽl:
5: 28 And the children of the sons of the children of Israel, because of the greatness of the children, the sons of Israel, gave up to them, and the LORD gave them to them, and he returned to the land of Israel, so that he could return to the land of the land, and the kingdom of Yahweh came upon the children of Israel.
6: 28 And he said unto him, Behold, I have done it unto thee, thou art the son of the son of the son of the son of the king, and the sons of the sons of Israel.
7: 28 And they prepared the kingdom of kings, even unto them, even if they did not desire to do the commandment of the law, but the judge, the judge, was the same, because of this law.
8: 28 and ֠ath Lain֨i Cl-isra֤l Khl-ihoh֙ and Bazn֣i Alh֔ino Smr֣o and Drs֔o Cl-mtzoֺ֖t LORD Alhic֑m Lm֤an Tֽirso֙ At-ha֣rtz Htob֔h and Hnhlt֛m Lbnic֥m Ahric֖m Ad-aolֽm: P.
9: 28 At֣h Slmֽh-bn֡i Da֩ At-alh֨i Ab֜ic and Abd֗ho Bl֤b Slm֙ and Bn֣fs Hftz֔h C֤i Cl-lbbot֙ Dor֣s Iho֔h and Cl-i֥tzr Mhsb֖ot Mb֑in Aֽm-tdrs֙no֙ Im֣tza L֔c and Am-tֽazb֖no Iznihc֥ Laֽd:
10: 28 And behold, thou shalt go up to the house of the LORD, O God, O son of the LORD, and bring thee into the house of the LORD, and bring it to the house of the LORD.
11: 28 And they gave themselves to David, that he had given him his son the sons of the sons of the nation, and his sons, and his daughters, and his families, and his families, and his sons, and the sons of the children, and the children, and the sons of the children, the children of the children.
12: 28 And all the men of the tribe of Israel were gathered together; they were the sons of the sons of Jehu, the people of Israel, the sons of Yahweh, the sons of Yahweh, and all the inhabitants of the land of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel, the descendants of the LORD, the LORD, and the people of the holy land.
13:28 And they went out of the houses of the priests, and the sons of the LORD, the sons of the LORD, and the sons of Yahweh, and all the sons of the LORD.
14: 28 And behold, it is not in the shekel, but it is in all the works of all, and it is the work of the servants, and it is the work of all the men, and all the workers, all of them, all of them, all of them, all of them, all of them, and all of them, all of them, all their works, and their servants.
15: 28 Msk֞l Lmnr֣ot Hzh֗b and Nrֽtihm֙ Zh֔b Bmskl-mnor֥h and Mnor֖h and Nrt֑ih and Lmnr֨ot Hc֤sf Bmskl֙ Lmnor֣h and Nrt֔ih Cabod֖t Mnor֥h and Mnorֽh:
16: 28 And that which was poured out was a sackcloth, that they sent away the spoils, and they sent them out to send them, and they sent them to them, and they came to them, and sent them together to send them away.
17: 28 And the one who is thirsty, and the one who is thirsty, and the one who is thirsty, and the one who is weak, the one who is in the house, and the one who is in the house, the one who is in the house, and the one who is in the house, and the one who is in the house,
18: 28 And for the inheritance of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD of the LORD, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, is the Lord of the LORD, and the Lord of the Lord.
19: 28 And the king was weeping, because of the commandment of the LORD, the LORD, and upon him, he gave up the house of the king, the angel of the house of the children.
20: 28 I֨amr Do֜id Lslm֣h Bn֗o Hz֤k and Amtz֙ and As֔h Al-tir֖a and Al-th֑t Ci֩ Iho֨h Alh֤im Alhi֙ Am֔c L֤a Irfc֙ and L֣a Iֽazb֔c Ad-lcl֕ot Cl-ml֖act Abod֥t Bit-ihoֽh:
21: 28 Hn֗h Mhlkot֙ Hchn֣im and Hloi֔m Lcl-abod֖t B֣it Halh֑im and Amc֙ Bcl-mlac֜h Lcl-nd֤ib Bֽhcmh֙ Lcl-abod֔h and Hsr֥im and Cl-ha֖m Lcl-dbrֽic: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 29   (30 verses)‬
1: 29 and I֨amr Do֤id Hm֙lc֙ Lcl-hkh֔l Slm֨h Bn֥i Ah֛d Bֽhr-b֥o Alh֖im N֣ar and R֑c and Hmlac֣h Gdol֔h C֣i L֤a Ladm֙ Hbir֔h C֖i Liho֥h Alhֽim:
2: 29 ֽccl-ch֞i Hcin֣oti Lbit-alh֗i Hzh֣b | L֠zhb and Hc֨sf Lc֜sf and Hnh֣st Lnh֗st Hbrzl֙ Lbrz֔l and Hatz֖im Latz֑im Abni-s֨hm and Mloa֜im Abni-f֣oc and Rkm֗h and C֨l A֧bn Ikr֛h and Abni-s֖is Lrֽb:
3: 29 And I will be pleased with my desire, but in the midst of the LORD, there is no power, but there is no power, and no power, nor my soul, nor my soul, nor my soul, nor my soul, nor my soul, nor my soul, nor my soul, nor my soul.
4: 29 And the six of them went up, as if they were crowding, they were burning, and they were seven thousand, and seven thousand, and seven thousand, seven thousand, three hundred, four hundred, fifty thousand;
5: 29 Lazarus went to Zahav, and he took up the sword of the king, and gave him all the food, and he gave it to him, and he returned to the land of Haresh, and he returned to Me, and he returned to the land of Judah.
6: 29 And you shall bear witness to the flesh of the father, the father, the wife, the wife, and the wife of the children; and the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
7: 29 and ֽitn֞o Labod֣t Bit-halh֗im Zh֞b Ccr֣im Hmֽst-alfim֮ and Adrcn֣im Rbo֒ and C֗sf Ccrim֙ As֣rt Alf֔im and Nh֕st Rb֛o and Smon֥t Alf֖im Ccr֑im and Brz֖l Mֽah-a֥lf Ccrֽim:
8: 29 And the sons of Amaziah took him away, and the sons of Yahweh came to the house of Yahweh, but they were not in the hand of Yahweh, but the Girshonites came back.
9: 29 And the people rejoiced, and the people went on, because they were in the midst of them, because they were not in their hearts, because they had been baptized, because they were not with them, and the LORD was with them, and the LORD was with you, and the LORD was with you.
10: 29 And David turned away from you, and he brought the LORD out of his sight: for all the children of Israel were full, and David said, "Behold, the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD."
11: 29 For you, the LORD, the LORD, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, and the mighty.
12: 29 And the good, and the honor, is upon thee, and thou shalt be satisfied, and it is in thine hand, and in thy hands, it is like the flesh of the flesh, and it is your heart, and it is your heart, and it is the flesh, and the flesh, and the flesh, and the flesh.
13: 29 And God, our God, have given us hope, but we have given you strength, and they have given us strength, and they have not given up, because they have been destroyed.
14: 29 And therefore I am with you, and I am with you, so that I may be ashamed of you, so that I may turn away from you, so that I may turn away from you, and from your hand, let us come to you.
15: 29 For when we are jealous, we are not with thee, before thee, and sit down, and as in the house of our fathers, we shall be like a turtle: for we shall bring forth the land of the land, and it shall not be full of it.
16: 29 Yahweh, O God, give us strength, and this is the truth, and this is the law, and it is not so much, but it is not your intention, but your sons, your wives, your children, your wives, your children, your children, your children, your children, your children, your family, your children, your children and your family.
17: 29 Id֣ati Alh֔i C֤i Ath֙ Bh֣n Lb֔b and Misr֖im Trtz֑h An֗i Bi֤sr Lbbi֙ Htnd֣bti Cl-a֔lh and At֗h Amc֙ Hnmtzao-f֔h Ra֥iti Bsmh֖h Lhֽtndb-lֽc:
18: 29 Yahweh, may God have mercy on them, I will bring you to Israel, and I will bring you to Israel, and I will bring you to Israel, and I will bring you to Israel, and I will return to the land of Israel, and the land of the people of Mesopotamia will return to you, and your people will return to you, and they will return to their hearts.
19: 29 And they have given it to them, that they may be blessed, that they may not be saved, but your commandments are yours, and they are your witnesses, and your statutes, and your statutes, and these are the laws of the king, and the hearts of the children are great, and they are the children of the children.
20: 29 I֤amr Doid֙ Lcl-hkh֔l Bֽrco-n֖a At-iho֣h Alhic֑m and Ibrc֣o Cֽl-hkh֗l Lihoh֙ Alh֣i Abֽtih֔m and Ikd֧o and Iֽstho֛o Liho֖h and Lmֽlc:
21: 29 Izbh֣o Liho֣h | Z֠bhim and Ial֨o Al֜ot Liho֗h Lֽmhrt֮ Hi֣om Hhoa֒ Fr֨im A֜lf Ail֥im A֛lf Cbs֥im A֖lf and Nscih֑m and Zbh֥im Lr֖b Lcl-israֽl:
22: 29 Iacl֨o and Ist֜o Lfn֧i Iho֛h Bi֥om Hh֖oa Bsmh֣h Gdol֑h and Iml֤ico Snit֙ Lslm֣h Bn-do֔id and Imsh֧o Liho֛h Lng֥id and Ltzd֖ok Lchֽn:
23: 29 And he that sat down was on the throne of the house of the LORD, the LORD his God, and gave him the inheritance of his father, and the father of his fathers, and he was saved, and he listened to him, and all his people were with him.
24: 29 And all the mighty men, and the mighty men, and all their children, are they the ones who are in the hands of the LORD, because we have given birth to them, and they have given birth to the king.
25: 29 And Jehadoh, the son of Judah, slew him for all the children of Israel, for all the children of Israel, all the children of Israel were on him, and they were on top of them, and the people of Israel were on their way to the land of Israel, and the people of Israel were on their way to the land of Israel, and the people of Israel were still waiting for them to return to their land.
26: 29 And David, son of Jesse, said unto him, I pray thee unto all the children of Israel.
27: 29 And the men, who were born, went up to the house of Israel, four hundred and thirty, that were in the midst of the wilderness, that they were not in possession of the land of the children of Israel, and that they were destroyed, and that they were destroyed, and that they were destroyed, and they were not ashamed of them.
28: 29 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt return thine eyes: and he shall return to him, and he shall return to his house, and he shall be full of fear, and he shall be full of you, and he shall return to him in his stead.
29: 29 And I said unto David, Behold, the children of the firstborn, and the late ones, are not they, as they have written about the word of the LORD, and they have spoken to him, seeing it, and speaking to me, they have come to pass, and they shall speak to me, and they shall speak to me.
30: 29 When all the kingship was with him, and his greatness was lifted up, and the time was gone, when his people passed away, and his people went up against him, and upon the children of Israel, and all the people of the land of Israel went up to the land of Israel.
‪xxxx    End of 1 Chronicles (29 chapters, 943 verses).
