‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.46. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Daniel (12 chapters, 357 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (21 verses)‬
1: 1 In the second year of the reign of the king, the kingdom of Yahweh came to pass, and the people of Judah came to him, saying, "Behold, Nebuchadnezzar, your descendants, shall not be rebuilt, nor shall Israel be trampled upon;
2: 1 and Itn֩ Adn֨i Bid֜o At-ihoik֣im Mֽlc-ihod֗h and Mktzt֙ Cl֣i Bit-hֽalh֔im and Ibia֥m Aֽrtz-sna֖r B֣it Alh֑io and At-hcl֣im Hb֔ia B֖it Aotz֥r Alhֽio:
3: 1 And he said unto him, What is your inheritance to Espanus, that is, and that is, that is, the people of Syria, and they shall return to Me, because of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and of the land of the Moloch, and of the land of the Euphrates.
4: 1 Ild֣im As֣r Aֽin-bh֣m Cl- * Umm ** Mom֩ and Tob֨i Mra֜h and Mscil֣im Bcl-hcm֗h and I֤dai D֙at֙ and Mbin֣i Md֔a and Asr֙ C֣h Bh֔m Lam֖d Bhic֣l Hm֑lc and ֽllmd֥m S֖fr and Ls֥on Csdֽim:
5: 1 And the people of the LORD were with them, and the people of the LORD spoke to them, saying, "Behold, I will come to you, and I will go to the house of the king, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
6: 1 And they were in their midst, because of the children of the children of Judah, Jehoahadah, of Danai, of Hananai, of Mechishah, and of Azarai, of Judah.
7: 1 And it came to pass, that they had given to them, that they had given up to the Syrians, and that they had given them the name of them, and that they had been given to the LORD, and they had given them unto him, and they had been given to him, and they had not been married to them. And they were not with them, and they were not with them, nor with them, nor with them, nor with them.
8: 1 And it came to pass, that Daniel had given up on his heart, that he had not married him, because he was in the house of the king, because he was with thee, and that he had not received his money; and he begged him, that he had given up the land of the Saracens, that he was not married, nor that he was angry with them.
9: 1 And the LORD gave them strength, and I brought them to the house, and they came unto me, and they returned to the land of the land, and the land was destroyed, and the land was destroyed.
10: 1 and I֜amr S֤r Hsrisim֙ Ld֣ni֔al Ir֤a Ani֙ At-adn֣i Hm֔lc As֣r Mn֔h At-maclc֖m and At-mstic֑m As֡r Lmh֩ Ira֨h At-fnic֜m Zֽaf֗im Mn-hildim֙ As֣r Cgֽilc֔m and Hibt֥m At-ras֖i Lmֽlc:
11: 1 And my lord said unto me, I pray unto the king, that I may not go into the land of Israel, nor the land of the land of Israel, nor the land of Israel, nor the land of the land, nor the land of the land.
12: 1 And I will bring thy servant to you, and they shall give us bread, and we shall give it to thee, because of the wickedness, and we shall eat it, and it shall come to pass, and it shall be fulfilled.
13: 1 And he saw it before you, and he turned to you, and he saw it, and he saw it, and the children came, and he said, "This is the place of the house of the LORD, and it is not the way of the LORD, nor is it the way of the LORD."
14: 1 And they went up to their fathers, to the Lord, that was the same, and they took them away, so that they were ten years old.
15: 1 And he shall cut off the twelve days of the tenth year, and he shall see it, and see it, and see it, and see it, and it shall be brought forth, and it shall be given to the children of the children of all the children of all the children, even the children of the children of Israel, the children of the tribe of Phaab.
16: 1 And he, behold, the king of Nazareth took up the tribe of Phpabagam, and they were not twelve of them, and they were brought to them, because they were thirsty.
17: 1 And the children were born, they were the four hundred, but they were not, because they were the God of God, and they were not of the LORD, and of the people of the land, and of the wise men, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Hazon, and of the Chaldeans.
18: 1 And to the king of the heavens, that is, that the people of the land go forth to bring them forth, and bring them to the land of the threshing-floor, and they shall return to the land of Nebuchadnezzar.
19: 1 And the LORD shall bring them into the house, and the king shall come to them, and he shall not be found; and he shall be taken away from them, and they shall not be with me.
20: 1 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not understand, that which is in thy name, that which is theirs, and that is it, and they shall find it, that is, the hand of the hand, and all the men, and all the men of the men, and all the men of the kingdom.
21: 1 And I am the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the worlds.
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (49 verses)‬
1: 2 And the two daughters of the tribe of Malchut, the sons of Nebuchadnezzar, reigned in the midst of them, and rebuked the children of the tribe of Kedem, and the children of Kohath returned to him, and the spirit of his life was restored to him, and his greatness was brought to him.
2: 2 and I֣amr H֠mlc Lkr֨a Lֽhrtm֜im and Lֽasf֗im and Lֽmcsfim֙ and Lcsd֔im Lhg֥id Lm֖lc Hlmt֑io and Ib֕ao and Iֽamd֖o Lfn֥i Hmֽlc:
3: 2 And he said unto them, Behold, I am the king of thee, and I am the son of the dead, and I have died, and I have been baptized with the spirit of spirit.
4: 2 וֽיְּדבּב֧ר֧ו הככּּשּׂׂד֛ם לממ֖לֶך אאָרממ֑ל֑מ מַלךמ֙ל֙מללממ֣֣ן חייְּמ֣מ֣ן חיי֔מְמ֥ר חללממ֛אא * לעבדיך ** לעעבבדד֖֖ך וּּפששׁרר֥א נ נַחוֽאא:ה.
5: 2 An֤h Mlca֙ and Am֣r * Lcsdia ** Lcsda֔i Mlt֖a Mn֣i Azd֑a H֣n L֤a Thֽodaon֙ni֙ Hlm֣a and Fsr֔h Hdmin֙ Ttabd֔on and Btic֖on Nol֥i Itsmֽon:
6: 2 And behold, there was a dream, and this is the beginning of the month of Tishreen, which is the month of the seventeenth century, and it is a month of mourning, and it is a day of mourning, and it is a day of mourning, and it is a day of mourning, a day of mourning, a day of mourning, a day of mourning, a day of joy, and a time of joy and joy.
7: 2 The people of Tannin, the nation of Israel, and the Amorites, of Malakah, of Helmah, of Amor, of Ambar, of Labad, of Zohon, and of Phisharah, of Nahhah, of Judah.
8: 2 I will give you the money, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
9: 2 D֣i Hn-hlma֩ L֨a Thֽodan֜ni Hdh-h֣ia Dֽtc֗on and Ml֨h Cdb֤h and Shith֙ * Hzmnton ** Hzdmnton֙ [a] Lmam֣r Kֽdm֔i A֛d D֥i Adn֖a Istn֑a Lh֗n Hlma֙ Am֣ro L֔i and ֽand֕a D֥i Fsr֖h Thhonֽni:
10: 2 An֨o * When Dia ** Csda֤i Kdm-mlca֙ and A֣mr֔in Lֽa-ait֤i Ans֙ Al-ibst֔a D֚i Ml֣t Mlc֔a Ioc֖l Lhhoi֑h Cl-kb֗l D֚i Cl-m֙lc֙ R֣b and Sl֔it Ml֤h Cdnh֙ L֣a Sa֔l Lcl-hrt֖m and As֥f and Csdֽi:
11: 2 And the word of the Lord shall come to me, and I will bring it to you, and I will give it to you, and it shall come to me, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
12: 2 All the children of the tribe of Dan, the angel of the king, were born in the land of Israel, and the land of Israel was destroyed, and the land of Israel was destroyed.
13: 2 And your religion is a great thing, and it is a wise thing, and it is not a great thing, but a great thing, a great thing, and a great thing;
14: 2 In the judgment of my children, I ask thee, Thou shalt not give unto me, that thou shalt not give up thy sight: for thy greatness is great, and my goodness is not, nor is it, that is, my God, I am the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds.
15: 2 And the people of Israel, and the Amorites, are to be brought to the land of Israel, and they are not to be found in the land of the LORD, nor are they the children of the people of the land, but the people of the land of the land of Israel.
16: 2 And I will bring you to the land of Israel, and I will bring you forth from the land of the land, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
17: 2 Adonai, the son of David, who is the son of the son of the king, is the father of the children of Israel, the son of Israel, and of the tribe of Judah.
18: 2 And Rahmahin was not afraid of the people of the tribe of Kedem, but God, the Lord of the heavens, was a witness to the land of Arazah, the son of Dan, the son of David, the son of Judah, the son of David, the son of Judah, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David and the son of David.
19: 2 Adonai is the son of Dan, who is in the midst of the land of Israel; he is the son of Israel, the son of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Galilee, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel.
20: 2 And the people of Israel are desolate, and the people of Israel are not worthy of God, but they are the people of God, for God is the Lord, the Lord of the world, the Creator of the earth, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, and the Son of God.
Num 21: 2 And the people of the Mishnah came to Eden, and Zamanai came from Meaadah, and from there they came from Malakin, and from Makkah, from Malakin, from Yokneam, from Hachkamta, to Hachikim, from there, and from Mende'a, to Yeda, from Beniֽa.
22: 2 The people of Gilead, the nation of Amaikatha, and of Masathiratha, of Yeda, of Judah, of Judah, of Nahshara, of Nahshara, of Nahorah, of Amorah, of Sheretha.
23: 2 L֣c | Al֣h Abht֗i Mhod֤a and Msbh֙ An֔h D֧i Hcmt֛a and Gbort֖a Ih֣bt L֑i and Ca֤n Hֽodat֙ni֙ Dֽi-ba֣ina Mn֔c Dֽi-ml֥t Mlc֖a Hodatֽna:
24: 2 Cl-kb֣l Dn֗h Dֽnial֙ A֣l Al-ari֔oc D֚i Mn֣i Mlc֔a Lhobd֖h Lhcim֣i Bb֑l Az֣l | and C֣n Amr-l֗h Lhcim֤i Bbl֙ Al-thob֔d Ha֙lni֙ Kd֣m Mlc֔a and Fsr֖a Lmlc֥a Ahoֽa: S.
25: 2 Ad֤in Arioc֙ Bhtbhl֔h Hna֥l Ldni֖al Kd֣m Mlc֑a and C֣n Amr-l֗h Dֽi-hsc֤ht Gbr֙ Mn-bn֤i Gֽlota֙ D֣i Ih֔od D֥i Fsr֖a Lmlc֥a Ihodֽa:
26: 2 So the angel of Malchka came to him, and he returned to my son, and he turned to him, saying, "I will not be able to return to you." "I am with you." He said, "I am with you."
27: 2 I will give you my tongue, and I will bring it to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
28: 2 Br֡m Ait֞i Al֤h Bsmia֙ Gl֣a Rz֔in and Hod֗a Lmlca֙ Nbֽocdntz֔r M֛h D֥i Lho֖a Bahr֣it Iomi֑a Hlm֨c and Hzo֥i Ras֛c Aֽl-mscb֖c Dn֥h Hֽoa: P.
29: 2 א֣נ֣נְּת [ה [n] [q] מללככּ֗נא רעעיויוננךך֙ עלל-מְשככבב֣֣ך ס ס֔לּ֔שּכבב֣הְל֥ל֔ל֔ה מו֛ה דהְל֥ה לל֔הוו֖ה אחח֣ר֣י ד ד֑נ֑ה ו וגג֧ל֧א ר רזז֛י֛ה הֹדעע֖הְה מָהד֥י לה לֱהוֽֽאא:
30: 2 and An֗h L֤a Bhcmh֙ Dֽi-ait֥i Bi֙ Mn-cl-hii֔a Rz֥a Dn֖h Gl֣i L֑i Lh֗n Al-dbrt֙ D֤i Fsra֙ Lmlc֣a Ihoda֔on and Raion֥i Lbb֖c Tndֽa:
31: 2 א֣נ֣נְּת [ה [n] [q] מללככּ֗א חזז֤֤ה הוו֙יְת֙ה וֲא֨ל֨ו֙ותת֙ל֥ל֥ם ח ח֙דַׂ֥֙֙ ח ח ח֙דַַ֙֨֨֨ ד דִּּכְּמ֨א דִּּכּ֥ן֥ן ר֛ב וב וזּ֥הּה יתת֖י֖ר קאא֣םם לקקְב֑ל֑ך ו ורר֖ו֖ה ד דְּּחּֽל:ל::
32: 2 The Lord is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord.
33: 2 A man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, and a man.
34: 2 Behold, behold, I am the father of the children of the children of the tribe of Abraham, and of the land of Israel, and of the land of Israel, and of the land of Israel, and of the land of Israel.
35: 2 Bad֣in D֣ko Chd֡h Frzla֩ Hsf֨a Nhs֜a Csf֣a and Dhb֗a and Hoo֙ Ca֣or Mn-adri-k֔it and Ns֤a Hmon֙ Roh֔a and Cl-at֖r La-hstc֣h Lh֑on and Abn֣a | Dֽi-mh֣t Ltzlm֗a Ho֛t Lt֥or R֖b and Ml֥t Cl-araֽa:
36: 2 And he said unto her, Behold, thou shalt not be satisfied, and thou shalt be faithful: for it is a vineyard.
37: 2 א֣נ֣נְּת [ה [n] [q] מללככּ֔א מללככְ מַ מ֖ל֖לךך מַ מללככ֑י֑יא דּ֚ד֚י אל֣הּּ שׁממייּ֔יא מללכוכו֥ת֥א חססננ֛֛א ותתקקּ֥פ֥א ו וֽֽיקרר֖֖א יההב-לֽֽך::
38: 2 And all the children of the people of the land of Israel were alive, and the people of Israel were born, and there was no name for them, but they were in your hand, and the law was in your hands, because they were not with you, but they were not with you.
39: 2 And in thy name is Thatch, and there is no god but Malch, but there is another day, and there is a time for the people of Israel. [1] The people of the world are yours, and they are the ones who are in the midst of them.
40: 2 and Mlco֙ * quartet ** Rb֣iaa֔h Tho֥a Tkif֖h Cfrzl֑a Cl-kb֗l D֤i Frzla֙ Mhd֤k and Hsl֙ C֔la and ֽcfrzl֛a Dֽi-mra֥a Cl-al֖in Td֥k and Trֽa:
41: 2 and Dֽi-hz֜ith Rgli֣a and Atzbat֗a * nod ** Mnh֞n [k] Hs֤f Dֽi-fhr֙ * and ** nod and Mnh֣in Frz֔l Mlc֤o Fligh֙ Tho֔h and Mn-ntzbt֥a D֥i Frzl֖a Lֽhoa-b֑h Cl-kbl֙ D֣i Hz֔ith F֨rzl֔a Mar֖b Bhs֥f Tinֽa:
42: 2 And the people of the tribe of Regalai, the sons of Manon, of the tribe of Man, and of the sons of Israel, and of the tribe of Mizan, of the tribe of Malchut, of the kingdom of Thy, behold, Thou shalt give them protection, and give them bread, and give them bread;
43: 2 * Di ** and D֣i Hz֗it Frzla֙ Marb֙ Bhs֣f Tin֔a Mtarb֤in Lhoֺn֙ Bzr֣a Ans֔a and Lֽa-lhoֺ֥n Dbk֖in Dn֣h Am-dn֑h Hֽa-cd֣i Frzl֔a L֥a Mtar֖b Am-hsfֽa:
44: 2 and ֽbiomih֞on D֧i Mlci֣a An֗on Ikim֩ Al֨h Smi֤a Mlco֙ D֤i Lalmin֙ L֣a Tthb֔l and M֨lcot֔h La֥m Ahr֖n L֣a Tstb֑k Td֤k and Tsif֙ Cl-al֣in Mlcot֔a and H֖ia Tk֥om Lalmiֽa:
45: 2 Cl-kb֣l Dֽi-hz֡it D֣i Mtora֩ Atgz֨rt A֜bn Di-l֣a Bid֗in and ֠hdkt Frzl֨a Nhs֤a Hsfa֙ Csf֣a and Dhb֔a Al֥h Rb֙ Hod֣a Lmlc֔a M֛h D֥i Lho֖a Ahr֣i Dn֑h and Itz֥ib Hlm֖a and Mhim֥n Fsrֽh: P.
46: 2 Behold, the Lord, the angel of Malchut, the son of Nebuchadnezzar, the son of Naphtal, on the Anapheite, and the son of Dan, he turned to Sgt. And Shemanah, and the son of Jehoah, the son of Amor,
47: 2 I will give thee the angel of the Lord, and I will return to the Lord, and I will be with you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
48: 2 Adonai, the angel of Malchka, came to my son, and asked him for a great multitude, and he gave them to him, and he gave them up to him: for he was proud of them, and he loved him, and he gave him control over all the children of Midian, and in the midst of them, and in the multitude of them were all the children of the wise men,
49: 2 And Daniel was born in the midst of the kingdom of Malakah, and from Manasseh, to Abel, to Abidatha, from Dodi, from Midyan, from Bashan, to Bashadah, from Meishah, to you, to Abad, to Nagu, and to Danai, to Betarah, to Malakah,
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (33 verses)‬
1: 3 Nebuchadnezzar, the king of the kings of Israel, the servant of the people of Tzahal, the nation of Israel, the nation of Israel, the nation of Israel, the nation of Israel, the nation of Israel, the nation of Israel, the nation of Israel, the nation of Israel, the nation of Israel, the nation of Israel, the nation of Israel.
2: 3 and Nbocdntz֣r Mlc֡a Sl֡h Lmcn֣s | Lֽahsdrfni֡a Sgni֣a and ֽfhot֡a Adrgzria֩ Gd֨bri֤a Dtbria֙ Tfti֔a and C֖l Sltn֣i Mdֽint֑a Lmta֙ Lhnc֣t Tzlm֔a D֥i Hk֖im Nbocdntz֥r Mlcֽa:
3: 3 Bad֡in Mֽtcns֡in Ahsdrfni֡a Sgni֣a and ֽfhot֡a Adrgzri֣a Gdbria֩ Dt֨bri֜a Tfti֗a and Cl֙ Sltn֣i Mdֽint֔a Lhnc֣t Tzlm֔a D֥i Hk֖im Nbocdntz֣r Mlc֑a * and Kamin ** and Kֽimin֙ Lkb֣l Tzlm֔a D֥i Hk֖im Nbocdntzֽr:
4: 3 And Koruzah came to Korah, but he went to the house of the Ammonites, saying, "I am a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, and a nation."
5: 3 Badn֡a Dֽi-tsma֡on K֣l Krn֣a M֠srokita * Kitros ** Ktr֨os Sbc֤a Fsntrin֙ Somf֣ni֔h and C֖l Zn֣i Zmr֑a Tfl֤on and Tsgdon֙ Ltz֣lm Dhb֔a D֥i Hk֖im Nbocdntz֥r Mlcֽa:
6: 3 And he said to him, "Behold, I will not turn away from you, nor will you be ashamed of this hour, but I will not lift up my anger."
7: 3 Cl-kb֣l Dn֡h Bh-zmn֡a Cd֣i Sֽma֣in Cֽl-ammi֡a K֣l Krna֩ Msr֨okit֜a * Kitrs ** Ktr֤os Sbca֙ Fsntr֔in and C֖l Zn֣i Zmr֑a Nֽfl֨in Cֽl-aֽmmi֜a Ami֣a and Lsni֗a Sֽgdin֙ Ltz֣lm Dhb֔a D֥i Hk֖im Nbocdntz֥r Mlcֽa:
8: 3 All the children of the tribe of Israel were in the house of Zephaniah, and the inhabitants of Gibeah were not there; they were not like the land of Israel, and they did not eat them.
9: 3 They answered, And they said: They are not blessed, but they are not blessed; they are angels; they are angels; they are not gods; they are not alive.
10: 3 * Anta ** A֣nt Mlca֮ S֣mt Tam֒ D֣i Cl-an֡s Dֽi-ism֡a K֣l Krn֣a M֠srkita * Kitrs ** Ktr֨os Sbc֤a Fsntrin֙ * and ** Gladiolus and Sof֣ni֔h and C֖l Zn֣i Zmr֑a If֥l and Isg֖d Ltz֥lm Dhbֽa:
11: 3 And he said to him, "Behold, I will be exalted, and I will be exalted, I will be exalted, and I will be glorified."
12: 3 Ait֞i Gbr֣in Ihodai֗n Dֽi-mn֤it Ithon֙ Al-abidt֙ Mdin֣t Bb֔l Sdr֥c Mis֖c and Ab֣d Ng֑o Gbri֣a Al֗c La-s֨mֽo * You must Al֤c Mlca֙ Ta֔m ** * ** Lֽalhc֙ L֣a thy Flh֔in and Ltz֧lm Dhb֛a D֥i Hk֖imt L֥a Sgdֽin: S.
13: 3 Behold, the son of Nebuchadnezzar is in the midst of the mountain. And I will be glad to say to you, I will give you a gift for your saints, because you will not be ashamed of your servants.
14: 3 An֤h Nbֽcdntzr֙ and Am֣r Lh֔on Htzd֕a Sdr֥c Mis֖c and Ab֣d Ng֑o Lֽalh֗i L֤a Aֽiticon֙ Fֽlh֔in and Ltz֧lm Dhb֛a D֥i Hk֖imt L֥a Sֽgdֽin:
15: 3 Ca֞n H֧n Aֽitic֣on Atid֗in D֣i Badn֡a Dֽi-tsma֡on K֣l Krn֣a Msrokit֣a * Kitrs ** Ktr֣os [y] Sbc֡a Fsntrin֩ and Somf֨ni֜h and C֣l | Zn֣i Zmr֗a Tfl֣on and Tsgdon֮ Ltzlm֣a Dֽi-abdt֒ and Hn֙ L֣a Tsgd֔on Bh-sat֣h Ttrm֔on Lgֽoa-at֥on Nor֖a Ikֽdt֑a and Mn- The Lord is the God of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe.
16: 3 And the people of Adon, the servants of you, have turned away from you, and they have turned away from you, and they have said to you, We have no knowledge of the king, nor of the children of Israel, nor of the children of Israel, nor of the children of Israel, nor of the children of Israel.
17: 3 Behold, thou hast been with me, O God, that is, I am not the LORD, but the Lord, the Son of the Son, the Son of the Son, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, and the Son of God.
18: 3 And there is no god but God, that is, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, and the Father.
19: 3 Bad֨in Nbocdntz֜r Html֣i Hm֗a and Tzl֤m Anf֙ohi֙ *'ll change ** Astn֔i Al-sdr֥c Mis֖c and Ab֣d Ng֑o An֤h and Amr֙ Lmz֣a Laton֔a H֨d-sba֔h A֛l D֥i Hz֖h Lmziֽh:
20: 3 And Glorified is the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the merciful.
21: 3 Beethoven, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, and the mighty.
22: 3 Cl-kb֣l Dn֗h Mn-d֞i Ml֤t Mlca֙ Mhtzf֔h and Aton֖a Az֣h It֑ira Gbri֣a Al֗c D֤i Hs֙ko֙ Lsdr֤c Misc֙ and Ab֣d Ng֔o Kt֣l Hm֔on Sbib֖a D֥i Norֽa:
23: 3 And I will bring you forth, O God, to thee, Thou shalt bring forth thy wickedness, and he that is thy servant, and his servants, and his servants, and his servants, and his servants;
24: 3 Ad֙in֙ Nbocdntz֣r Mlc֔a To֖h and K֣m Bhtbhl֑h An֨h and Am֜r Lhdֽbr֗ohi Hla֩ Gbr֨in Tlt֜a Rm֤ina Lgoa-nora֙ Mcft֔in An֤in and Amrin֙ Lmlc֔a Itzib֖a Mlcֽa:
25: 3 An֣h and Am֗r Hֽa-an֨h Hz֜h Gbr֣in Arba֗h Sr֙in֙ Mhlc֣in Bgֽoa-nor֔a and Hb֖l La-ait֣i Bh֑on and Roh֙ D֣i * Rbiaia ** Rֽbiaa֔h Dm֖h Lbr-alhֽin: S.
26: 3 Bad֜in Kr֣b Nbocdntz֗r Ltra֮ At֣on Nor֣a Ikֽdta֒ An֣h and Am֗r Sdr֨c Mis֧c and Abd-ng֛o Abd֛ohi Dֽi-alh֥a * Alia ** Ala֖h F֣ko and At֑o Bad֣in Nֽfk֗in Sdr֥c Mis֛c and Ab֥d Ng֖o Mn-g֥oa Norֽa:
27: 3 and ֠mֽtcnsin Ahsdrfni֞a Sgni֣a and Fhota֮ and Hdbr֣i Mlca֒ Hz֣in Lgbri֣a Al֡c Di֩ Lֽa-sl֨t Nor֜a Bgsmh֗on and Sa֤r Rֽashon֙ L֣a Hthr֔c and Srblih֖on L֣a Sn֑o and R֣ih N֔or L֥a Ad֖t Bhֽon:
28: 3 An֨h Nbֽocdntz֜r and Am֗r Br֤ic Alhhon֙ Dֽi-sdr֤c Misc֙ and Ab֣d Ng֔o Dֽi-sl֤h Mlach֙ and Siz֣b Labd֔ohi D֥i Htrh֖tzo Al֑ohi and Ml֤t Mlca֙ Sn֔io and Ih֣bo * Gsmihon ** Gsmh֗on [y] D֠i Lֽa-iflh֤on and Lֽa-isgdon֙ Lcl-al֔h Lh֖n Lalֽhhֽon:
29: 3 and Mni֮ S֣im Tam֒ Di֩ Cl-a֨m Am֜h and its Ls֗n Dֽi-iam֤r * ** Slo֙ A֣l Alhh֗on Dֽi-sdr֤c Misc֙ and Ab֣d Ng֔oa Hdm֣in Itab֔d and Bit֖h Nol֣i Isto֑h Cl-kb֗l D֣i L֤a Aiti֙ Al֣h Ahr֔n Dֽi-ic֥l Lhtzl֖h Cdnֽh:
30: 3 B֣֣֣֣֣ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ֗ הַ הַ הַ֛֛֛ לְ לְ לְ֥֥֥֥֥ מ מְ֛֛֥֥֥֥ מְ֛֛֛֛֥֥֥֥֥ נ נ נ ב ב ב ב ב ב נ נ נ נ ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥
31: 3 Nebuchadnezzar the king of the kings of Israel, the king of Israel, the nation of Israel, and of the Levites, of the people of the land of Israel, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds.
32: 3 Have you ever come to the house of the LORD, and have given it to you, yet I have not been with you yet? God is the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds.
33: 3 You have given me the word of the Lord, and I have not been blessed, nor have you ever been in a state of trouble, nor have I been blessed, nor have I been blessed, nor have I been blessed, nor have I ever been with them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (34 verses)‬
1: 4 I am the son of Nebuchadnezzar, who is the ruler of the tribe of Israel, who is in the house of the LORD, and he is in the midst of the world.
2: 4 ח֥לםלםם חזז֖י וי ות וֽיֽדחחִל֑נ֑נִיי וַרֹרִּר֙ין עֽלֽל-ששככְּּב֔ב֔י וחחזז֥י֥י רא֖֖֖י יְבֲהֻלננֽנִינ:י.
3: 4 And when the people of the land went astray, they turned away from them, saying, "Behold, I am a wise man." He said to him, "Behold, the wise, the wise, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the merciful, the merciful, the merciful, the merciful, the merciful."
4: 4 באדד֣֣יןן * עלין ** עלל֗י חן חררטטממיא֙א֙אֽשׁשַפּ֔יא֔א * כשדיא ** ** כששְדדָּּא֖֖י וגגְזַר֑י֑א והללממ֗א אממ֤ר֤א֙הלהממ֗א֗ה אממ֤ר֤ה אננ֙ה֙ה֔ה֔מהווׁן֖הּה לאא-הדדעע֥ין לֽיֽי::
5: 4 And after that, the people of the land were no more than the children of the tribe of Dan. And the children of the tribe of Beshtash, which was called the tribe of Baltash, called them, as they were married to them. God, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
6: 4 Bltsatzr֮ R֣b Hrtmia֒ D֣i | An֣h Ida֗t D֠i R֣oh Alh֤in Kdisin֙ B֔c and Cl-r֖z La-an֣s L֑c Hzo֨i Hlm֧i Dֽi-hz֛it and Fsr֖h Amֽr:
7: 4 And behold, the chief of the people, is not the king of the land of the house of the house of the LORD, and of the land of the land, and of the land of the land, and of the land of the land.
8: 4 Behold, thou hast taken it up, and it hath been lifted up, and lifted it up, and lifted it up, and brought it down to heaven, and saw it, and put it aside for all time.
9: 4 Afi֤h Sfir֙ and Anb֣h Sg֔ia and Mz֨on Lc֖la-b֑h Tht֜ohi Ttl֣l | Hio֣t Br֗a and Banf֙ohi֙ * ** Hydronic Idorn֙ Tzfr֣i Smi֔a and Mn֖h Itz֥in Cl-bsrֽa:
10: 4 Behold, the LORD is the one in the midst of the earth, the first of them, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
11: 4 Kr֨a Bh֜il and C֣n Am֗r G֤do Aֽilna֙ and Ktz֣tzo Anf֔ohi At֥ro Afi֖h and Bd֣ro Anb֑h Tn֤d Hֽiota֙ Mn-tht֔ohi and Tzfri֖a Mn-anfֽohi:
12: 4 Br֨m Ak֤r Srs֙ohi֙ Bara֣a Sb֔ko and Bֽasor֙ Dֽi-frz֣l and Nh֔s Bdta֖a D֣i Br֑a and Bt֤l Smia֙ Itztb֔a and Am-hiot֥a Hlk֖h Bas֥b Araֽa:
13: 4 You shall not be ashamed of me, but I will bear witness to you, and I will give you life, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
14: 4 Bgzr֤t Airin֙ Ftgm֔a and Mam֥r Kdis֖in Saֽlt֑a Ad-dbr֡t D֣i Inda֣on H֠iia Dֽi-sl֨it * Alia ** Ala֜h Bmlc֣ot * Anosa ** Ans֗a [y] and Lmn-d֤i Itzba֙ Itnn֔h and Sf֥l Ans֖im Ik֥im * it ** Alֽh:
15: 4 Dnh֙ Hlm֣a Hz֔it An֖h Mlc֣a Nbocdntz֑r * and Anta ** and A֨nt Bltsatz֜r Fsr֣a | Am֗r Cl-kbl֙ D֣i | Cl-hcim֣i Mlcot֗i Lֽa-icl֤in Fsra֙ Lhod֣at֔ni * and Anta ** and A֣nt Ch֔l D֛i Rֽoh-alh֥in Kdis֖in Bֽc:
16: 4 Ad֨in Dֽni֜al Dֽi-sm֣h Bltsatz֗r Astomm֙ Csa֣h Hd֔h and Rain֖hi Ibhln֑h An֨h Mlc֜a and Am֗r Bltsatzr֙ Hlm֤a and Fsra֙ Aֽl-ibhl֔c An֤h Bltsatzr֙ and Am֔r * References * ** Mr֕i Hlm֥a Lsnaic ** Lsֽna֖c and Fsr֥h * Edit ** Larֽc:
17: 4 And the Lord, the Lord, is the Lord of the Universe, and he is the witness of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Lord.
18: 4 And when she was with her, Shapir went on, and she brought her up, and she took up her clothes, and went to the house of the king, saying, Behold, thou shalt live, thou shalt live, and live, and be fruitful, and I will go up to them: and I will be able to lift them up.
19: 4 * Anta- ** You are not a god, but a king, and you have been blessed, and you have been blessed, and you have multiplied, and you have multiplied, and you have fallen into captivity, and your rulers have turned away from you.
20: 4 and D֣i Hz֣h Mlc֡a A֣ir and Kd֣is Nh֣t | Mn-smi֡a and Amr֩ G֨do Aֽiln֜a and Hbl֗ohi Br֨m Ak֤r Srs֙ohi֙ Bara֣a Sb֔ko and Basor֙ Dֽi-frz֣l and Nh֔s Bdta֖a D֣i Br֑a and Bt֧l Smi֣a Itztb֗a and Am-hio֤t Bra֙ Hlk֔h A֛d Dֽi-sba֥h Adn֖in Ihlf֥on Alֽohi:
21: 4 Dan is the son of Phasarah, the mother of Malakah, and of Gazar, the father of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds.
22: 4 and L֣c Tֽrd֣in Mn-ans֡a and Am-hio֣t Bra֩ Lho֨h Mdr֜c and Asb֥a Ctor֣in | L֣c Itֽam֗on and Mt֤l Smia֙ L֣c Mtzba֔in and Sba֥h Adn֖in Ihlf֣on Al֑ic [n] [q] A֣d Dֽi-tnd֗a Dֽi-sl֤it Alia֙ [n] [q] Bmlc֣ot Ans֔a and Lmn And he said to him, Yezibah, thou shalt not give up.
23: 4 And I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
24: 4 Lo, the Lord is the angel of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, and of the Lord,
25: 4 As for the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the Universe.
26: 4 And thou shalt bring forth the wind, and thou shalt not rejoice: for I do not make thee king;
27: 4 For thou shalt give up the land of the LORD, and it is the land of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD.
28: 4 The people of Maltah are in the midst of them, the angels of the Lord, the Lord of the Heavenly, the Merciful, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful.
29: 4 and Mn-ansa֩ L֨c Tֽrd֜in and ֽam-hio֧t Br֣a Mdr֗c Asb֤a Ctorin֙ L֣c Itam֔on and Sba֥h Adn֖in Ihlf֣on * You must ** Al֑c A֣d Dֽi-tnd֗a Dֽi-sl֤it Alia֙ [n] [q] Bmlc֣ot Ans֔a and Lmn-d֥i Itzb֖a Itnnֽh:
30: 4 Bh-sat֗a Mlta֮ S֣ft Al-nbocdntzr֒ and Mn-ans֣a Tr֔id and Asb֤a Ctorin֙ Iac֔l and Mt֥l Smi֖a Gsm֣h Itztb֑a A֣d D֥i Sar֛h Cnsr֥in Rb֖h and Tfr֥ohi Ctzfrֽin:
31: 4 and Lktz֣t Iֽomih֩ An֨h Nbocdntz֜r Ain֣i | Lsmi֣a Ntl֗t and Mndai֙ Al֣i It֔ob ** * the three of us and Lalah֙ Brc֔t and Lh֥i Alm֖a Sbh֣t and Hdr֑t D֤i Sltnh֙ Slt֣n Al֔m and Mlcot֖h Am-d֥r and Dֽr:
32: 4 and Cl- * Dairy ** Dir֤i Araa֙ Cl֣h Hsib֔in and ֽcmtzbi֗h Abd֙ Bh֣il Smi֔a * and ** Dairy and Dir֖i Ara֑a and L֤a Aiti֙ Dֽi-imh֣a Bid֔h and I֥amr L֖h M֥h Abֽdt:
33: 4 Bh-zmn֞a Mnda֣i | It֣ob Al֗i and Lik֨r Mlcot֜i Hdr֤i and Zoi֙ It֣ob Al֔i and L֕i Hdֽbr֥i and Rbrbn֖i Iba֑on and Al-mlcot֣i Htkn֔t and Rb֥o Itir֖h H֥osft Lֽi:
34: 4 Ca֞n An֣h Nbocdntz֗r Msb֨h and Mrom֤m and Mhdr֙ Lm֣lc Smi֔a D֤i Cl-mabd֙ohi֙ Ks֔t and Arht֖h D֑in and Di֙ Mhlc֣in Bgo֔h Ic֖l Lhsflֽh: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 5   (30 verses)‬
1: 5 בלשאאצצ֣ר מללככ֗א֗א עַב֙ד֙֙ לחח֣ר֣ם ר֔ב לְבררררבב֖נ֖הוִיה אלל֑ו וף וָלקק֥ב֥ל אל אללפפּ֖א חהממרר֥א שה שתתֽהֽה:
2: 5 Blsatz֞r Am֣r | Bta֣m Hmr֗a Lhitih֙ Lmani֙ Dhb֣a and Csf֔a D֤i Hnfk֙ Nbocdntz֣r Ab֔ohi Mn-hicl֖a D֣i Birosl֑m and Ist֣on Bh֗on Mlca֙ and Rbrbn֔ohi Sglt֖h and Lhntֽh:
3: 5 Bad֗in Hitio֙ Man֣i Dhb֔a D֣i Hnf֗ko Mn-hֽicl֛a Dֽi-b֥it Alh֖a D֣i Birֽosl֑m and Ast֣io Bh֗on Mlca֙ and Rbrbn֔ohi Sglt֖h and Lhntֽh:
4: 5 His wife, his wife was Hammer, and they praised him, so that she could not come to him, because she was not afraid, and she was not afraid; she was not afraid, but she was not a man, nor a son, nor a son.
5: 5 Bh-sat֗h * ** Nf֙kh֙ Atzban֙ issued D֣i Id-an֔s and Cֽtbn֙ Lkb֣l Nbrst֔a Al-gir֕a Dֽi-ct֥l Hicl֖a D֣i Mlc֑a and Mlc֣a Hz֔h F֥s Id֖h D֥i Ctbֽh:
6: 5 God is the Lord of the kingdom, the Creator of Zion, the Son of God, the Son of the Son, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of the Lord, the Creator of the Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the World.
7: 5 Kr֤a Mlca֙ Bh֔il Lhֽalh֙ La֣sfi֔a * When Dia ** Csda֖i and Gzri֑a An֨h Mlc֜a and Am֣r | Lhcim֣i Bb֗l D֣i Cl-a֠ns Dֽi-ikr֞h Ctb֣h Dn֗h and Fsrh֙ Ihon֔ni Argon֣a Ilb֗s * and Hmonca ** and Hֽmnic֤a [k] Dֽi-dhba֙ Aֽl-tzoar֔h and Tlt֥i Bmlcot֖a Islֽt : S.
8: 5 The Lord is the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, and the Lord of the worlds, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, and the Most High.
9: 5 The Lord, the Lord, is the angel of the land of Israel, the land of the people of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, and the land of Israel.
10: 5 Mlct֕a Lkb֨l Ml֤i Mlca֙ and Rbrbn֔ohi Lb֥it Msti֖a * Allt ** Al֑t An֨t Mlct֜a and Am֗rt Mlca֙ Lalm֣in Hi֔i Aֽl-ibhloc֙ Raion֔c and Zio֖ic Al-istnֽo:
11: 5 Ait֨i Gb֜r Bmlcot֗c D֠i R֣oh Alh֣in Kdisin֮ Bh֒ and Biom֣i Ab֗oc Nhir֧o and Scltn֛o and Hcm֥h Chcmt-alh֖in Hstc֣ht B֑h and Mlc֤a Nbֽcdntzr֙ Ab֔oc R֧b Hrtm֣in Aֽsf֗in Csdain֙ Gzr֔in Hkim֖h Ab֥oc Mlcֽa:
12: 5 Cl-kb֡l D֣i R֣oh | Itir֡h and Mnd֡a and Scltn֡o Mfs֣r Hlmin֩ and ֽaֽhoi֨t Ahid֜n and Msr֣a Ktr֗in Hstc֤ht Bh֙ Bd֣ni֔al Dֽi-mlc֥a Sm-sm֖h Bltsatz֑r Ca֛n Dni֥al Itkr֖i and Fsr֥h Ihֽhoֽh: P.
13: 5 Bad֙in֙ Dֽni֔al Ha֖l Kd֣m Mlc֑a An֨h Mlc֜a and Am֣r Ldni֗al * Anth- ** Ant-h֤oa Dnial֙ Dֽi-mn-bn֤i Glota֙ D֣i Ih֔od D֥i Hit֛i Mlc֥a A֖bi Mn-ihֽod:
14: 5 And he heard the voice of you: "Do not judge me, O God, be with you, and you shall not be ashamed;
15: 5 And when the people of Israel went down, they came to them, and they returned to the land, and they returned to the land of Israel, and the people of the land, the inhabitants of the land, came to the land of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land, and the land of Judah.
16: 5 and Anh֙ Sma֣t * You must Al֔c Dֽi- * ** can ** Tic֥ol [k] Fsr֛in Lmfs֖r and Ktr֣in Lmsr֑a Ca֡n Hn֩ * You ** Tc֨ol Ctb֜a Lmkr֗a and Fsrh֙ Lhod֣at֔ni Argon֣a Tlb֗s * and Hmonca ** and Hֽmnic֤a [k] Dֽi-dhba֙ Aֽl- And you shall return to the kingdom of Malchut;
17: 5 Bad֜in An֣h Dni֗al and Amr֙ Kd֣m Mlc֔a Mtntc֙ L֣c Lֽhoi֔n and Nb֥zbit֖c Lahr֣n H֑b Br֗m Ctba֙ Akr֣a Lmlc֔a and Fsr֖a Ahodanֽh:
18: 5 * Anta ** The goddess of the angels is the god of God * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * יא מַ֤֔֔ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ֙֙ ו ו וְְ֙֙֙֙֙֙֙ י ו והַד֔֔ י י י֖ לִ לִ לִ לִ לְִַַַ֥֥֥ א א א א א אֽך֥֥֥ א.
19: 5 and Mn-rbota֙ D֣i Ihb-l֔h C֣l Aֽmmi֗a Amia֙ and Ls֣ni֔a Ho֛o * Zaain ** Zia֥in and Dhl֖in Mn-kdm֑ohi Dֽi-ho֨h Tzb֜a Ho֣a Kt֗l and Dֽi-ho֤h Tzba֙ Ho֣h Mh֔a and Dֽi-ho֤h Tzba֙ Ho֣h Mr֔im and Dֽi-ho֥h Tzb֖a Ho֥h Msfֽil:
20: 5 And I have mercy on them, and they shall not be afraid, nor shall I rest in peace;
21: 5 and Mn-bni֩ Ans֨a Tr֜id and Lbb֣h | Am-hiot֣a * Shui ** So֗io [1] and Am-arֽdia֙ Mdor֔h Asb֤a Ctorin֙ It֣amon֔h and Mt֥l Smi֖a Gsm֣h Itztb֑a A֣d Dֽi-id֗a Dֽi-sl֞it Alh֤a * Alia ** Alah֙ Bmlc֣ot Ans֔a and Lmn-d֥i I will bring it to you.
22: 5 And Anatha: and thou shalt not see in the land of Bashan, nor the scepter, nor the heart, nor all the children, but all the children of Israel;
23: 5 and A֣l Mrֽa-smi֣a | Htrom֡mt and Lmֽani֨a Dֽi-bit֜h Hit֣io * Kdmic ** Kֽdm֗c * and Anta and A֨nt * ** and ** Rbrbnic and Rbrbn֜c [y] Sֽglt֣c and Lhntc֮ Hmra֮ St֣in Bhon֒ and Lֽalh֣i Csfֽa-o֠dhba Nhs֨a Frzl֜a Aa֣a and Abn֗a D֠i Lֽa-hz֧in and La -And I heard it, and there was no knowledge, but it was not, and it was not, but it was not, and it was not, nor was it, but it was in the hand of it, and all the spirit of it came to you, and it came to the Lord.
24: 5 In the name of the Lord, the Lord is the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds.
25: 5 And Dan said, As a writer, behold, there is no evil; but there is no root; they are no more than men, and they are not full, nor are they far-fetched.
26: 5 And he said, "This is what is called, the word of the word of the Lord, is it not of the people, but of God, the God of God, the Lord of the kingdom, and of you, the one who has received it."
27: 5 Thou shalt not lift up thy womb in the midst of the laziness, and thou shalt not be ashamed;
28: 5 He hath broken down the fruit of the kingdom, and he hath given it to thee, and he hath given it unto the earth, and he hath broken it.
29: 5 Bad֣in | Am֣r Blsatz֗r and Hlb֤iso Ldֽnial֙ Argon֔a * and Hmonca ** and Hֽmnic֥a Dֽi-dhb֖a Aֽl-tzoar֑h and Hcr֣zֽo Al֔ohi Dֽi-lho֥a Sl֛it Tlt֖a Bmlcotֽa:
30: 5 בּ֚הּ֚ה בלּל֣י֣ליי֔א קא ק֕ט֕יל בל באשלאשאַאצצ֖צ֖ר מללככּ֥א֥א * כשדיאא ** כששׂדָּּאֽֽה: פ
‪xxxx  Chapter 6   (29 verses)‬
1: 6 And I saw the name of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the World, and the Lord of the World.
2: 6 And the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, is the Lord of the kingdom of the LORD, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the kingdoms of the LORD.
3: 6 And the Lord came from Manunah, and he was not so far, but he was not in charge, but he was not a man, nor a man, nor a man, nor a son, nor a son, nor a son, nor a son, nor a son, nor a son, nor a son, nor a son, nor a son, nor a son.
4: 6 Ad֙in֙ Dni֣al Dn֔h Ho֣a Mtntz֔h Al-srci֖a and Ahsdrfni֑a Cl-kb֗l D֣i R֤oh Itira֙ B֔h and Mlc֣a As֔it Lhkmot֖h Al-cl-mlcotֽa:
5: 6 Ad֨in Sֽrci֜a and Ahsdrfni֗a Ho֨o Ba֧in Al֛h Lhsch֥h Ldni֖al Mtz֣d Mlcot֑a and Cl-al֨h and Shit֜h La-icl֣in Lhsch֗h Cl-kbl֙ Dֽi-mhim֣n H֔oa and Cl-slo֙ and Shit֔h L֥a Hstc֖ht Alֽohi:
6: 6 The LORD is a mighty man; he is not a man; he is a mighty man; he is a great man; he is a great man; he is a great man; he is a great servant; he is a great man;
7: 6 The LORD, the captain of Saracai, the king of Israel, and the captain of the tribe of Asad, were the ones who were angry with him over the king, and therefore they said, "I will not give it to you, but I will not give it to the people of Israel."
8: 6 Atia֜to C֣l | Src֣i Mlcot֗a Sgni֤a and ֽahsdrfnia֙ Hdֽbri֣a and Fhot֔a Lkim֤h Kim֙ Mlc֔a and Ltkf֖h As֑r D֣i Cl-dֽi-iba֣h B֠ao Mn-cl-al֨h and ֽan֜s Ad-iom֣in Tlt֗in Lhn֙ Mn֣c Mlc֔a Itrm֕a Lg֖b Ariotֽa:
9: 6 כעע֣֣֣ן מללככּ֔א ת תקּק֥ם אססרר֖֖אְתִּרשש֣֣֣֣ כ כּתּת֑֑֑ ד דּ֣֣֣ ל ל֧֧א לְההששׁנניי֛֛ה כְּּדתת-מ֥ד֥יּּפרר֖֖ס דִּּי-ל֥֥א תעעדדּֽֽא:
10: 6 All the children of the tribe of Dan, the LORD of hosts, the Lord of the house of the Lord, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Worlds.
11: 6 And ֠dnial Cd֨i Id֜a Dֽi-rs֤im Ctba֙ A֣l Lbit֔h and Co֨in Ftih֥n Lh֙ Balit֔h N֖gd Irosl֑m and Zmnin֩ Tlt֨h Biom֜a H֣oa | Br֣c Al-brc֗ohi and Mtzl֤a and Moda֙ Kd֣m Alh֔h Cl-kbl֙ Dֽi-ho֣a Ab֔d Mn-kdm֖t Dnֽh: S.
12: 6 The LORD is a mighty man; he is not with you; he is his anger, and his strength is his strength to my children, and he will not come down to them, nor will they be defiled, for they are not, but God is their God.
13: 6 B֠adin Kr֨ibo and Amr֥in Kdm-mlca֮ Al-as֣r Mlca֒ Hl֧a As֣r Rs֗mt D֣i Cl-an֡s Dֽi-ibah֩ Mn-cl-al֨h and ֽan֜s Ad-iom֣in Tlt֗in Lhn֙ Mn֣c Mlc֔a Itrm֕a Lg֖ob Ariot֑a An֨h Mlc֜a and Am֗r Itzib֧a Mlt֛a Cdt-md֥i and Fr֖s Di- For thou shalt not go down.
14: 6 B֠adin An֣o and Amrin֮ Kd֣m Mlca֒ D֣i Dni֡al Di֩ Mn-bn֨i Glot֜a D֣i Ih֗od La-s֨m * You must ** Al֤c Mlca֙ Ta֔m and Al-asr֖a D֣i Rs֑mt and Zmn֤in Tlth֙ Biom֔a Ba֖a Baotֽh:
15: 6 Adonai is a god, a king, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a family, a family, a family, a family, a family, a family, and a family.
16: 6 Bad֙in֙ Gbri֣a Al֔c Hrg֖so Al-mlc֑a and Amr֣in Lmlc֗a D֤a Mlca֙ Dֽi-dt֙ Lmd֣i and Fr֔s Dֽi-cl-as֥r and Ki֛m Dֽi-mlc֥a Ihk֖im L֥a Lhsniֽh:
17: 6 Bad֜in Mlc֣a Am֗r and Hitio֙ Ld֣ni֔al and Rm֕o Lgb֖a D֣i Ariot֑a An֤h Mlca֙ and Am֣r Ldni֔al Alh֗c D֣i * Anta ** A֤nt Fֽlֽh-lh֙ Btdir֔a H֖oa Isizbnֽc:
18: 6 And thou shalt give up the children of the children of Judah, and bring them to the land of their children, and they shall bring them to the land of Israel, and they shall bring them forth, and they shall return to their land, and they shall return to their land, and they shall return to their land.
19: 6 The Lord, I will give thee the angel of the Lord, and I will give thee the power of the LORD, and I will come to thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will give him strength, and I will give him strength.
20: 6 Beethoven, the angel of the king, is in the tribe of Shapiro, who is in the midst of the land, and is not in the house, nor is he in the house, nor is he in the house, nor is he the house of the LORD.
21: 6 And Cmkrb֣h Lgb֔a Ld֣ni֔al Bk֥l Atz֖ib Za֑k An֨h Mlc֜a and Am֣r Ldni֗al Dֽnial֙ Abd֙ Alh֣a Hi֔a Alh֗c D֣i * Anta ** A֤nt Fֽlֽh-lh֙ Btdir֔a Hic֥l Lsizbot֖c Mn-ariotֽa:
22: 6 Adonai, the son of Dan, was called unto the people of Malak, the son of Malch, the king of Malak, the son of Levi, the son of Solomon;
23: 6 Alh֞i Sl֣h Mlac֗h and ֽsg֛r F֥m Ariot֖a and L֣a Hbl֑oni Cl-kb֗l D֤i Kֽdm֙ohi֙ Zco֙ Hstc֣ht L֔i and A֤f * Kdmic ** Kֽdmc֙ Mlc֔a Hbol֖h L֥a Abdֽt:
24: 6 Bad֣in Mlc֗a Sgia֙ Ta֣b Al֔ohi and Ld֣ni֔al Am֖r Lhnsk֣h Mn-gb֑a and Hs֨k Dni֜al Mn-gb֗a and Cl-hbl֙ La-hstc֣h B֔h D֖i Him֥n Balhֽh:
25: 6 And Am֣r Mlc֗a and Hit֞io Gbri֤a Alc֙ Dֽi-ac֤lo Krtz֙ohi֙ D֣i Dֽni֔al and Lg֤b Ariota֙ Rm֔o An֖on Bnih֣on and Nsih֑on and Lֽa-mt֞o Lara֣it Gb֗a A֠d Dֽi-sl֤tֽo Bhon֙ Ari֣ot֔a and Cl-grmih֖on Hdֽko:
26: 6 Behold, my son, my lord, is a thief, a thief, an angel, a servant of the people, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation and a nation.
27: 6 Mn-kdmi֮ S֣im Tam֒ D֣i | Bcl-slt֣n Mlcot֗i Lhoֺ֤n * Zaain ** Ziain֙ and D֣hl֔in Mn-kd֖m Alh֣h Di-dֽni֑al Di-h֣oa | Alh֣a Hi֗a and Kim֙ La֣lm֔in and Mlcoth֙ Dֽi-l֣a Tthb֔l and Sltn֖h Ad-sofֽa:
28: 6 He who is mighty and mighty, and hath worshiped; thou hast not been numbered in the heavens; yet he is not in the midst of evil;
29: 6 And I will ask thee, O Lord, that thou shalt find the flesh of the flesh of the house of the house of the LORD, and of the house of the LORD, and of the kingdom of the LORD, as in the wilderness of Persia. ** פארסאאֽֽה: פ
‪xxxx  Chapter 7   (28 verses)‬
1: 7 In the year of the month of Cheshvan, I will return to the land of Babylon, and I will return to you in the midst of the city of Dan. And this is the month of the month of Cheshvan, and I will return to the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, and the land of Israel.
2: 7 Dan said, "Behold, I am the son of Zechariah, and he is the one in the land of the land." He said to him, "Behold, I will be with you, and I will be with you." Narrated by Arbaa, "The spirit of my spirit."
3: 7 And Rabban was a great-grandson, a great man; he was a merchant; he was a great man; he was a great man;
4: 7 Kdmit֣a Cari֔h and Gf֥in Dֽi-ns֖r L֑h Hz֣h Ho֡it Ad֩ Di-mr֨ito Gf֜ih and Nt֣ilt Mn-ara֗a and Al-rgl֙in֙ Can֣s Hkim֔t and Lb֥b An֖s Ih֥ib Lֽh:
5: 7 and Ar֣o Hioh֩ Ahr֨i Tnin֜h Dmi֣h Ld֗b and Lstr-hd֙ Hkm֔t and Tl֥t Ala֛in Bfm֖h B֣in * ** Sn֑h second and Cn֙ Amr֣in L֔h K֥omֽi Ac֖li Bs֥r Sgֽia:
6: 7 Bat֨r Dn֜h Hz֣h Ho֗it and Ar֤o Aֽhri֙ Cnm֔r and L֨h Gf֥in Arb֛a Di-a֖of per- * ** Gb֑h collection and Arba֤h Rasin֙ Lh֣iot֔a and Slt֖n Ih֥ib Lֽh:
7: 7 Bat֣r Dnh֩ Hz֨h Ho֜it Bhzo֣i Lֽili֗a and Ar֣o Hio֣h * ** Rֽbiaa֡h Dhilh֩ quartet and Aֽimtn֨i and Tkif֜a It֗ira and Sn֨in Dֽi-frz֥l Lh֙ Rbrb֔n Aֽcl֣h and Mdk֔h and Sar֖a * ** Brgl֣h Rfs֑h legs and H֣ia Msni֗h Mn-cl-hֽiota֙ D֣i Kֽdm֔ih and Krn֥in As֖r Lֽh:
8: 7 Mstc֨l Ho֜it Bkrni֗a and ֠alo K֣rn Ahr֤i Zairh֙ Slk֣t * Binihon ** Bֽinih֔n and Tl֗t Mn-krnia֙ Kdm֣it֔a * Atakro Atak֖rh berth * ** ** Kdm֑h the front and Al֨o Ain֜in Cain֤i Ansa֙ Bkrna-d֔a and F֖m Mml֥l Rbrbֽn:
9: 7 Hz֣h Ho֗it A֣d D֤i Crson֙ Rm֔io and At֥ik Iom֖in It֑b Lbos֣h | Ctl֣g Ho֗r and Sa֤r Rash֙ Cam֣r Nk֔a Crsih֙ Sbib֣in Di-n֔or Glgl֖ohi N֥or Dlֽk:
10: 7 Nahar, the son of Ner, the son of Nerad, and of the tribe of Nefesh, of the tribe of Kedem, of the tribe of Zephyr, of the tribe of Elphon, of Elephin, of Yasham, of the tribe of Rabah, of Rabah, of Rabah, of Rabah, of Rabah, of Rabbanah, of Kibur, of the tribe of Zephaniah, of Jethro, of Zephyr, of Phineh,
11: 7 Hz֣h Ho֔it Bad֗in Mn-kl֙ Mli֣a Rbrbt֔a D֥i Krn֖a Mmll֑h Hz֣h Ho֡it Ad֩ D֨i Ktil֤t Hֽiota֙ and Hob֣d Gsm֔h and Ihib֖t Likd֥t Asֽa:
12: 7 And it shall be the day of the LORD, that is, the promise of the LORD, and of the LORD, and of the LORD, and of the LORD, of the living, and of the LORD, that is, of the life of the LORD.
13: 7 Behold, thou hast dwelt in the midst of the land; behold, they are not with me; and they are not with me; for they are not with me, but they are not, but as for the people of the land, behold, they are the LORD, and they are the people of the people.
14: 7 and L֨h Ih֤ib Sltn֙ and Ik֣r and Mlc֔o and C֣l Aֽmmi֗a Ami֛a and Lsni֖a L֣h Iflh֑on Sltn֞h Slt֤n Alm֙ Dֽi-l֣a Iad֔h and Mlcot֖h Di-l֥a Tthbֽl: P.
15: 7 Do you know the spirit of the Spirit? I will not judge my religion, but I will answer it with contempt, and I will judge it, and I will see it, and the heads of my people will come to me.
16: 7 And he brought near unto Hadah, from the midst of the tribe of Amaiah, and he came to him, and he did not go down, but he was not with him, and he gave him all his strength, and he said to him, And he said unto me, Lo, thou shalt not go down, for I am not my God;
17: 7 Where is the life of the living, that is, the multiplication of the earth, but of the LORD, I know that I will not multiply, and will multiply the land of the land, and the land of the LORD shall not be consumed.
18: 7 וֽיַקבבּּל֙ו֙ן מללכוכ֔לּתנ֙ת קה קדדִּיש֖ש֖י עי עלליוי֑נ֑ין וייְס֤נ֤ן֤ן מללכוכּתת֙א֙ה עֽבֽד-עלמלממ֔א וע֖ד ע֥ל֥ם עללַמֽיֽא:
19: 7 Ad֗in Tzbit֙ Litzb֔a Al-hֽiota֙ Rbia֣it֔a Dֽi-ho֥t Sֽni֖h berth * Clhon Clh֑in Dhil֣h It֗irh ** * ** Sn֤h Dֽi-frzl֙ second and Tfr֣ih Dֽi-nh֔s Aֽcl֣h Mdk֔h and Sar֖a Brgl֥ih [1] Rֽfsֽh:
20: 7 and Al-krni֤a Asr֙ D֣i Bras֔h and Ahri֙ D֣i Slk֔t * and fell and Nf֥lh berth ** * ** Kdm֖h Tl֑t the front and Krn֨a Dc֜n and Ain֣in L֗h and Fm֙ Mml֣l Rbrb֔n and Hzo֖h R֥b Mn-hbrtֽh:
21: 7 Behold, the LORD is the One, and the Son of the Lord is the One; the servant is the servant of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe is with the sanctity of the earth, and he is able to live.
22: 7 And when the people of Israel came to them, they came to them, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they returned to the land of the LORD, and they returned to the land of Israel.
23: 7 Cn֮ Amr֒ Hֽiota֙ Rbia֣it֔a Mlc֤o * Rbiaia ** Rbiaah֙ Tho֣a Bara֔a D֥i Tsn֖a Mn-cl-mlcot֑a and Tacl֙ Cl-ara֔a and Tdosn֖h and Tdknֽh:
24: 7 And Karnai, the son of Esau, the son of Mordecai, the son of Mordecai, the son of the son of the king of Israel, was the king of the land of Israel, and of the land of Israel, and of the land of Israel, and of the land of Judah.
25: 7 and Ml֗in Ltz֤d * Alia ** Alah֙ Iml֔l and Lkdis֥i Alion֖in Ibl֑a and Isb֗r Lhsnih֙ Zmn֣in and D֔t and Itihb֣on Bid֔h Ad-ad֥n and Adn֖in and Fl֥g Adֽn:
26: 7 And the children of the tribe of Zebul, and the ruler of the tribe of Judah, went out to destroy the land, and took it to the land, even unto Sopath.
27: 7 and Mlcot֨h and Sltn֜a and Rbot֗a D֚i Mlcot֙ Th֣ot Cl-smi֔a Ihib֕t La֖m Kdis֣i Alion֑in Mlcoth֙ Mlc֣ot Al֔m and Cl֙ Slt֣ni֔a L֥h Iflh֖on and Iֽstmaֽon:
28: 7 So the people of the people of Israel, the people of the land, shall return to the land of Israel, and they shall return to the land of Israel, and the land of the land shall be destroyed, and the land shall be destroyed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 8   (27 verses)‬
1: 8 In the second year of the reign of the king, the kingdom of Babylon came to pass, and the king went out of the land, and the army saw it, and saw it, I said to him, "I am not going to see you, my son!" He asked him afterward, "Where are you? Are you afraid of me? Why are you not with me?"
2: 8 And behold, behold, the beast was in it, and it was in the midst of the seeing, and I was in the midst of the thorns of the fire, and it was as though the earth was still in the air, and the water was still in the air, and I saw it in the midst of the sea, and I saw it, and I came upon it.
3: 8 and As֤a Aini֙ and Ara֔h and Hn֣h | A֣il Ah֗d Am֛d Lfn֥i Hab֖l and L֣o Krn֑im and Hkrn֣im Gbh֗ot and Haht֙ Gbh֣h Mn-hsn֔it and H֨gbh֔h Al֖h Bahrnֽh:
4: 8 Behold, I have seen the people of the land of Israel, and I have seen them, and the people of the land, and all the living things of the world, and the people of Israel;
5: 8 And I said: Behold, I am with you from the midst of the mountains; and the children of Zephyr, the children of Zephyr, and the children of Nazareth, are in the midst of the midst of the wilderness, all the children of the land, and there is no wine in the land;
6: 8 And Abba the son of Ahadaih came to him, saying to him, "Behold, I will come to the grave, for I will not see you, but I will see you before the face of me, and I will come to you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you in his stead."
7: 8 and Rait֞io Mg֣ia | A֣tzl Ha֗il and Itmrm֤r Alio֙ and I֣c At-ha֔il and Isbr֙ At-st֣i Krn֔io and La-h֥ih C֛h Ba֖il Lam֣d Lfn֑io and Islic֤ho A֙rtzh֙ and ֽirms֔ho and La-hi֥h Mtz֛il La֖il Midֽo:
8: 8 And Zippur, the mighty, was not the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty.
9: 8 And the man of the brotherhood came out of them, and he gave up the corn of the fire, and the captain of the tribe of Zechariah, and Haggadol, the son of Zerah, turned back to El-Hanabab, and to Mizrah, and to Hazorba.
10: 8 And Gadal grew up before the tribe, but he did not go into the wilderness, and he began to pray, and he did not go out from the tribe, nor to the king of the Maccabees, and they were trampled on them.
11: 8 And the people of the tribe of Zebulah, the mighty ones, and the people of the mountains, came unto them, and lifted up their tents, and they were destroyed, and the people of Makkah were sanctified.
12: 8 And thou shalt not give them to them, but thou shalt not go astray in the midst of wickedness, and thy desire shall cease, and thou shalt surely be satisfied, and thou shalt do it, and thou shalt bring it to life.
13: 8 and Asma֥h Aֽhd-kd֖os Mdb֑r and Iamr֩ Ah֨d Kd֜os Lfֽlmon֣i Hֽmdb֗r Ad-mt֞i Hhz֤on Htmid֙ and Hf֣sa Sm֔m T֛t and K֥ds and Tzb֖a Mrmֽs:
14: 8 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not be angry with him, but reproach the father of the father, and he that hath taken away his lusts, and hath taken possession of his flock.
15: 8 And behold, behold, I saw that I was with my children, and I asked the sheep, and I asked her, 'Behold, we are with her, and she is with her, even against the children of the children, as they saw it.
16: 8 And when the voice of Adam came to them, they came to him, and they were not filled with light. And he called them, and he believed, and they were mighty, and they were not able to bring down the man that saw her.
17: 8 And it came to pass, that the people of the world stood before me: and it came to pass, that he answered me, and said unto him, I say unto me, Behold, they are not sons of men, but they are not, because they are not the children of the children of Hazon.
18: 8 And when I spoke with him, with me, I was rebellious, and I fell upon the face of the earth, and the land of the land came to me, and it came to pass, that I might go down on my way.
19: 8 And he said unto them, Behold, I am with thee, O LORD, that I may come unto thee, that thou mayest be in the land of the land of the wicked, that I may come to the house of the LORD of hosts;
20: 8 It is a wonder, when you see that you are in the midst of the cold, that it is not a mess, but a great thing!
21: 8 And the people of Nazareth, the light of the sixth day, shall be filled with you, the LORD, the great, the great, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the most powerful;
22: 8 And the people of the tribe of Nazareth, and the multitude of their flock, multiplied and multiplied, and they multiplied, and multiplied their houses, because of the multitude of the people, and the people of Judah, and they were not in their power.
23: 8 And in the end of the day the kingdom of the LORD shall be upon them, and they shall be destroyed, and the people of the land shall be destroyed, and they shall not be destroyed.
24: 8 And his power was his strength, and he was not in his power, and he was afraid of him, and he was afraid of him, and he was afraid of him, and he did it, and made the fire of the people mighty and mighty.
25: 8 And the wise man was strong in his hands, and his heart was in his hands, and his heart was filled with joy: and he was ashamed of him, and he was afraid of him. And he went up to the house of the captives, and he went to the house of the captives, and he went to the house of the king.
26: 8 And he saw that he was angry, and the father was cold, but he was not afraid, but the mother was silent, and the people were silent, and they were the children of Hazon, so that they might be destroyed.
27: 8 And I said unto my children, Behold, I am not worthy; and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will give you the money, and I will give you money, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
‪xxxx  Chapter 9   (27 verses)‬
1: 9 In the second year I saw the son of David, and the son of Ahasuer, the wife of the son of Ahasuer, was ashamed of Mezron, because of the land of Israel, which was as it was, and the land of the land was full of water.
2: 9 Bsn֤t Aht֙ Lmlc֔o Ani֙ Dֽni֔al Bin֖ti Bsfr֑im Msf֣r Hsn֗im As֨r Hi֤h Dbr-ihoh֙ Al-irmi֣h Hnb֔ia Lml֛aot Lhrb֥ot Irosl֖m Sba֥im Snֽh:
3: 9 And thou hast brought the face of me unto the Lord: for God hath given no bread to him, and he hath given him a cup of water, and hath given it to them;
4: 9 ֽatfֽll֛h Liho֥h Alh֖i and Atod֑h and Aֽmr֗h An֤a Adni֙ Ha֤l Hgdol֙ and Hnor֔a Sm֤r Hbrit֙ and ֽhh֔sd Lahb֖io and Lsmr֥i Mtzoֺtֽio:
5: 9 We have sinned against our enemies, and they have made us wicked: they have given us strength, and they have given us strength, and your punishment has been fulfilled, and your judgment has been fulfilled.
6: 9 And let us not be afraid, but let us go unto thee: for thy servants are the prophets, and they shall not be destroyed, because they are in thy name, and they shall come unto our kings, and our fathers, and our fathers, and all the men of the land.
7: 9 Lc֤ Adni֙ Htzdk֔h and L֛no B֥st Hfn֖im Ci֣om Hz֑h La֤is Ihodh֙ and Liosb֣i Irֽosl֔m and ֽlcl-isra֞l Hkrb֣im and Hrhk֗im Bcl-hֽartzot֙ As֣r Hdht֣m S֔m Bmal֖m As֥r Mֽalo-bֽc:
8: 9 The LORD our God, we are the children of the six women, who are full of our kings, our servants, our fathers, and our fathers, as we have sinned against you.
9: 9 Come to us, O God, our God, our Lord, have mercy on us, and we will not forgive you.
10: 9 And the people of Israel came to us in the midst of the law, the LORD, the LORD, our God, our God, and the daughter of his daughters, and his wives, and the wives of the sons of Israel, and the sons of Israel, the children of Israel, and the people of Israel.
11: 9 and Cl-isra֗l Aֽbro֙ At-t֣ort֔c and S֕or Lblt֖i Sm֣oa Bkl֑c and Tt֨c Al֜ino Hal֣h and Hsba֗h As֤r Ctobh֙ Btort֙ Ms֣h Aֽbd-hֽalh֔im C֥i Ht֖ano Lֽo:
12: 9 and I֜km At- * comments ** Dbr֣o | Asr-db֣r Al֗ino and A֤l Sֽft֙ino֙ As֣r Sft֔ono Lhb֥ia Al֖ino Ra֣h Gdl֑h As֣r Lֽa-nast֗h T֚ht Cl-hsm֔im Cas֥r Nast֖h Biroslֽm:
13: 9 Cas֤r Ctob֙ Btor֣t Ms֔h A֛t Cl-hra֥h Hz֖at B֣ah Al֑ino and Lֽa-hl֜ino At-fn֣i | LORD Alh֗ino Lsob֙ Mֽaoֺn֔no and Lhsc֖il Bamtֽc:
14: 9 And the LORD, the LORD, went up against the children of Israel, and brought them up to us, because they were in the hands of the children of Zik, the LORD, the God of God, and all the people of all his works.
15: 9 And behold, O God, O God, O our God, that is, when thou hast given up thy people, the people of thy people, from the land of Israel, even in the midst of the land of the earth, and thou shalt give them bread for their own sake, for they are not, for they are the men of the earth, and they are the seed of the wicked.
16: 9 Adn֗i Ccl-tzdkt֙c֙ Iֽsb-n֤a Afc֙ and Hm֣tc֔ Maֽirc֥ Irosl֖m Hr-kds֑c C֤i Bhta֙ino֙ and Baoֺn֣ot Abt֔ino Irosl֧m and Amc֛ Lhrf֖h Lcl-sbibtֽino:
17: 9 And behold, thou shalt bring unto God thy servants, unto thy prayer, thy servant's servants, and unto him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to thy presence, and to your sanctuary, to the heavens, to the heavens;
18: 9 Ht֨h Alh֥i | Aznc֮ and ֽsma֒ * ** Fk֣h Ain֗ic opened and Rah֙ Sֽmmt֔ino and Ha֕ir Asr-nkr֥a Smc֖ Al֑ih C֣i | L֣a Al-tzdkt֗ino An֨hno Mfil֤im Thnon֙ino֙ Lfn֔ic C֖i Al-rhm֥ic Hrbֽim:
19: 9 Adonai is a man of valor, a man of valor, a man of valor, a man of valor, a man of valor, a man of valor, a man of valor, a man of valor, a man of valor.
20: 9 And I will say unto you, I will not speak, and I will be baptized, and I will be with you, for I have sinned against you, and I have sinned against the people of Israel, so that I may be exalted.
Num 21: 9 And I will be glad to see you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
22: 9 And Abba the son of David spoke with me, and he said, "My lord, do not ask me, but I will bring you to make you wise."
23: 9 Behold, Thou art great, Thou art great, Thou art great; Thou art great, Thou art great, Thou art great, Thou hast given me strength to give glory to me: for I have gone through the law, and I have seen it, and I have understood it, and I have seen it.
24: 9 Sba֨im Sba֜im Nht֥c Aֽl-amc֣ | and Al-a֣ir Kds֗c Lcl֨a Hf֜sa * signing and Lht֤m * ** ** Htat֙ sins and Lcf֣r Aoֺ֔n and Lhb֖ia Tz֣dk Aֽlm֑im and Lhtm֙ Hz֣on and Nb֔ia and Lms֖h K֥ds Kֽdsֽim:
25: 9 and Td֨a and Tsc֜l Mn-mtz֣a Db֗r Lhsib֙ and Lbn֤ot Irֽosl֙m֙ Ad-ms֣ih Ng֔id Sba֖im Sba֑h and Sba֞im Ss֣im and Sn֗im Tsob֙ and Nbnth֙ Rh֣ob and Hr֔otz and Btz֖ok Hatֽim:
26: 9 and Ahr֤i Hsbaim֙ Ss֣im and Sn֔im Icr֥t Ms֖ih and A֣in L֑o and Ha֨ir and Hk֜ds I֠shit A֣m Ng֤id Hba֙ and Ktz֣o Bs֔tf and Ad֙ K֣tz Mlhm֔h Nhr֖tzt Smmֽot:
27: 9 and Hgb֥ir Br֛it Lrb֖im Sb֣oa Ah֑d and Htz֨i Hsb֜oa Isb֣it | Z֣bh and Mnh֗h and A֨l Cn֤f Skotzim֙ Msm֔m and Ad-clh֙ and N֣hrtz֔h Tt֖c Al-smֽm: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 10   (21 verses)‬
1: 10 Bsn֣t Sl֗os Lc֙ors֙ M֣lc Fr֔s Dbr֙ Ngl֣h Ldֽni֔al Asr-nkr֥a Sm֖o Bltsatz֑r and Am֤t Hdbr֙ and Tzb֣a Gd֔ol and Bin֙ At-hdb֔r and B֥inh L֖o Bmraֽh:
2: 10 In the days of the Lord, I am with them, I am with you, I am with you, and I am with you, and I will not be in love with you, for I will not be with you.
3: 10 Lo, the bread of Hamam, the bread of the sheep, and the wine of the wine, and of the wine, and of the wine, and of the wine, and of the wine.
4: 10 And behold, nine hundred and four hundred, seven hundred, seven hundred, seven hundred: and I am, and I have been with thee, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the great, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the Universe,
5: 10 And I saw the eyes of my eyes, and I saw them, and I saw them, the man of the house, and the sons of the children of the children, and they died of him, and they were burning in the midst of them, and they were burned.
6: 10 And his strength was as hearkened to the sword, and his face was as he saw it, and it was in his lightning, and his eyes were like his hands;
7: 10 Raiti֩ An֨i Dni֤al Lbdi֙ At-hmra֔h and Hansim֙ As֣r Hi֣o Am֔i L֥a Ra֖o At-hmra֑h Ab֗l Hrd֤h Gdlh֙ Nfl֣h Alih֔m and ֽibrh֖o Bhhbֽa:
8: 10 And I will not give up my inheritance to Me, but I will see the greatness of the LORD, and this is the greatness of the earth, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength over my strength, and I will not be afraid.
9: 10 And he went up with his tongue, saying, "Speak to me, and I will hear my voice, and I will hear it, and I will speak to you, and I will be with you!" "You have been rebellious against me, so are you standing before me, and I will face you."
10: 10 And I will be ashamed of you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you by your knees, and I will put your hands on your hands.
11: 10 I֣amr Al֡i Dni֣al Ais-h֠mdot Hb֨n Bdbr֜im Asr֩ Anc֨i Db֤r Al֙ic֙ and Am֣d Al-amd֔c C֥i At֖h Sl֣hti Al֑ic and Bdbr֥o Am֛i At-hdb֥r Hz֖h Am֥dti Mraֽid:
12: 10 I֣amr Ali֮ Al-tir֣a Dnial֒ C֣i | Mn-hi֣om Hras֗on As֨r Nt֧t Aֽt-lbc֛ Lhb֧in and Lhtan֛ot Lfn֥i Alh֖ic Nsma֣o Dbr֑ic and Ani-b֖ati Bdbrֽic:
13: 10 S֣r | Mlc֣ot Fr֗s Am֤d Lngdi֙ Asr֣im and Ah֣d I֔om and Hn֣h Mֽica֗l Ah֛d Hsr֥im Hrasn֖im B֣a Lazr֑ni and Ani֙ Not֣rti S֔m A֖tzl Mlc֥i Frֽs:
14: 10 And thou hast brought me forth, that is, thy father, and thee, and thou shalt give up, which is thy name, that is, to thy people, after the last day, the days are gone, for the loaves of bread are the bread of the sea.
15: 10 And when he spoke with him, he said unto him, As it is said, Where are you, thou hast given me a face, and I have not seen it, and God hath not died.
16: 10 Hn֗h Cdmot֙ Bn֣i Ad֔m Ng֖a Al-sft֑i and Afth-f֗i and Adbrh֙ and Aֽmrh֙ Al-ham֣d Lngd֔i Adn֗i Bmrah֙ Nhfc֤o Tziri֙ Al֔i and L֥a Atz֖rti Cֽh:
17: 10 And thy God, I have been blessed with my lord, I am with thee, O Lord, I am with thee, I am with thee, and with me, and with me, and with me, and with me, and with me, and with me.
18: 10 And he drew a sword, and came down to me, as if he saw them, and they were gone, and he gave me strength.
19: 10 And he said unto him, Behold, thou art not a man of war, but a man of war; and he is not a man; and he is a man of strength, and a man of strength, and of his strength, and of his strength, and of his strength, and of his strength, and of his strength, and of his strength.
20: 10 And he said, "Behold, I will go to you; why are you not answering me?" "And now I have committed adultery, and I will return to the land of Israel with them, and I will return to the land of Israel, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
21: 10 But I will not bring you to the throne, but I will bring you to the land, and I will return to you, and I will not be with you again, but I will not be with you again, because I will bring you up to you.
‪xxxx  Chapter 11   (45 verses)‬
1: 11 And I, in the second year, took up my hand, and gave it to me for six months, until I came to Mezizik, and I heard it, and I heard it.
2: 11 At֕h Am֖t Ag֣id L֑c Hnh-aod֩ Sls֨h Mlc֜im Amd֣im Lfr֗s and Hֽrbiai֙ Ias֤ir Aֽsr-gdol֙ Mc֔l and Chzkt֣o Basr֔o Ia֣ir Hc֔l A֖t Mlc֥ot Ioֽn:
3: 11 And the people of Mechalach went up to Gibor, and went out from the house of Mesopotamia, Rebbes, and did as they pleased him.
4: 11 Camdo֙ Tsb֣r Mlcot֔o and Th֕tz Larb֖a Roh֣ot Hsm֑im and L֣a Lahrit֗o and L֤a Cmslo֙ As֣r Ms֔l C֤i Tnts֙ Mlcot֔o and Lahr֖im Mlbd-aֽlh:
5:11 And Hezek, your servant, gave him the grain, and his meat, and his wine, and his bread, and his bread, and his bread, and his bread, and his bread.
6: 11 Lk֤tz Snim֙ Ithb֔ro and B֣t Mֽlc-hn֗gb Tboa֙ Al-m֣lc Htzf֔on Las֖ot Misr֑im and Lֽa-tatz֞r C֣oh Hzr֗oa and L֤a Iamd֙ and Zra֔o and Tnt֨n H֤ia and Mbia֙ih֙ and Hi֣ld֔h and Mhzk֖h Batֽim:
7:11 And the people of the tribe of Asher were with their roots; they were like him, and they came to the house of the Nile, and came into the midst of the wilderness, and the people of the flock went up to them, and did them in their midst, and they seized it.
8: 11 And their God, behold, they were with them, so that they might go down with them, even with all their families, and their families, and their families, and their families, and their families, and their families, and the children of Israel, and the children of Israel.
9:11 And you shall be in the kingdom of the Lord, and I will send thee into the sea, and he shall return to his land,
10: 11 * And his son, and his sons, shall be converted, and they shall be gathered together, and they shall be numbered. Hilel, they are great, and they shall return; and they shall return to the land, and they shall return to the land, and they shall be victorious.
11: 11 And you shall be astonished, and your descendants will be with you, and they will go out with them, with you, with them, and with you, the people of the flock, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and you shall be with them.
12: 11 And they shall bear the heat, and they shall not be thirsty: and they shall not be afraid of their hearts, neither shall they be afraid.
13: 11 And the people of the flock returned, and the people went up, and the men of the land were afraid of the fire, and they were afraid of them, and they came to the land of the LORD, and there were two years, and they were still in the house, and they were in the midst of the sea, and they were in the midst of the wilderness.
14: 11 And when they came to them, they were great, and they came to them, and they went to the house of the children of the tribe, and the people of the land, and the children of Israel, the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
15: 11 And it came to pass, that the people of the flock, and the people of the land, came to you, and went to the land of Israel, and they came to the land of Israel, and the people of Zerua, the cities of Zerua, and Zerua, were there, and the people of the land, and the people of Judah, and the people of Hebron, and his people, and the people of the land of Amazah.
16: 11 And the servant of the LORD came unto him, and as he was pleased with him, and with his hands, he went down to his face, and his people went down in the land of the tribe, and all his people were with him in his hand.
17: 11 And they shall be put to death, and they shall be full of all the kingdoms of the LORD, and they shall be with them, and his wives shall do it. And the wives shall be given to him, and they shall give him a gift, and he shall not be put to death, neither shall he be worthy of him.
18: 11 And he sat down and took his wife's face, and they returned to him, and they returned to him, and they returned to him, and they went to his house, and burned his sheep.
19: 11 And he turned his face to his strength, and gave him his strength: but he ran away from him, and he smote him, and he fell down, and he fell down, and he was not afraid.
20:11 And the people of the people of the tribe of Amuber, the sons of Nog, were ashamed of the children of Malak, and of the tribe of Ahadim, of the tribe of Yashabar, and of the tribe of Laban, and of the land of the kingdom of Judah.
Num 21: 11 And the people of his flock have despised him, and they have not given him up; they have given him strength, and they have given him strength, and they are not in his power, nor have they been in possession of him, nor have they been the kings of the kingdom.
22:11 And Zerua, the captain of the tribe of Naphtah, was cast out of his face, and they returned to their place, and their glory was in the wilderness.
23: 11 And there was a lot of people in the house, and they were with him, and they were not with them, and they went up against them, and went up to them, and in the midst of them, in a very small way.
24: 11 Bslo֞h and Bmsmn֣i Mdinh֮ Iboa֒ and As֗h As֨r La-as֤o Abtio֙ and Ab֣ot Abt֔io Bz֧h and Sl֛l and Rc֖os Lh֣m Ibz֑or and A֧l Mbtzr֛im Ihs֥b Mhsbt֖io and Ad-aֽt:
25: 11 Iar֩ Ch֨o and Lbb֜o Al-m֣lc Hngb֮ Bh֣il Gdol֒ and M֣lc Hn֗gb Itgrh֙ Lmlhm֔h Bhֽil-gd֥ol and Atz֖om Ad-ma֑d and L֣a Iam֔d Cֽi-ihsb֥o Al֖io Mhsbֽot:
26: 11 And he shall eat the food of his children, and he shall return to him, and his soldiers shall be ashamed of him, and he shall go astray, and they shall fall down.
27: 11 And the two of them were the kings, and the sons of their fathers, and they were not rebellious, and they were not sent away, but they were not, and they were not, and they were not, but they were strangers; and they were not victorious, because they were afraid of them.
28: 11 And his father returned to his land, in the midst of the land of Gad, and the son of Laban rebuked him over the house of Bariath, and he made his land, and did it, and he returned to his land.
29: 11 Let there be no fear, and we shall return, and we shall not return, nor shall we be as our chiefs, and so shall we be.
30: 11 And the children of the children of the tribe of Zechariah returned, and the children of the tribe of Zechariah died, and the children of the tribe of Zechariah returned to the land of Berezit, the city of Lod, and did the same, and they turned away, and brought them up on the way of Azab;
31:11 And they shall not be afraid of Me, but they shall go down to Me, and they shall be desolate, and they shall be ashamed of their wickedness, and they shall be ashamed of the dead; and they shall be given the desire to be ashamed of their wickedness.
32: 11 And he that hath mercy on them shall be in the inheritance of the children of Israel, that they may live in the midst of the flocks, and they shall know that their God is in him, and they shall not be ashamed;
33:11 And he that hath been blessed, hath given us bread, and hath given it to the LORD, and he hath turned away from him, and in his heart, and in his heart, and in his heart, and in his heart, and in his captivity,
34: 11 And they shall be ashamed of them, that they may be saved, but they shall not go astray: and they shall not go up against them, but they shall multiply in the midst of the calamities.
35:11 And the wise men were ashamed: they were not ashamed of themselves; they were oppressed in their midst, and they rebelled against them, and took them away, even though they were broken, because they were afraid of those who did not.
36: 11 As֨h Crtzon֜o Hm֗lc and Itrom֤m and Itgdl֙ Al-cl-a֔l and Al֙ A֣l Al֔im Idb֖r Nfla֑ot and Htzl֙ih֙ Ad-c֣lh Z֔am C֥i Nhrtz֖h Nasֽth:
37:11 And unto God his fathers, and his fathers, were not they, and they were not numbered, nor were they men of war. And all the gods were not afraid; they were not afraid, but they were not, because they were not in the way of the king.
38: 11 And God said to him, "Behold, I will go to the house of the king of Israel, and I will return to you, and I will not be afraid of you, but I will not be afraid of you, but your father will not turn away from you in a strange way, and in the midst of you, and in the midst of the land, and in the midst of your life."
39: 11 And he did unto Moses the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, and the mighty.
40: 11 Ba֣t K֗tz Itng֤h Amo֙ M֣lc Hn֔gb and Ista֨r Al֜io M֣lc Htzf֗on Br֙cb֙ and Bf֣rs֔im and Bani֖ot Rb֑ot and B֥a Bartz֖ot and St֥f and Abֽr:
41: 11 And it came to pass in the land of the tribe, and the multitude of them went astray, and they slew it, and it was destroyed, and the people were there, and the people of the land, and the firstborn, and the sons of Israel, were with them.
42: 11 And his hand was in his hands, and he was in the land of Israel, and the land of Egypt was not, and he was not the one to give it to the Philistines.
43: 11 And when he was in the midst of Mechmany, that was the day of this day, and the people were gathered together, and the people of Mizorah were besieged by the Egyptians, and they were afraid, and were overcome by the fire.
44: 11 And he heard the words of the LORD, saying, "Behold, I will come out of Mezron, and I will go out of the house, and I will go out of the house, and I will go out of the house, and I will go out of the house."
45: 11 And he went astray, and went up to him, saying, I beseech him, that he may not be put to death, and that he will come down to the mountain of my flock, and he will come, and he will come to his land, and he will come to him.
‪xxxx  Chapter 12   (13 verses)‬
1: 12 Ba֣t Hhia֩ Iam֨d Mֽica֜l Hs֣r Hgd֗ol Hamd֮ Al-bn֣i Amc֒ and Hith֙ A֣t Tzr֔h As֤r Lֽa-nhith֙ Mֽhi֣ot G֔oi A֖d Ha֣t Hh֑ia and Ba֤t Hhia֙ Iml֣t Amc֔ Cl-hnmtz֖a Ct֥ob Bsֽfr:
2: 12 And many of them went up to sleep, but the people of the people of Israel went up against them, and raised them up to live, but they went up, and brought them to the mountains of the mountains,
3: 12 And he that believeth is this, that is, that is, the power of the wicked, and the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the merciful.
4: 12 And you, behold, my Lord, I will ask the people of Seth, the Lord, the Lord, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
5: 12 And I saw that I was with you, and that I was with me, and my children were there, and they were there, and they were still there. Later, I saw them, and they were still alive, and there was no need for them, but the LORD was there, and the LORD was there, and the LORD was there.
6: 12 And he said to the man, "Behold, I will return to the land of the LORD, and I will return to the land of Israel, and I will go to the sea, and I will go back to Me." Then the people of the Philistines came back.
7: 12 Asm֞a At-ha֣is | Lb֣os Hbd֗im As֣r Mmal֮ Lmim֣i Hiar֒ and I֨rm Imin֤o and Smalo֙ Al-hsm֔im and Isb֖a Bh֣i Haol֑m Ci֩ Lmoa֨d Mֽoad֜im and H֗tzi and Ccl֛ot Nf֥tz Id-am-k֖ds Tcl֥inh Cl-aֽlh:
8: 12 And I said, My name is My Lord, and I am not a Father, nor a Father, nor a Lord, nor My Lord, nor My Lord, nor My Lord, nor My Lord.
9: 12 And he said unto you, I pray thee, my lord, I pray thee, that ye may not be satisfied. And the LORD shall be the LORD.
10: 12 Thou shalt not be dismayed; and they shall be crucified, and they shall be crucified, and they shall be destroyed, and the wicked shall be satisfied.
11: 12 And when was the day of Hossam, the day of Thamit, and the day of Shesh, when the people of Sodom died, that they were not, and that they were no more than that, and they were not satisfied.
12: 12 And he gave him the charge, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to the people, and they returned to him, and the three thousand of them were three hundred, and five hundred and fifty.
13: 12 And Thou shalt give thee bread, and loaf the bread, and feed it to thy seed, that is, to the thorns of the water.
‪xxxx    End of Daniel (12 chapters, 357 verses).
