‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.45. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Deuteronomy (34 chapters, 959 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (46 verses)‬
1: 1 A֣lh Hdbr֗im As֨r Db֤r Msh֙ Al-cl-isra֔l Ba֖br Hird֑n Bmdb֡r Bֽarbh֩ M֨ol S֜of Bֽin-far֧n and Bֽin-t֛fl and Lb֥n and Htzr֖t and D֥i Zhֽb:
2: 1 Ah, the son of Asad, the son of Moses, the son of Mordecai, the son of David, the son of Asher, the son of Asher, the captain of the tribe of Kadesh, the son of Berenah,
3: 1 And it was in the four hundred years that Moses was in the midst of the work of the people of Israel, that he was in the midst of the land of the LORD, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, that the LORD commanded them,
4: 1 After that, the commandment came to pass, and the serpent came, saying, Your servant is the LORD, and I am the LORD, and I am the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
5: 1 In the midst of the Jordan, in the land of Moab, the nation of Moses came to Moses, and he brought down the Torah, and he brought this to Amor.
6: 1 The LORD, O God, is our God, and our Lord is our God, and our God is in the midst of the heat, and the greatness of the Lord is in them.
7: 1 Fn֣o | and Sa֣o Lc֗m and B֨ao H֥r Hֽamri֮ and Al-cl-scnio֒ Barb֥h Bh֛r and Bsfl֥h and Bn֖gb and Bh֣of Hi֑m A֤rtz Hֽcnani֙ and Hlbn֔on Ad-hnh֥r Hgd֖l Nhr-frֽt:
8: 1 Ra֛h Nt֥ti Lfnic֖m At-ha֑rtz B֚ao and Rs֣o At-ha֔rtz As֣r Nsb֣a I֠hoh Lab֨tic֜m Labrh֨m Litzh֤k and ֽliakb֙ Lt֣t Lh֔m and Lzra֖m Ahrihֽm:
9: 1 And he said unto them, Behold, in this verse, this is the word of the LORD, and it is not a sign of the LORD, but of God, that is, I have come to thee:
10: 1 The LORD, O God, give them strength, and multiply them, and they will be with you, and they will be given to them, and they will be destroyed, as if they were lying, and the heavens are burning.
11: 1 The LORD, O God, is the LORD, and I am the Father, and I will give them strength; they will not lift you up, but they will be like you once upon a time, and I will bring you up to you as a man, and you shall not be angry with them.
12: 1 I know that I will not be afraid of you, but I will not be afraid of them, and I will not give them to you.
13: 1 Behold, they are wise men: they are wise, and they are wise, and know not; and they shall not return to their captives, and they shall be put to death in their heads.
14: 1 And thou shalt be satisfied with me, and thou shalt say unto him, Surely thou shalt go forth: thou shalt not be afraid to do thy work;
15: 1 and Ak֞h At-ras֣i Sbtic֗m Ans֤im Hcmim֙ and ֽida֔im and At֥n At֛m Ras֖im Alic֑m Sr֨i Alf֜im and Sr֣i Ma֗ot and Sr֤i Hmsim֙ and Sr֣i Asr֔t and Str֖im Lsbticֽm:
16: 1 And I will bring you to the house of your captives, because they are not in the midst of them, but they are not among them, but they are among them, and their judgments are in their judgments, and there is no justice among them, and there is no one among them.
17: 1 Lֽa-tc֨iro Fn֜im Bmsf֗t Ckt֤n Cgdl֙ Tsma֔on L֤a Tg֙oro֙ Mfni-a֔is C֥i Hmsf֖t Lalh֣im H֑oa and Hdbr֙ As֣r Iks֣h Mc֔m Tkrb֥on Al֖i and Smatֽio:
18: 1 And I commanded thee, that thou hast done this thing, that it is not all things, but the word is, that I will do it.
19: 1 and Ns֣a Mhr֗b and N֡lc A֣t Cl-hmdb֣r Hgdol֩ and Hnor֨a Hh֜oa As֣r Rait֗m D֚rc H֣r Hֽamr֔i Cas֥r Tzo֛h Iho֥h Alh֖ino At֑no and Nb֕a A֖d Kd֥s Brnֽa:
20: 1 And he said unto them, Thou shalt not bring them unto them, even unto the people of the Amorites: for as the LORD our God hath given us, they have given us strength.
21: 1 See, behold, ye are the LORD, O God, your God, your face, your face, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
22: 1 and Tkrb֣on Ali֮ Clcm֒ and Tamr֗o Nslh֤h Ansim֙ Lfn֔ino and Ihfro-l֖no At-ha֑rtz and Is֤bo At֙no֙ Db֔r At-hd֙rc֙ As֣r Nalh-b֔h and At֙ Hֽar֔im As֥r Nb֖a Alihֽn:
23: 1 And he went up in the midst of the eyes of the LORD, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to thee, and there was no man, but he did not do anything.
24: 1 And they turned to him, and went up to him, and they came to him, and they came to him, and they came to them, and they went down, and ran away, and they ran away.
25: 1 And he took their hands upon them, and they went out from the mouth of the land, and they rose up against us, and the LORD gave us strength, and the LORD gave us strength.
26: 1 And Abiatham said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not raise up the LORD, O Jehovah, O God;
27: 1 And you shall be astonished in your fear, and you shall say, O God, in the tongue of the LORD, you shall bring us forth, and deliver yourselves out of the land of Egypt, and you shall bring us down to the house of the Amorites, to destroy them.
28: 1 An֣h | An֣hno Al֗im Ahino֩ Hm֨so At-lbb֜no Lam֗r A֣m Gd֤ol and Rm֙ Mm֔no Ar֛im Gdl֥t and Btzor֖t Bsm֑im and Gm-bn֥i Ank֖im Ra֥ino Sֽm:
29: 1 And it came to pass, that I had given them unto them, that they did not go out, and that they were not, and that they were not.
30: 1 The LORD, O God, is the God of you, and the Lord is your God, and your hands are on your knees, and they are not, but they are not, but they are not, but they are not, and they are not, but as they are, I have done them in the wilderness, and they are not in your eyes.
31: 1 and Bmdbr֙ As֣r Ra֔it As֤r Nsac֙ LORD Alh֔ic Cas֥r Isa-a֖is [P] At-bn֑o Bcl-hd֙rc֙ As֣r Hlct֔m Ad-bac֖m Ad-hmk֥om Hzֽh:
32: 1 And this is the day of the day, when the people of Enoch come to them, and the people of the nation are still in their midst: God is their God.
33: 1 Thou shalt go down before thee, because they are in the way of the furnace; for they are not in their place, but for them, they have been given to them, and they have been given to them, so that they may be given to them, and they shall not see them.
34: 1 And Moses, the Lord, brought them down, and brought them to them, and spoke to them, and he took them, and he returned to them, and he returned to Amor.
35: 1 If a man sees a man, he is in man, and he will not lift up the fire, and this is the earth, and this is the land of the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
36: 1 מֽלתּלתת֞ת֞י כה כ֤ל֤ב֤ב בבןנְנְפננ֙ה ה֙ה֤ב֤ב֤בֶנְפננ֙ה ה֙ה֤ל֤ב֤בֶה בה֤ה בה א אהלא֔ה֤ה אֲהתה֤ה֤הֽה אֶה֛א֛ר֛תֽה אְתתה֛ה א֛א֛ר֛ת-אם אְהתה֛א֛ר֛ה אֲלבב דר-בה אְהֽא֛ר֖ה אֲלבבנר-בב֖ב֖ב֖הּה וְלָבננ֑נ֑ה י֕ה֕אןן אֲש֥֥ר֥ל֖ה מלל֖א֖א אח֥ר֥י יְהוֽהה:
37: 1 They also said, "Behold, the LORD is with you, Glory to you, and you shall not be angry with them; neither shall you be afraid."
38: 1 YHWH֤֤֤ ב ב BEN [Q] [n] [p] Nun, the son of David came to you before you, and he came to him, and he came to him, because he was not with him, and he gave birth to him, because he was afraid, and he brought the people of Israel to death.
39: 1 and Tfcm֩ As֨r Amrt֜m Lb֣z Ihi֗h and ֠bnicm As֨r La-ida֤o Hiom֙ T֣ob and R֔a H֖mh Ib֣ao S֑mh and Lh֣m Atn֔nh and H֖m Iirsֽoh: [Q] [n] [p]
40: 1 And ye shall turn away from them, and they shall go, and they shall come to the house of the LORD, and they shall return to the house of Yahweh.
41: 1 and ֽtan֣o | and Tamr֣o Al֗i Htano֮ Lֽihoh֒ An֤hno Nalh֙ and Nlh֔mno Cc֥l Asr-tzo֖no LORD Alh֑ino and ֽthgr֗o A֚is At-cl֣i Mlhmt֔o and Th֖ino Lal֥t Hhֽrh:
42: 1 And the Lord said unto them, O LORD, be unto them, I will give them bread, and they shall not go astray, but they shall not go astray, but they shall not be with me, neither shall I bring them into the land, neither shall I be angry with them, nor shall I be angry with them.
43: 1 And I will bring them to you, and they will not hear them, and they will turn away from me, and I will bring you down. The LORD will be with you, and you will be angry with him, and you will go up to him.
44: 1 And the Amorites said, "Behold, the people of Bihar, the Lord of the LORD, will not be angry with you, nor will they be cursed, but they will be cursed, because as the people have done, they will not be afraid, but they will be destroyed, and they will be destroyed, and they will be crucified in the midst of the fire, even against the wall of Hebron."
45: 1 And you shall be ashamed, and weep for me, and come before me, O Jehovah, and I will not be with you, O LORD, and I will come to you, and I will come to you.
46: 1 And they dwelt in the place of their sanctuary: for many days they were thirsty, so that they might die, that when they sat down, they would return.
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (37 verses)‬
1: 2 And we shall face, and we will bring forth the wickedness of the Lord, the Lord of the LORD, and the Lord of the Universe, as the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the LORD, the Son of God, the Son of the Lord, the Lord, the Day of Mercy, the Fire, the Day of Mercy, and the Lord's Fire.
2: 2 And the LORD said unto him, Behold, I am not a man;
3: 2 For all of them are the people of the people, and they are the people of the land;
4: 2 And the people said to them, Say, Thou shalt not go, but they shall not be put to death, but they shall be gathered together: for they are in the children of Esau, and they are the inhabitants of the land, in the midst of the fire, and of the fire, and of the fire, and of them, and of their inheritance,
5: 2 Do not be arrogant, they are in their midst, because they are not your enemies, but they are your own; they are the people of the land, and the people of the land are the people of the land, and the people of the land.
6: 2 I will not be able to return to you, but I will not give them food, but I will give them food, and I will eat them with food, and I will not give them food, neither shall I be ashamed of them.
7: 2 Ci֩ Iho֨h Alh֜ic Bֽrcc֗ Bcl֙ Mas֣h Id֔c Id֣a Lctc֔ At-hmdb֥r Hgd֖l Hz֑h Z֣h | Arba֣im Sn֗h Iho֤h Alh֙ic֙ Am֔c L֥a Hs֖rt Dbֽr:
8: 2 and ֽnab֞r Ma֧t Ah֣ino Bni-as֗o Hiֽsbim֙ Bsa֔ir Md֙rc֙ Hֽarb֔h Mail֖t and Matzi֣n G֑br S. N֙fn֙ and ֽnab֔r D֖rc Mdb֥r Moaֽb:
9: 2 and I֨amr Iho֜h Al֗i Al-t֙tzr֙ [U] At-moa֔b and Al-ttg֥r B֖m Mlhm֑h C֠i Lֽa-at֨n Lc֤ Mֽartzo֙ Irs֔h C֣i Lbni-l֔ot Nt֥ti At-a֖r Irsֽh:
10: 2 The men came before us, and they sat down in the midst of them: for they were very great, and they were rebellious, and their anger was so great.
11: 2 They were afraid, they were afraid, but they were not like those who were oppressed, and those who loved them cried to them, but they were not.
12: 2 and Bsa֞ir Isb֣o Hhrim֮ Lfnim֒ and Bn֧i As֣o Iֽirs֗om and Ismidom֙ Mfnih֔m and Isb֖o Tht֑m Cas֧r As֣h Isra֗l La֙rtz֙ Irst֔o Asr-nt֥n Iho֖h Lhֽm:
13: 2 And when the people of Kedumim came and went, they came to them, and they went away, and the people went away, and they saw the Nile.
14: 2 and Him֞im Asr-hl֣cno | Mkd֣s Brn֗a A֤d Asr-ab֙rno֙ At-n֣hl Z֔rd Sls֥im and Smn֖h Sn֑h Ad-t֨m Cl-hd֜or Ans֤i Hmlhmh֙ Mk֣rb Hֽmhn֔h Cas֛r Nsb֥a Iho֖h Lhֽm:
15: 2 And the hand of Yahweh came to them, and they were in the house, and they were in the midst of them, and they were not in the house.
16: 2 And it came to pass, when all the men of the men had given up the bread to the mother of the flock,
17: 2 And the LORD spoke unto me, saying unto me, Behold, I am faithful:
18: 2 You are the servant of the Lord, who is the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe.
19: 2 And thou shalt bring up the children of the children of Israel, even the people of the tribe of Nazareth, but they shall not go into the land of Israel, but they shall not enter into the land of the people of Ammon, for thou art the inheritance of the children of Israel; for the children of the children of Israel have given their inheritance.
20: 2 But the people of the land were not afraid, but they were afraid, they were afraid; they were sitting with them; they were afraid, and they were afraid, and they were afraid of them, and they cried out to them, and they were not numbered.
21: 2 And when they were great, they went up, and rebuked them, and they were oppressed, and they were destroyed, because Jehovah was with them, and they were not in their midst, and they were in their midst.
22: 2 As a man, he did as he had done to the children of Israel, but he did not return to the land of Israel, but he did not destroy the people of the land, but the people of Israel were there before them, and the people of Israel were there, and the people of the land were still there, and the people of the land were still there.
23: 2 And the children of Israel, the people of the tribe of Israel, were in the midst of the fortresses, even the mighty ones, the mighty ones, the mighty ones, the mighty ones, the mighty ones, the mighty ones, who destroyed them, and dwelt among them.
24: 2 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not see me; behold, thou shalt give me thy hand in thy hand: thou shalt give him the reins of the sea, and he shall not be put down: and he shall put forth his land, and he shall be with him, and he shall be ashamed, and he shall be glorified in his bread.
25: 2 Behold, this is the day of my life, and I will see you, and I will see your fear, and I will see you, and I will see you before me, and I will not be afraid of you, for I will not be afraid of you.
26: 2 And I will bring it unto you, and it shall come to pass, and I will bring it forth, and I will bring it forth, and I will bring it forth unto you, and I will return to it, and I will return to it.
27: 2 I will bring you forth in thy land, that is, in thy way, unto thee, that is not, neither shall I be cursed, but be filled with water;
28: 2 I will not eat you, but I will give it to you, and I will receive it, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will return to you.
29: 2 Cas֨r Aֽso-l֜i Bn֣i As֗o Hiֽsbim֙ Bsa֔ir and Hm֣oab֔im Hisb֖im Ba֑r A֤d Asֽr-aֽabr֙ At-hird֔n Al-ha֕rtz Asr-iho֥h Alh֖ino Nt֥n Lֽno:
30: 2 And behold, thou shalt not go, but thou shalt not be satisfied with him, because he hath gone astray in the midst of the wickedness of the children of Israel, for he is hard-pressed, because the LORD hath given thee thy spirit, and he hath made his heart, and he hath given it to thee, so that thou mayest keep it in thy hand, as it is because of these things.
31: 2 And the word of the LORD came to me, saying, "Behold, I see thee, behold, I pray thee, I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give him strength."
32: 2 And it came to pass, that they had come out of the sea, and that they had come to him, and they were not with him, and all his people were with them, because they were fighting against them.
33: 2 And ye shall give him strength, O God, O God, our God, to our face, and to thee, and to him, and to him, and to his son, his sons, and to all his people.
34: 2 And he took all his cities in the midst of this time, and they were destroyed, and all the birds were slain, and the women were ashamed, and the heat was gone. So they did not turn us down;
35: 2 The Lord, the Lord, the Father, the Son, the Son of the Father, have given us strength, and have given up the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, and the mountains.
36: 2 Mֽara֡r Asr֩ Al-sft-n֨hl Arn֜n and Ha֨ir As֤r Bn֙hl֙ and Ad-hgla֔d L֤a Hֽith֙ Kri֔h As֥r Sgb֖h Mm֑no At-hc֕l Nt֛n Iho֥h Alh֖ino Lfnֽino:
37: 2 And the children of Ammon were jealous of the children of Ammon: for they were not born, and all the children were born, and the children of the people of Israel were weeping, and the people were crying, and the people were waiting for them, and the LORD commanded them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (29 verses)‬
1: 3 And we, the sons of Israel, and the sons of Israel, went down to the land of the land, and they came to the house of the king, and they came to the land, and they came to him, and they were with him, and he and all his people were there to fight against the LORD.
2: 3 and I֨amr Iho֤h Ali֙ Al-tir֣a At֔o C֣i Bidc֞ Nt֧ti At֛o and At-cl-am֖o and At-artz֑o and As֣it L֔o Cas֣r As֗it Lsihn֙ M֣lc Hֽamr֔i As֥r Ios֖b Bhsbֽon:
3: 3 And the LORD, O God, hath given us strength in our hands, because they have taken away the people of the land, and all the people of his people, and they have made him captive to him, even unto him, that he may not be afraid;
4: 3 And we shall go down all his cities: for this is the time of the people, for they are not the people, but the people of the land of Israel, the people of Israel, are not the people of the land, nor the inhabitants of the land, nor the inhabitants of the land, nor the inhabitants of the land, nor the inhabitants of the land, nor the inhabitants of the land.
5: 3 All of them are awake in the heat of the earth, and the heat of the earth is high, and there is no greatness, but the earth is full of water, and the earth is full of water, and the earth is far from the earth.
6: 3 And you shall be ashamed of them, because as they have done, they have made us sinners: for they are not with you, but they are the people of the wicked, all the mighty, the dead, the men, the women, and the men of the land.
7: 3 And all the people, and all the children of the cities, were brought to adultery for us.
8: 3 And he took it away, and he took it away from Mead, two years ago, so that I might go down, saying, I am saying, I will not go down in the midst of the mountains; but I will not see them, but they will be burned down before the wall.
9: 3 The children of Zidon shall be called unto Zion, and they shall rejoice in the sackcloth of them, and they shall not be put to death; they shall be called unto him, and they shall rejoice.
10: 3 And as for the serpent, the serpent, and all the multitude, and all the sheep, even the thorns of the threshing floor, and Edrei, the cities of Aron.
11: 3 C֣i Rk-a֞og M֣lc Hbs֗n Nsar֮ Mi֣tr Hrfaim֒ Hn֤h Arso֙ A֣rs Brz֔l Hl֣h H֔oa Brb֖t Bn֣i Am֑on T֧sa Am֣ot Arc֗h and Arb֥a Am֛ot Rhb֖h Bamt-aֽis:
12: 3 And this is the way of the earth, that is, that we have made it in the midst of this land, that it is raining, that the people of the land have passed away, and that they have gone out of it, and the mountains of Galilee have been scattered, and their cities have been destroyed, so that they may be destroyed, and that they may be destroyed.
13: 3 And the rest of the hill was full of all the sheep, and it was full of water, and it came to pass, that it was hot, and it was hot, and it was hot, and it was hot, and it was hot, and it was hot, and it was hot, and it was hot with water.
14: 3 Ia֣ir Bn-mns֗h Lkh֙ At-cl-h֣bl Arg֔b Ad-gb֥ol Hgsor֖i and Hmֽact֑i and Ikra֩ At֨m Al-sm֤o At-hbsn֙ Hoֺ֣t Ia֔ir A֖d Hi֥om Hzֽh:
15: 3 And to the king of Galilee, I brought down the valley.
16: 3 And to Leraubeni, [U] and to Gad, I have given up from the flock, and it is not until the beginning of the generations, that thou shalt go up, and go up, and go up, and go up to Jacob, and the children of the tribe of Gibeon;
17: 3 And when they were angry with him, they went down, and went down with them, and raised up their tents, and the children of the tribe of Israel, and they were there, and they were in the midst of them, and there was no god but them.
18: 3 and Atz֣o Atc֔m Ba֥t Hh֖oa Lam֑r LORD Alhic֗m Nt֨n Lc֜m At-ha֤rtz Hzat֙ Lrst֔h Hlotz֣im Tֽabr֗o Lfn֛i Ahic֥m Bnֽi-isra֖l Cl-bni-hֽil:
19: 3 And the Lord shall give them strength, and they shall give thee strength: and they shall bring them to the earth, and they shall be filled with them: for they shall not be able to return to them, but they shall return to them.
20: 3 A֠d Asr-in֨ih Iho֥h | Lֽahicm֮ Ccm֒ and Irs֣o Gm-h֔m At-ha֕rtz As֨r Iho֧h Alhic֛m Nt֥n Lh֖m Ba֣br Hird֑n and Sbt֗m A֚is Lֽirst֔o As֥r Nt֖ti Lcֽm:
21: 3 and At-ihos֣oa Tzo֔iti Ba֥t Hh֖oa Lam֑r Ain֣ic Hra֗t At֩ Cl-as֨r As֜h Iho֤h Alhicm֙ Lsni֙ Hmlc֣im Ha֔lh Cֽn-ias֤h Ihoh֙ Lcl-hmmlc֔ot As֥r At֖h Ab֥r Sֽmh:
22: 3 Do not fear the reproach of the Lord [Q] [n] [v] because the LORD, the Lord, is the God, the one who is with them, the Lord is the One, and they are sent to them.
23: 3 And the sons of Israel came unto the LORD, saying, "Behold, this is the truth."
24: 3 Adn֣i Iho֗h At֤h Hֽhl֙ot֙ Lhra֣ot Aֽt-abdc֔ A֨t-gdlc֔ and At-idc֖ Hhzk֑h As֤r Mi-al֙ Bsm֣im and Ba֔rtz Asr-ias֥h Cmas֖ic and Cgbortֽc:
25: 3 And I saw her, and she saw it, and saw the great tree, which was as it was, in the midst of the hill, which was the thorn of the thorn, and the son of the son of Jonah.
26: 3 And the LORD, the LORD, beware of me, that I may go to the land of Israel, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will go back to you, O LORD, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
27: 3 O Lord, have mercy on the Lord, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth, and the earth, and the earth, and the earth, and the earth, and your eyes, because I am not afraid;
28: 3 And they commanded him, and brought him to him, and brought him to the house, because he was afraid of them, and he went down before him, and this was the same, and it came to pass, and he gave them up, and brought them to the ground, as they saw it, and saw it.
29: 3 And we shall return to the house of Haggai, from Saul;
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (49 verses)‬
1: 4 and At֣h Isra֗l Sm֤a Al-hֽhkim֙ and Al-hmsft֔im As֧r Aֽnc֛i Mlm֥d Atc֖m Las֑ot Lm֣an Tֽhi֗o and Batm֙ and ֽirst֣m At-ha֔rtz As֧r Iho֛h Alh֥i Abtic֖m Nt֥n Lcֽm:
2: 4 L֣a Ts֗fo Al-hdbr֙ As֤r Anci֙ Mtzo֣h Atc֔m and L֥a Tgra֖o Mm֑no Lsm֗r At-mtzoֺt֙ LORD Alֽhic֔m As֥r Anc֖i Mtzo֥h Atcֽm:
3: 4 O you, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, your God, and your Lord.
4: 4 And you, the LORD, are in his presence, God is your God, and they are alive; they are all yours;
5: 4 ר֣֣֣ה לממּ֣דתּת אי אתתככ֗ם חקקּ֙י֙ם אֶתככָּפ֔ט֔י֙ם כֲאששּֽאׁשָּפ֔ט֔י כֲאששֽ֥ה֥ה֣ה֣ה֣ה אללהה֣ה֑ה אְה֣ה֣ה אה אלל֑ה֑י לעע֣ש֣ו֣ותת כה כּ֔א֔ר֔ן אְּאשש֣א֣הותה אשלבא בר הין אֲש֣ר הת הם אֲא֥ר הם אֲאתר הם אתא לְר הם אֲא לְר הם אתא לְר:ם אֲא לְר:ם אתא לְר:ם אתא לְר:ם אתא לְר:ם אתם אֲלרשּֽאֽה:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם:ם
6: 4 and Smrtm֮ and Asitm֒ C֣i H֤oa Hcmtcm֙ and B֣intc֔m Lain֖i Ham֑im As֣r Isma֗on A֚t Cl-hhk֣im Ha֔lh and Amr֗o R֚k Am-hc֣m and Nb֔on Hg֥oi Hgd֖ol Hzֽh:
7: 4 And when they came to Me, they said unto him, Where are the gods of God, that they may not return unto him, that they may not be with thee, O God our God, in all the people of our land?
8: 4 And what is the name of G-d's name, which is great, for which is the law of the law, and it is the law of judgment, and the law of the Torah is the law, and it is the law of the Torah.
9: 4 R֡k Hs֣mr Lc֩ and Sm֨r Nfsc֜ Ma֗d Fn-tsc֨h At-hdbr֜im Asr-ra֣o Ain֗ic and Fn-is֙oro֙ Mlb֣bc֔ C֖l Im֣i Hi֑ic and Hodat֥m Lbn֖ic and Lbn֥i Bnֽic:
10: 4 I֗om As֨r Am֜dt Lfn֨i LORD Alhic֮ Bhrb֒ Bam֨r Iho֜h Al֗i Hkhl-li֙ At-ha֔m and Asma֖m At-dbr֑i As֨r Ilmd֜on Lira֣h At֗i Cl-himim֙ As֨r H֤m Hiim֙ Al-h֣adm֔h and At-bnih֖m Ilmdֽon:
11: 4 And it came to pass, that it was, and it was numbered, and there was a reproach, and the fire was burning, and the fire was burning in the fire, even against the flame of the fire, which was the bread of thy hand, and the grain of the oven.
12: 4 And the LORD spoke unto them, saying, I am unto you, they are not thy servants, but they have been put to death, saying, Thou shalt not hear them, that ye may hear, and that ye shall die: and I will see you, seeing them, and I will not go astray.
13: 4 And Haggadah brought unto him the covenant of the LORD, saying, I pray thee, I pray thee, I will give thee strength, that I may do the work of the LORD, and I will make it to thee, and I will give it to the children of the LORD, and they shall return to the house of the LORD.
14: 4 And behold, the commandment of the LORD, Jehovah, is in the midst of these things, that they may be given to you, that they may be judged and judged, and that they may not do thyself, but when they come, they will not be destroyed, but they shall not be destroyed; but they shall not be transgressed, nor shall they be merciful.
15: 4 And I will keep them from their hands, because they will not see them, because they will not see them, but all my eyes are on them, because I am with you, and I am saying to them, Lord, I am with you, I am with you in the midst of your fear.
16: 4 And the people of the tribe of Anon, and the men of Israel, did not give them the spoils, and they did not give them any food;
17: 4 Thou shalt build all the flesh, that is, as it is in the midst of the earth, all things, and the light of the earth, and the light of the earth, and the light on the earth,
18: 4 Thou shalt build all the vineyards in the earth: thou art full of all the fish, that which is in the breadth of the seed of the earth.
19: 4 and Fn-ts֨a Ain֜ic Hsm֗imh and ֽ֠rait At-hs֨ms and At-hir֜h and At-hcֽocb֗im C֚l Tzb֣a Hsm֔im and Ndht֛ and Hstho֥it Lh֖m and Abdt֑m As֨r Hl֜k Iho֤h Alh֙ic֙ At֔m Lcl֙ Hֽam֔im T֖ht Cl-hsmֽim:
20: 4 And you, the LORD, have received the commandment of the LORD, and you shall bring them out of the land of the land of Galilee, from Egypt to the land of Israel, to the land of Israel, even though they are not worthy of it, because this is their land.
21: 4 and ֽiho֥h Htanf-b֖i [U] Al-dbric֑m and Isb֗a Lblt֤i Abri֙ At-hird֔n and Lblti-ba֙ Al-ha֣rtz Htob֔h Asr֙ LORD Alh֔ic Nt֥n Lc֖ Nhlֽh:
22: 4 But when I die, I die in this way, but I do not see you;
23: 4 Hsmr֣o Lc֗m Fֽn-tscho֙ At-br֤it Ihoh֙ Al֣hic֔m As֥r Cr֖t Amc֑m and Asit֨m Lc֥m F֙sl֙ Tm֣ont C֔l As֥r Tzoc֖ Iho֥h Alhֽic:
24: 4 When the LORD, O God, is with thee, I will consume thee, that I may eat;
25: 4 Cֽi-tol֤id Bnim֙ and Bn֣i Bn֔im and Nosnt֖m Ba֑rtz and Hsht֗m and As֤itm F֙sl֙ Tm֣ont C֔l and Asit֥m Hr֛a Bain֥i Ihoֽh-alh֖ic Lhcaisֽo:
26: 4 Haidti֩ Bc֨m Hi֜om At-hsm֣im and At-ha֗rtz Cֽi-ab֣d Tabdon֮ Mhr֒ Ma֣l Ha֔rtz As֨r At֜m Abr֧im At-hird֛n S֖mh Lrst֑h Lֽa-taric֤n Imim֙ Al֔ih C֥i Hsm֖d Tsmdֽon:
27: 4 And the LORD hath turned away from thee, and they have gone astray, and have remained silent; they have not been numbered; they have been brought to death, but they are not ashamed, but Jehovah is the LORD, and the LORD is your God.
28: 4 And the servants of their fathers, God, did not do what they did, but they did not have a son, but they did not go into the land, but as the people of Israel went on, they did not see them, nor did they enter into the land of Israel, nor did they enter into the land of Israel.
29: 4 And when you asked them, "When you have raised up the LORD, your God is with you, and you will be satisfied, because you will not be rich in all your heart, and in all your soul's eyes."
30: 4 Be careful for you, and your voice will come out, and the voice of the Lord will come to you, and it will come to you in the end, and the day will come, and you shall return to the land of Jehovah, the LORD your God, and I will hear you in the voice of his people.
31: 4 For when I am with you, have mercy on me, O Jehovah, O God, thy God is not your anger, neither shall I be ashamed of thee, neither shall I forget thee, but I will bring thy father to thee, that I will not return to their land.
32: 4 C֣i Sal-na֩ Lim֨im Rֽasn֜im Asr-hi֣o Lfn֗ic Lmn-hiom֙ Asr֩ Br֨a Alh֤im | Adm֙ Al-ha֔rtz and Lmktz֥h Hsm֖im and Ad-ktz֣h Hsm֑im Hnֽhi֗h Cdb֤r Hgdol֙ Hz֔h A֖o Hnsm֥a Cmֽho:
33: 4 The people of Amazah, the people of Israel, have been raised up, and God has not given them up, since he has given up the doctrine of the people, which is as he has done, and has driven him away, and he has revived me.
34: 4 A֣o | Hns֣h Alh֗im L֠boa Lk֨ht L֣o Goi֮ Mk֣rb Goi֒ Bmst֩ Bat֨t and Bmoft֜im and Bmlhm֗h and Bi֤d Hzkh֙ and Bzr֣oa Ntoi֔h and Bmora֖im Gdl֑im C֠cl Asr-as֨h Lc֜m Iho֧h Alhic֛m Bmtzr֖im Lainֽic:
35: 4 You are the one who saw the children of the Lord, because the LORD, the Lord, is the God, and the Lord is no more, but he is more beloved than his children. [U]
36: 4 For from the name of the people, bring the voice of the Lord to the throne of thy Lord, and to the land of thy sight, thou shalt bear witness unto him, the great, the mighty, and speak, and bring him forth, which is your name, because thou hast made him.
37: 4 And thou hast feared that thou hast loved thy father, and he hath rebelled against him in his seed, and after him, he hath cut off his strength, and thy father is in his face, and his power is in him, and the greatness of his strength is from the strait.
38: 4 Behold, they are great; they are great; they are mighty; and they are mighty; they are not from you; they are your faces; they are your enemies; they are yours; they are not your servants; but I will bring them to their land, and I will inherit them.
39: 4 And you shall know that this is the nation, and that you shall return to your heart, so that the LORD, the LORD, is gone, the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the God of the LORD, and the LORD is the one who is with you.
40: 4 and Smrt֞ At-hk֣io and At-mtzoֺt֗io As֨r Anc֤i Mtzoc֙ Hi֔om Asr֙ Iit֣b Lc֔ and Lbn֖ic Ahr֑ic and Lm֨an Tar֤ic Imim֙ Al-h֣adm֔h [Q] [n] [v] As֨r Iho֧h Alh֛ic Nt֥n Lc֖ Cl-himֽim: P.
41: 4 A man, a son of David, a servant of Moses, a man of valor, a man of valor, in the wilderness of Gerard, of Mizrahah, of the tribe of Simeon.
42: 4 And the son of Asher, the son of the king, saw the land of the LORD, and the people of the land, the people of the land, and the people of the land, and they were there.
43: 4 You shall not be ashamed of the people of the wilderness, but of the land of the living, and of the flock of the children of Israel, and of the people of the land of Israel, the children of Israel, and of Giloth, in their captivity;
44: 4 And I saw the Torah, which was that which Moses had given to us, before us, the children of Israel.
45: 4 I am with you, O Lord, and I am a witness to the law, and I am the judge of the court, and I will judge the people of Israel, and the people of Israel shall not be ashamed of them, neither shall I be ashamed of them.
46: 4 Ba֨br Hird֜n Bg֗ia M֚ol B֣it Fa֔or Ba֗rtz Sihn֙ M֣lc Hֽamr֔i As֥r Ios֖b Bhsb֑on As֨r Hc֤h Msh֙ and Bnֽi Isra֔l Btzat֖m Mmtzrֽim:
47: 4 And he took his wife, his wife, and his wife, and his wife, and his wife, and his wife, and his wife, and the children of the children of Israel.
48: 4 From Aro'er, I saw that the people of the tribe of Nahar were burning up, and that they were burning, and they were burning up.
49: 4 And all the children of the tribe of Anbar went up to the land of Jordan, to Mizrah-eahu, and to the west of them, the land of Araba, which was the land of Espado, the city of Phasagah.
‪xxxx  Chapter 5   (33 verses)‬
1: 5 and Ikr֣a Msh֮ Al-cl-isral֒ and I֣amr Alh֗m Sm֤a Isral֙ At-hhk֣im and At-hmsft֔im As֧r Anc֛i Db֥r Baznic֖m Hi֑om and Lmdt֣m At֔m and Smrt֖m Lastֽm:
2: 5 The LORD, O God, is our God, and our Lord is with you, and we are with you in the wilderness.
3: 5 Do not be afraid of our fathers, because the LORD has given birth to this woman, because you are with us, because we are with you, because we are with you, and we are with you, for we are alive.
4: 5 The face of the face of the house of the LORD, the Lord of the Universe, is upon you, and there is no god but you.
5: 5 If I am with you, I will go down between you, O LORD, and be with you, and I will bring you to the house of the LORD, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and the LORD will return to you.
6: 5 I am not worthy of you, O LORD, O God, O God, thy God, I will give thee strength: but I will give thee no more than the seed of the earth: for I will not serve the servant of the LORD.
7: 5 Behold, there is no god but thee: for God is no longer, and they are yet to come before us.
6: 5 Do not go, do not do anything for me, I swear to you, I swear to you, I am the Lord of the worlds, and I am the Lord of the worlds. The Lord is the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds.
9: 5 La-tstho֥֣h Lh֖m֮ and L֣a Tabd֑m֒ C֣i Anc֞i Iho֤h Alh֙ic֙ A֣l Kn֔a F֠kd Aoֺ֨n Ab֧ot Al-bn֛im and Al-sls֥im and Al-rba֖im Lsnaֽ֑i:
10: 5 And when he had made a covenant with him, they went out to him, and loved him not. Lo!
11: 5 Do not be afraid of me, O God, O God, O God, your God is the Lord of the earth, for he is not satisfied; for he is not hungry. Jehovah is the Lord, the Son of the Lord, who is the one who brings the name of his soul to the Lord.
12: 5 The name of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, is the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth,
13: 5 And there was six days, and there was none, and none, and none, and none, nor any other.
14: 5 and I֙om֙ Hsbia֜֔i Sb֖֣t | Liho֖֣h Alh֑֗ic L֣a Tas֣h Cl-mlac֡h At֣h and Bncֽ-obt֣c and Abdcֽ-o֠amtc and Sorc֨ and Hmֽrc֜ and Cl-bhmt֗c and Gֽrc֙ As֣r Bsar֔ic Lm֗an In֛oh Abdc֥ and Amtc֖ Cmֽ֑oc:
15: 5 and Zcrt֞֗ C֣i-a֤֥bd Hi֣֙it֙ | Ba֣rtz Mtzr֔֗im and Itz֨ac֜֩ Iho֤֨h Alh֤֙ic֙ Ms֔m֙ Bi֤֥d Hzk֖h֙ and Bzr֣a Ntoi֑֔h Al-c֗n Tzoc֙ LORD Alh֔ic Las֖ot At-i֥om Hsbֽt: [Q] [n] [p] S.
16: 5 Cb֤d At-ab֙ic֙ and At-am֔c Cas֥r Tzoc֖ LORD Alh֑ic Lm֣an | Iaric֣n Im֗ic and Lm֙an֙ I֣itb L֔c A֚l Hֽadm֔h Asr-iho֥h Alh֖ic Nt֥n Lֽc: S.
17: 5 Do not be angry with me
18: 5 And it came to pass, that is, it is not pleasant;
19: 5 And it came to pass;
20: 5 And it came to pass, that it was not in the land of the land, but in the land of the land of Israel.
21: 5 And behold, Thou shalt not commit adultery, but the wife of Tera, and his wife, Thou shalt bring him back, because thou art not his servant, but his servant, and his servant, and his mother, and his servant, and his guard, and his wife;
22: 5 Aֽt-hdbr֣im Ha֡lh Dbr֩ Iho֨h Al-cl-khlc֜m Bh֗r Mt֤oc Has֙ Hֽan֣n and Hֽarf֔l K֥ol Gd֖ol and L֣a Is֑f and ֽictb֗m Al-sni֙ Lh֣t Abn֔im and ֽitn֖m Alֽi:
23: 5 And there was a man, when he made the noise of the voice, and he gave it to thee, and it came to pass, that it was raining, and he came to him, and came close to them, but to them all, the chief of them was not their captives, and they brought them together.
24: 5 and Tamr֗o H֣n Hra֜no Iho֤h Alh֙ino֙ At-cbd֣o and At-gdl֔o and At-kl֥o Sm֖ano Mt֣oc Ha֑s Hi֤om Hzh֙ Ra֔ino Cֽi-idb֧r Alh֛im At-hֽad֖m and Hֽi:
25: 5 And when the LORD came to him, he came to him, saying, "Behold, I will go to eat." This is the greatness of the greatness: "Behold, this is the people of the people."
26: 5 Behold, thou shalt not be ashamed of all things, but as for the people of Israel, the voice of the Lord is upon them, and the LORD is not the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is my God.
27: 5 Kr֤b Ath֙ and ֽsm֔a A֛t Cl-as֥r Iam֖r LORD Alh֑ino and A֣t | Tdb֣r Al֗ino At֩ Cl-as֨r Idb֜r Iho֧h Alh֛ino Al֖ic and Sm֥ano and Asֽino:
28: 5 and Ism֤a Ihoh֙ At-k֣ol Dbric֔m Bdbrc֖m Al֑i and I֨amr Iho֜h Al֗i S֠mati At-k֨ol Dbr֜i Ha֤m Hzh֙ As֣r Dbr֣o Al֔ic Hit֖ibo Cl-as֥r Dbֽro:
29: 5 And when they were with them, they came to them, and they said to them, Why are they not afraid to see me? And all the people of the wilderness have been put to death, and all the nations have come to Mizan, and their children will return to their land, and their children will return to their land.
30: 5 Blessed are you, who are faithful to them; they are the ones who give them to them;
31: 5 and At֗h Fh֮ Am֣d Amdi֒ and Adbr֣h Al֗ic A֧t Cl-hmtzo֛h and Hhk֥im and Hmsft֖im As֣r Tlmd֑m and As֣o Ba֔rtz As֧r Anc֛i Nt֥n Lh֖m Lrstֽh:
32: 5 And thou shalt keep them to do as they have done, and command them: the LORD, O God, is the God of them, and they are not with you; they are not troubled, but are thirsty, and they are thirsty.
33: 5 In all things that are in the way of the commandment of the LORD, the LORD your God, they have given thee strength; they have given thee strength, and they have given strength to them; and they have given them strength, and they have given them strength, and they have longed for them, and they have come to the earth;
‪xxxx  Chapter 6   (25 verses)‬
1: 6 And behold the commandment, the commandment, the commandment, the law, and the judgment, the commandment, the commandment, the commandment, the commandment, the commandment, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the God, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord.
2: 6 Lm֨an Tir֜a At-iho֣h Alh֗ic L֠smr At-cl-hkt֣io and Mtzoֺtio֮ As֣r Anc֣i Mtzoc֒ Ath֙ and Bnc֣ and Bn-bnc֔ C֖l Im֣i Hi֑ic and Lm֖an Iarc֥n Imֽic:
3: 6 and Smat֤ Isral֙ and Smrt֣ Las֔ot Asr֙ Iit֣b Lc֔ and As֥r Trb֖on Ma֑d Casr֩ Db֨r Iho֜h Alh֤i Abt֙ic֙ L֔c A֛rtz Zb֥t Hl֖b and Dbֽs: P.
4: 6 The name of the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, our Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God,
5: 6 And when thou hast given up the house of Jehovah, behold, God thy God is in all the heart of thy heart, and in all thy mind, and in all things is thy hand.
6: 6 And I will be with you, the LORD, and I will give you up, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength: for I will give you strength for your heart.
7: 6 And you have changed your sons to your sons, and have spoken to them in your presence, because you are in your house, and you have been blessed in your country, and in your memory, and in your presence.
8: 6 And you shall call them, to bring your wives on your hand, and be ye to the rod, for they are not your enemies.
9: 6 And when thou hast written them, even unto the mazuz, thou shalt be your daughter, and thy gate shall be in thee.
10: 6 And Hi֞h C֥i Ibiac֣ | LORD Alh֗ic Al-ha֜rtz As֨r Nsb֧a Labt֛ic Labrh֛m Litzh֥k and ֽliak֖b L֣tt L֑c Ar֛im Gdl֥t and Tb֖t As֥r La-bnֽit:
11: 6 And the children of Israel were full of all good things, and the people of Israel were not full of them, but they were broken, and they went forth, and as a result of them, they went up to the land of Israel, and they did not return to the land, but as they were, they were not.
12: 6 It is to you that the people of Israel have forgotten the LORD, but the people of Israel have become victorious, because they are not in the way of Israel, because they have been slaves.
13: 6 Thou art the God of thy God, Thou shalt not be afraid; and thou shalt worship him, and he shall return to his house, and he shall return to his land.
14: 6 Lo! Thou shalt not go back, but he shall be again, O God, but I will not be afraid of God, but I will go back to you, and I will not be with thee.
15: 6 Wherefore, I pray thee, O son of God, is not thy God, thy God, thy God, thy neighbor, thy God, thy God, thy God, thy God, thy God, is thy God, thy God, thy God, and thy Lord, and thy Lord;
16: 6 Behold, ye have not taken away thy Lord, O God, because ye are as wicked, but have been defeated in their midst.
17: 6 Behold, thou shalt keep the voice of the LORD, the commandment of the LORD, the LORD thy God, and upon him, and his law, and his law;
18: 6 And he did the same thing, and he gave it to him in the sight of the LORD, and he gave it to the people of Israel, so he gave it to you, and he gave it to you, and the LORD gave it to the LORD, and the LORD gave it to him, and he gave it to the LORD for your father's sake.
19: 6 Behold, thou shalt bring all thy heart away from thy face, as as the fire of the LORD is upon the LORD thy God.
20: 6 For your son-in-law, your son, is the son of the king, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David, and the king of Israel.
21: 6 And you said to your son, 'Serve ye servants, for we are not worthy of Pharaoh, because they are in Egypt, and they have brought us out of the land of Egypt, because of the strength of our strength.
22: 6 And the LORD gave them bread, and they were great: they were great, and evil was in the midst of Egypt, and in the midst of the house thereof they dwelt among us.
23: 6 And you, the children of Israel, will be exalted, because they will not go to heaven, but you will not be able to do this, but you will give it to us, and you will bring the land to the ground, as we will return to the land of our fathers.
24: 6 And Jehovah commanded us to do all the laws of the LORD, that he saw to him, that he feared the LORD: God is our God, and our God is the Lord of all nations, and they are all of us, and they are not worthy of our lives, because they are their enemies.
25: 6 And Zedekah, behold, thou shalt be the LORD, that is, let it be so, that it should be done, that it should be done to all the commandment, that it should be brought before us: the LORD is the God of our people, as as the people of Zion have commanded.
‪xxxx  Chapter 7   (26 verses)‬
1: 7 C֤i Ibֽiac֙ LORD Alh֔ic Al-ha֕rtz Asr-at֥h Ba-s֖mh Lrst֑h and Ns֣l Gֽoim-rb֣im | Mfn֡ic Hֽhti֩ and Hgrgs֨i and Hamr֜i and Hcnan֣i and Hfrz֗i and Hֽhoi֙ and Hibos֔i Sba֣h Goi֔m Rb֥im and Atzom֖im Mmֽc:
2: 7 And you gave them up, O LORD, O God, your God is before you, and you have destroyed them, yet they are still in their midst, but you have not yet sold them, because they are not in their own land, and they have not given their inheritance.
3: 7 And you shall not be circumcised, because your daughter is not your daughter, because you are his son, and his daughter is his daughter, so be not your son to be your son.
4: 7 And when the sons of Israel were destroyed, they gave up thy son, and they were not yet another. And they worshiped God, but they were not yet another, and they were afraid of them, even though they were in the midst of them, and your inheritance was a hundred years.
5: 7 For if ye do so, do them of their sacrifices, and they shall not be oppressed, and they shall be steadfast, and they shall return to the fire, and the fire of their captives shall not be broken: and they shall be ashamed, and their mouths shall be burned, and they shall be burned, and they shall be in their beds.
6: 7 When the Holy One, blessed be He, came to him, he said to him, "O God, be your God, your God is in you, in the house of Yahweh, O God, your God, be with him, and I will return to you." "So, I will be with you."
7: 7 Lo, the son of the king, the son of Moses, the son of Jacob, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David;
8: 7 Ci֩ Mֽahb֨t Iho֜h Atc֗m and Msmr֤o [P] [p] [v] At-hsbah֙ As֤r Nsba֙ Lab֣tic֔m Hotz֧ia Iho֛h Atc֖m Bi֣d Hzk֑h and ֽifdc֙ Mb֣it Abd֔im Mi֖d Fra֥h Mֽlc-mtzrֽim:
9: 7 And you shall know that the Lord is your God, O God, the Lord is your God; the Lord is the God, the Lord is the God, the Lord is the One, and He is the One, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful.
10: 7 And when they were ready to commit adultery, they went down to him, to destroy him, and to him he would not go after him, because he was afraid of him, and he went to him, and his face was filled with him.
11: 7 And thou shalt keep the commandment, and the law of the law, and the judgment, and I will judge thee, and I will judge thee, that I may not make thee, that thou mayest be able to do it.
12: 7 and Hi֣h | A֣kb Tsma֗on A֤t Hmsftim֙ Ha֔lh and Smrt֥m and Asit֖m At֑m and Smr֩ Iho֨h Alh֜ic Lc֗ Aֽt-hbrit֙ and At-hh֔sd As֥r Nsb֖a Labtֽic:
13: 7 and Ah֣bc֔ and Brcc֖ and Hrb֑c and Br֣c Frֽi-btnc֣ and Frֽi-a֠dmtc Dg֨nc֜ and Tֽirsc֣ and Itzhr֗c Sgr-alf֙ic֙ and Astr֣t Tzan֔c A֚l Hֽadm֔h Asr-nsb֥a Labt֖ic L֥tt Lֽc:
14: 7 Behold, thou shalt surely be satisfied with me: for all the people of the world shall not be with thee: for there is no god but thee, and thou shalt be afraid of him, and thou shalt not give birth unto thy neighbor.
15: 7 And the voice of the LORD, O LORD, is upon you, and all my ways, and the rain of the rain, the evil of the LORD: but I will not lift up thy hand: but I will bring them forth, and they shall be delivered to you in all your sack.
16: 7 And thou shalt eat all the people of the land, because I am not the LORD, but the LORD thy God is thy God, and they are not their wives; for thou art not with them, but they are not thy servants, but they are their wives; and they are not servants; they are the servants of God; they are the children of them, so that they may not be oppressed.
17: 7 When you say, "Your heart is in your heart, because it is great, for the Lord has given them strength, because I have given it to you from Me, because I am with you, and I will destroy you."
18: 7 Behold, thou shalt not be afraid of them; but they shall not be blessed; but thou shalt not do anything that hath done, O Jehovah, O God, thy God is to Pharaoh, and to all the Egyptians.
19: 7 Hms֨t Hgdl֜t Asr-ra֣o Ain֗ic and Hat֤t and Hmֽftim֙ and Hi֤d Hhzkh֙ and Hzr֣a Hntoi֔h As֥r Hotzֽac֖ LORD Alh֑ic Cֽn-ias֞h Iho֤h Alh֙ic֙ Lcl-h֣am֔im Asr-at֥h Ir֖a Mfnihֽm:
20: 7 And also the Tzar'e answered, "Behold, the LORD is your God, your God, your God, your God, your God, and your people."
21: 7 Behold, thou shalt not bow down from her face; for they are not, O God, O God, thy God is in thee, but thy greatness is great, and great, and great.
22: 7 And the voice of the LORD, O God, is upon thee, O thy God, thou shalt bring away thy face: thou shalt not go out from before thee, but thou shalt not go astray: for thou hast done all things with them, for they are not, and they are not.
23: 7 And you gave them up, O Jehovah, O God, your face is before you, and the earth is gone from them, and they are great, and they are great, because they have lost their sanctity.
24: 7 And you shall not be ashamed of them, but in your hands, and your servants, they have taken their name from the house of the people, and they shall not be afraid; but the man shall not turn away before your face, but your blood shall be turned away from them.
25: 7 Pseil, O God, are ye not to be cast down, but in the midst of them, they are not, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall be crucified, and their hearts shall be filled with them; and you shall take them, for they are not in your hands, but you shall be ashamed of them. Behold, ye shall not go hungry, for the LORD your God is your God.
26: 7 And thou shalt not go to the house of the house of thy house, and thou shalt not be humbled: for as long as thou shalt be satisfied, thou shalt not be satisfied. And thou shalt not be satisfied with me.
‪xxxx  Chapter 8   (20 verses)‬
1: 8 Cl-hmtzo֗h As֨r Anc֧i Mtzoc֛ Hi֖om Tsmr֣on Las֑ot Lm֨an Tֽhi֜on and Rbit֗m and Batm֙ and ֽirst֣m At-ha֔rtz Asr-nsb֥a Iho֖h Labticֽm:
2: 8 and Zcrt֣ At-cl-hd֗rc As֨r Hlֽicc֜ Iho֧h Alh֛ic Z֛h Arba֥im Sn֖h Bmdb֑r Lm֨an Anֽtc֜ Lnsֽtc֗ Ld֜at At-as֧r Bֽlbbc֛ Htsm֥r * ** Mtzoֺt֖io Am-lֽa: commandments
3: 8 and ֽianc֮ and Irabc֒ and Iֽacֽlc֤ At [Q] [n] [p] Hmn֙ As֣r La-id֔at and L֥a Ida֖on Abt֑ic Lm֣an Hodֽac֗ C֠i L֣a Al-hl֤hm Lbdo֙ Ihi֣h Hֽad֔m C֛i Al-cl-motz֥a Fֽi-iho֖h Ihi֥h Hadֽm:
4: 8 Behold, thy voice is not in thee, but thou shalt bring it forth: for it is not thy fault, nor thy anger, nor thy soul, nor thy soul, nor thy soul, nor thy soul, nor thy soul, nor thy soul, nor thy soul;
5: 8 And you shall know with the heart of thy neighbor, because as a man, when a man is angry, a man shall raise up his son, for he is the LORD, O God, thy God is thy God.
6: 8 And when thou hast seen the commandment of the LORD, the LORD thy God is with thee, so that thou shalt not take him in thy way, and see him not, let him go.
7: 8 When the LORD, may God have mercy on you, comes down from your midst, I will go to the land of Toba, where is the land of Israel, and I will not be afraid of you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you.
8: 8 And the commandment of Hitta is the same as that of Shazar, and it is a grain of wheat, and a fig tree, and a vineyard, a tree of olive trees, a vine, and a vineyard.
9: 8 But the land of Asherah was not in the land of Mesopotamia, but the people of Baal Shem-Tov were destroyed, and the people of Israel were not in the land of Israel, but the land of Israel was asunder, and the land of Israel was as it was, and the land of the land was there.
10: 8 And thou shalt eat, and thou shalt return, and thou shalt bring forth thy blessing, O LORD, thy God, thy God, upon the great earth, thou shalt be as great as the seed of thy neighbor.
11: 8 The LORD has given you strength, and you have forgotten your Lord, Lord, your God, and I have given you hope, and I have given up his commandments, and his judgments have been fulfilled, and my statutes have been fulfilled, and I will not be ashamed of you, because I am your enemy.
12: 8 And thou shalt not eat; and thou shalt return, and thou shalt not return;
13: 8 And your countenance shall be victorious, and they shall multiply yourselves: and it shall be done to you, and it shall be brought to you, and it shall be brought to you, and it shall be done to you, which the LORD shall give you.
14: 8 And when they saw you, your heart was with you, and that you had forgotten the LORD, the LORD your God, your kingdom, and your kingdoms, from the land of Israel, from the house of the servants of the LORD.
15: 8 The angel of the Lord is the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World, and of the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World, and the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World, and of the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World, and of the Lord of the World, and of the Lord of the World.
16: 8 The servant is your servant, and he is not a man, nor is he in the midst of the earth, but as a man, he is not unknowable, but he is your father, because he is not your servant, because he is your servant, and he is not your servant, nor your servant, nor your servant, nor your servant, nor your servant.
17: 8 And he said, Behold, I am in thy heart, my strength, and I will make a great thing for thee, and bring it to me, and bring it to me that day.
18: 8 And when thou hast remembered, O Jehovah, O God, thy God, behold, it is not ye, but it is a sign of thee, that it is not enough for you to do this thing, but it is not for the sake of the people; for you have taken the covenant with him, which is the thing that you shall return to your father, so that I may return to this land.
19: 8 and Hi֗h Am-sc֤h Tsch֙ At-iho֣h Alh֔ic and Hֽlct֗ Ahri֙ Alh֣im Ahr֔im and Abdt֖m and Hstho֣it Lh֑m Had֤ti Bcm֙ Hi֔om C֥i Ab֖d Tabdֽon:
20: 8 As for them, I am the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Son, the Father, the Son, the Son, the Son, the Son, the Son, the Son, the Son, the Son, and the Son of God.
‪xxxx  Chapter 9   (29 verses)‬
1: 9 The name of Israel shall be given to you, and you shall not be ashamed of them, but the day of the LORD shall come upon them, that they may not come, that they may be great, but great, and mighty, and mighty, and from them are great cities, great cities, and great cities in the wilderness.
2: 9 The people of Gedolah, Voram, the son of Nun, the son of Anak, the wife of Esau, who was married to him, was married, and she was married to him, and she was married to her.
3: 9 and Idat֣ Hi֗om Ci֩ Iho֨h Alh֜ic Hֽoa-hab֤r Lfn֙ic֙ A֣s Aֽcl֔h H֧oa Ismid֛m and H֥oa Icnia֖m Lfn֑ic and Hֽorst֤m and Hֽabdtm֙ [U] Mh֔r Cas֛r Db֥r Iho֖h Lֽc:
4: 9 Al-tam֣r Blbbc֗ Bhd֣f Ihoh֩ Alh֨ic At֥m | Mlfnic֮ Lamr֒ Btzdkti֙ Hbia֣ni Iho֔h Lr֖st At-ha֣rtz Hz֑at and Brsat֙ Hgoi֣m Ha֔lh Iho֖h Moris֥m Mfnֽic:
5: 9 L֣a Btzdktc֗ and Bi֙sr֙ Lb֣bc֔ At֥h B֖a Lr֣st At-artz֑m C֞i Brsa֣t | Hgoi֣m Ha֗lh Iho֤h Alh֙ic֙ Moris֣m Mfn֔ic and Lm֜an Hk֣im At-hdb֗r As֨r Nsb֤a Ihoh֙ Labt֔ic Labrh֥m Litzh֖k and ֽliakֽb:
6: 9 And you shall know that because they are not in your righteousness, they are yours: Jehovah, O LORD, your God have given you the commandment of the earth, which is good, and this is what you have given to the inheritance of the people, because the people of Israel have been stubborn.
7: 9 Zcr֙ Al-tsc֔h A֧t Asr-hktz֛ft At-iho֥h Alh֖ic Bmdb֑r Lmn-hi֞om Asr-itz֣at | Ma֣rtz Mtzr֗im Ad-bֽacm֙ Ad-hmk֣om Hz֔h Mmr֥im Hiit֖m Am-ihoֽh:
8: 9 And in the midst of the burning, ye shall bring down the LORD, and behold, the LORD will be with you, and they will bring them to your place.
9: 9 Balt֣i Hh֗rh Lk֜ht Loh֤t Hֽabnim֙ Loh֣t Hbr֔it Asr-cr֥t Iho֖h Amc֑m and As֣b Bh֗r Arba֥im Iom֙ and Arba֣im L֔ilh L֚hm L֣a Ac֔lti and M֖im L֥a Stֽiti:
10: 9 and It֨n Iho֜h Al֗i At-sni֙ Loh֣t Hֽabn֔im Ctb֖im Batzb֣a Alh֑im and Alih֗m Cֽcl-hdbr֡im As֣r Dbr֩ Iho֨h Amc֥m Bh֛r Mt֥oc Ha֖s Bi֥om Hkhֽl:
11: 9 And there was a hundred of them, four hundred, four hundred, four hundred, four hundred: they were two hundred, and they were not, but Jehovah, the LORD, was not the one, but the two sons were the sons of the LORD, and they were the sons of the LORD.
12: 9 And the Lord said, O LORD, be unto me, O God, O LORD, be merciful unto me, O LORD, for I am the LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD!
13: 9 And the word of the LORD said unto me, Behold, I am not worthy of thy name, but I have seen it, and I have given it to thee, and this is the people of Cushah.
14: 9 Behold, there is a multitude of them, and they are not, and they have made their name, and they have not taken away from them, and they have been made to die.
15: 9 And Ephan, and Arad, was there: a hundred years old; and he was rebellious; and he was not in the midst of the land; and he was in the midst of the wilderness;
16: 9 And he was afraid, and behold, they were sinners; they were God, and God was their God, and he gave them unto them, and they did them, and they did them, and they did them, as they did unto them, and they gave them unto them, and they gave them unto them.
17: 9 And I will be ashamed of them in the midst of the thorns, and they will not be filled with them, because they have done their hands, and they have gone to their eyes,
18: 9 and ֽatnfl֩ Lfn֨i Iho֜h Crasn֗h Arba֥im Iom֙ and Arba֣im L֔ilh L֚hm L֣a Ac֔lti and M֖im L֣a St֑iti A֤l Cl-htatcm֙ As֣r Htat֔m Las֥ot Hr֛a Bain֥i Iho֖h Lhcaisֽo:
19: 9 When the children of Haggai saw me, they turned away from me, and they turned away from them, and the fire was on them, and the fire was still on them, and the people of Israel were still waiting for them to enter into their land.
20: 9 And behold, the LORD said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not destroy his wickedness; and he shall not be filled with the heat of the earth, nor shall he be satisfied with it. [10] [p] [n] [p]
21: 9 and ֽat-htatc֞m Asr-asit֣m At-ha֗gl Lkhti֮ and Asr֣f At֣o | Bas֒ and Ac֨t At֤o Thon֙ Hit֔b A֥d Asr-d֖k Laf֑r and ֽaslc֙ At-afr֔o Al-hn֖hl Hir֥d Mn-hhֽr:
22: 9 And in the midst of her fear, and in her bedstead, and in the morning she came to the house of the LORD, saying, "Behold, you have given up the house of Yahweh."
23: 9 and Bsl֨h Iho֜h Atc֗m Mkd֤s Brn֙a֙ Lam֔r Alo֙ and Rs֣o At-ha֔rtz As֥r Nt֖ti Lc֑m and Tmr֗o At-f֤i Ihoh֙ Al֣hic֔m and L֤a Hֽamntm֙ L֔o and L֥a Smat֖m Bklֽo:
24: 9 They were rebellious with the people of the LORD, and they were with them, and they were not with you.
25: 9 And the prophet answered him, saying, Behold, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD of hosts, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
26: 9 And he prayed unto the LORD, saying, Behold, I am the LORD, O LORD, O LORD, thou art thy servant, thy servant, and thy inheritance, and thy throne, and I am the wife of the king, and I will bring thee forth with greatness, because thou shalt bring forth the treasure of Egypt, even in the midst of the strength of thy strength.
27: 9 Remember thy servants, and thy servants, to their fathers, and to them, and to the children of Israel, and to the children of Israel, and to the children of the tribe of Judah.
28: 9 Fn-iamr֗o Hartz֮ As֣r Hotzat֣no Msm֒ Mbli֙ Ic֣lt Iho֔h Lhbia֕m Al-ha֖rtz Asr-db֣r Lh֑m and Msnat֣o Aot֔m Hotzia֖m Lhmt֥m Bmdbֽr:
29: 9 And your people will be with me, and I will inherit your land. As for the people of the land, I will give you strength. In the midst of your power, I will go to your house. And I will return to you. "
‪xxxx  Chapter 10   (22 verses)‬
1: 10 This is the meaning of the word, the word of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord.
2: 10 And thou shalt bear witness unto the threshing-in, that thou hast taken the word out: for it is not, that there is a fire on the threshing-floor, that the thorns are not, that when the sabbath shall be restored, they shall be filled with water;
3: 10 And the people of Aron, the children of the tribe of Shatham, and Ephesus, the two saints, were the fathers of the Jordanites, the firstborn of the sons of Israel, and the people of Galilee, and the two of them, the ones who were in the hands of the LORD;
4: 10 Ict֨b Aֽl-hlh֜t Cmct֣b Hras֗on A֚t As֣rt Hdbr֔im As֣r Dbr֩ Iho֨h Alic֥m Bh֛r Mt֥oc Ha֖s Bi֣om Hkh֑l and Itn֥m Iho֖h Alֽi:
5: 10 And the son of Ephrath, and Arad, came out of the house of Hatham, and he rose up, and carried out the sign of the threshing-floor, saying, "Behold, I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you."
6: 10 And the sons of Israel, the children of Joakim, reigned in the midst of the children of Joakim, condemning them for their wickedness, and they were not with Aaron, and they were in the midst of their sackcloth, and they slew them, because of his strength, and in his sons, they were under his control.
7: 10 When they were gone, they went up to the garden of the valley, and the treasure of the tree, the tree of the tree, the tree, the tree of the tree, the tree of the forest.
8: 10 Now, behold, the LORD is the LORD, and the Lord is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD.
9: 10 Therefore, behold, there is no god but God, that is, to him, and to him, and to him, and to his people, and to him, and to him,
10: 10 Anc֞i Am֣dti Bh֗r Cimim֙ Hr֣asn֔im Arba֣im I֔om and Arba֖im L֑ilh and Ism֨a Iho֜h Al֗i G֚m Bf֣am Hh֔oa La-ab֥h Iho֖h Hshitֽc:
11: 10 And the Lord said unto them, O LORD, I pray unto thee, O Lord, I pray thee, that thou mayest be satisfied with me, and I will give thee strength, and I will not be afraid of thee, neither shall I be ashamed of me, nor of me, nor of me, nor of my father, nor of my father, nor of me.
12: 10 Ath֙ Isra֔l M֚h LORD Alh֔ic Sa֖l Mam֑c C֣i Am-l֠irah At-iho֨h Alh֜ic Ll֤ct Bcl-drcio֙ and Lahb֣h At֔o and Lֽabd֙ At-iho֣h Alh֔ic Bcl-lbbc֖ and Bcl-nfsֽc:
13: 10 To destroy the commandment of the LORD, and the law, I will make you stronger: for I am not worthy of thy strength, nor thy strength, nor thy strength, nor thy strength.
14: 10 Behold, the LORD is your God, and thy name is the name of the LORD, and he is the name of the Lord, and all that is with him.
15: 10 Your soul, your soul, your soul, the flesh of the Lord, the Son of God, loves you, and you, and you, and you shall not be ashamed of them, but they will be after them, because they are all the people of all nations, because they are the enemies of this. [U]
16: 10 And you shall not be angry with them, but you shall not be angry with them, nor shall they be angry with them, but they shall not be oppressed.
17: 10 When the LORD came, God said, "Behold, they are the God of God." The LORD said, "Oh, God, have mercy on me." The LORD said, "The Lord is mighty, and He is mighty, and He is mighty, and He is mighty, and He is mighty, and He is mighty, and He is mighty."
18: 10 He did not go out of the house of the captain of the tribe of Israel, nor did he go up against him, nor did he turn away from Gibor, but gave him bread to fight them, and he gave her food.
19: 10 And the children loved Haggard, because they were jealous, and they were in the midst of the land of Egypt.
20: 10 Thou art the God of thy God, Thou shalt not be afraid; but thou shalt worship him, and his heart shall be steadfast, and he shall return in his law, and shall return to him.
21: 10 Thou shalt go out thine own way: and behold, thy God is thy God, which hath made thee, Thou hast dealt with the greatness, and the women of the women, that she hath given him, that which is great, see thy eyes, and thy eyes.
22: 10 In the seventh day, there is no fear of the LORD, but your father is your father, and your people are thirsty. [Q] [n] [p] And the people of your nation have come to you, and the LORD your God is with you, so that you may be blessed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 11   (32 verses)‬
1: 11 And thou hast given the word of the LORD, O God, thy God, and keep thy guardianship, and his law, and his law, and his judgments, and his law, and all his things, and all the nations.
2: 11 ֽidatm֮ Hiom֒ C֣i | L֣a At-bnic֗m As֤r Lֽa-idao֙ and As֣r La-ra֔o At-mos֖r LORD Alhic֑m At-gdl֕o At-ido֙ Hhzk֔h and Zra֖o Hntoiֽh:
3:11 And his daughters, and his wives, and Esau, the son of Esau, the daughter of the children of Nazareth, went up to Pharaoh, and the children of Mizarath, all of them, and to all his land.
4:11 And Asher did as he had done to the king of Galilee, and he gave him strength, and he gave him strength, and he gave him strength, and he gave him strength, and he gave up his life, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
5:11 And he did as he had done unto them, saying unto them, They shall not go down until they come to the land;
6: 11 As֨r As֜h Ldt֣n and Labir֗m Bn֣i Aliab֮ Bn-raobn֒ As֨r Ftzt֤h Ha֙rtz֙ At-f֔ih and Tbla֥m and At-btih֖m and At-ahlih֑m and A֤t Cl-hikom֙ As֣r Brglih֔m Bk֖rb Cl-israֽl:
7:11 For when the men of your eyes will come up against you, behold, ye shall not do all things that are done to me: the LORD is the God of the Lord.
8: 11 and Smrtm֙ At-cl-hmtzo֔h As֛r Anc֥i Mtzoc֖ Hi֑om Lm֣an Thzk֗o and Batm֙ and ֽirst֣m At-ha֔rtz As֥r At֛m Abr֥im S֖mh Lrstֽh:
9: 11 And to Maan, the people of Israel came to him, saying, "The people of Israel have returned to the land, so that the LORD will return to them, and they will return to their land, and they will return to their land, and to Zeraa, there will be no land, no land, no land, no land, no land, no land or land."
10: 11 C֣i Ha֗rtz As֨r At֤h Ba-s֙mh֙ Lrst֔h L֣a Ca֤rtz Mtzr֙im֙ H֔oa As֥r Itzat֖m Ms֑m As֤r Tzra֙ Aֽt-zrac֔ and Hsk֥it Brglc֖ Cg֥n Hirֽk:
11: 11 And the earth was as it had been, but they had not transgressed, but they had been destroyed, and there was no earth; but they were not destroyed, and they were destroyed; and they were not destroyed, and they were torn down, and they were destroyed, and there was no rain.
12: 11 I have no desire, but the LORD, your God, is your God, and I have seen you, and you have given up our eyes. The LORD is your God, your Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord.
13: 11 Hi֗h Am-sm֤a Tsmao֙ Al-mtzoֺt֔i As֧r Anc֛i Mtzo֥h Atc֖m Hi֑om Lahb֞h At-iho֤h Alֽhicm֙ and Labd֔o Bcl-lbbc֖m and Bcl-nfscֽm:
14: 11 And I will give you a rainbow, and I will give it to you, and it will come to pass, and I will give it to you, and I will bring it to you.
15: 11 And I will bring you back to your country, where you will have your bread, and you shall eat it, and I will return to you.
16: 11 And the people of Israel went down to them, and they went to their hearts, and stripped them, and worshiped them: God is not yet, and they are yet to come, and they will be put to death for their own sake.
17: 11 Hr֨h Af-iho֜h Bc֗m and Atz֤r At-hsm֙im֙ and Lֽa-ihi֣h Mt֔r and H֣adm֔h L֥a Tt֖n At-ibol֑h and Abdt֣m Mhr֗h Mal֙ Ha֣rtz Htb֔h As֥r Iho֖h Nt֥n Lcֽm:
18: 11 And I will bring you the word of the LORD, and I will deliver them to your hearts, and to them, and to your hearts, and to them, and to your eyes, and to them, and to your eyes, and to them, and to your eyes, and to your eyes.
19: 11 And if you have taken them, you shall give them to your children, and you shall be blessed with them, because in your captivity you shall be in your house, and you shall be blessed in your country, and your countenance shall be fulfilled, and your presence shall be fulfilled.
20:11 And you shall write about them according to the manner of your dwelling place, and your house and your gates.
Num 21: 11 For the sake of the Lord, multiply them, and give them to them, and they will not be in their midst, but they will not be destroyed, but they will return to their land, and they will return to the land of Israel, and they will return to the land of Israel, and they will return to their land.
22: 11 Ci֩ Am-sm֨r Tsmr֜on At-cl-hmtzo֣h Hz֗at As֧r Anc֛i Mtzo֥h Atc֖m Last֑h Lahb֞h At-iho֧h Alhic֛m Ll֥ct Bcl-drc֖io and Ldbkh-bֽo:
23: 11 And the LORD, the LORD, gave them all their wives, and they brought them forth from their faces, and their inheritance was with them: for they were great, and they were great;
24: 11 Cl-hmk֗om As֨r Tdr֧c Cֽf-rglc֛m B֖o Lc֣m Ihi֑h Mn-hmdb֨r and Hlbn֜on Mn-hnh֣r Nhr-fr֗t and Ad֙ Hi֣m Hֽahr֔on Ihi֖h Gblcֽm:
25: 11 You shall not be ashamed, but the people shall be in your hands, because they are afraid of them, and the children of the children of Israel shall not be put to death, but the LORD shall be with them.
26: 11 Behold, they have given thee strength, because they have given them to thee, and they have given them to their knees, and they have cursed her.
27: 11 And the LORD said unto him, I pray thee, I pray thee, O God, I pray thee, O God, I pray thee, O God, O God, I will give thee strength, and I will give them strength: and I will give thee strength.
28: 11 Hkll֗h Am-l֤a Tsmao֙ Al-mtzoֺt֙ LORD Alֽhic֔m and Srt֣m Mn-hd֔rc As֧r Anc֛i Mtzo֥h Atc֖m Hi֑om Ll֗ct Ahr֛i Alh֥im Ahr֖im As֥r Lֽa-idatֽm: S.
29: 11 Hi֗h C֤i Ibֽiac֙ LORD Alh֔ic Al-ha֕rtz Asr-at֥h Ba-s֖mh Lrst֑h and Ntt֤h At-hbrch֙ Al-h֣r Grz֔im and At-hkll֖h Al-h֥r Aibֽl:
30: 11 Shall I not go to the house of the LORD, for I am not worthy of the LORD, but of the Lord, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, of the seventh day of the seventh month of the seventh month of the month of Adar, the Lord of the heavens, the earth of the earth, of the earth, of the earth, of the earth;
31:11 When ye, then, transgress the Jordan, come not to see that thou hast taken the land, that the LORD your God hath given them, and they have given them to them, and the inheritance thereof is theirs, and it is the inheritance of them that is inhabited by them.
32: 11 And you shall keep them, to do all things, that is, the law of the law, and the judge, because they are not worthy, but they are given to you, because they are their enemies.
‪xxxx  Chapter 12   (31 verses)‬
1: 12 A֠lh Hֽhk֣im and Hmsftim֮ As֣r Tsmr֣on Lasot֒ Ba֕rtz Asr֩ Nt֨n Iho֜h Alh֧i Abt֛ic Lc֖ Lrst֑h Cl-him֔im Asr-at֥m Hi֖im Al-hadmֽh:
2: 12 Ab֣d T֠abdon Aֽt-cl-hmkm֞ot As֧r Aֽbdo-s֣m Hgoi֗m As֥r At֛m Irs֥im At֖m At-alhih֑m Al-hhr֤im Hֽrmim֙ and Al-hgba֔ot and T֖ht Cl-a֥tz Rann: [U]
3: 12 Nttzt֣m At-mzbht֗m [U] and Sbrtm֙ At-mtz֣bt֔m and Asֽrihm֙ Tsrf֣on Ba֔s and Fsil֥i Alֽhih֖m Tgda֑on and Abdt֣m At-sm֔m Mn-hmk֖om Hhֽoa:
4: 12 Lo, I do not do any thing, but God is with you, God is your God.
5: 12 For when I am with them, am I not afraid of the LORD, O God, O God, I am with thee, and it is not with them, but with their captivity, that they have made their name to them, that they may not be saved, and that they will be destroyed;
6: 12 And thou shalt bring them unto them, and they shall come unto thee, and they shall come unto thee, and they shall be given to them, and they shall be given to them, and they shall be given to them: and they shall be destroyed; and they shall be blessed, and they shall guide thee, and they shall be blessed, and they shall be blessed, and they shall be blessed in their land, and they shall be saved.
7: 12 And thou shalt eat them before them, O Jehovah, O God, O God, give them bread, and have given them bread in all things, for it is their bread, and they have given them bread, and they have given them bread, because they have been blessed, and Jehovah has given them to thee.
8: 12 Lo, he did not do anything, but as a man, he did not commit adultery, but he did not commit adultery: for he was a man, and there was no man, but all his life was in his sight.
9: 12 Wherefore, come not unto me, but unto the way, and to the way of the inheritance, that which is Yahweh, is God your God, ye shall give them to you.
10: 12 And thou shalt go up to the Jordan, and thou shalt dwell in them, and in the land, wherewith the LORD, behold, God will bring them down, and they will not be with you, nor will they be consumed by all their enemies, but they shall be turned away, and they shall return to their land.
11: 12 Hi֣h Hmk֗om Asr-ibhr֩ Iho֨h Alhic֥m Bo֙ Lsc֤n Smo֙ S֔m S֣mh Tb֔iao A֛t Cl-as֥r Anc֖i Mtzo֣h Atc֑m Aoltic֣m and Zbhic֗m Masrֽticm֙ and Trm֣t Idc֔m and Cl֙ Mbh֣r Ndric֔m As֥r Tdr֖o Lֽihoֽh:
12: 12 Smht֗m Lfni֮ LORD Alֽhicm֒ At֗m and Bnicm֙ and Bn֣tic֔m and Abdic֖m and Amhtic֑m and Hloi֙ As֣r Bsֽaric֔m C֣i A֥in L֛o H֥lk and Nhl֖h Atcֽm:
13: 12 Thou shalt tell thee, thou shalt not go up thither: thou shalt ascend unto thee in all things, and thou shalt not be afraid;
14: 12 Therefore, if it be with me, that I may be afraid, that the LORD will be with you in the midst of your captivity, that thy name shall be lifted up, and that thy things shall be done, and that it shall be done to them, that it shall be done to them, that I may not be able to do anything.
15: 12 Rk֩ Bcl-ao֨t Nfsc֜ Tzb֣h | and Aclt֣ Bs֗r Cbrc֨t Iho֧h Alh֛ic As֥r Nֽtn-lc֖ Bcl-sar֑ic Htm֤a and Hthor֙ Iacl֔no Ctzb֖i and Caiֽl:
16: 12 Thou shalt not be satisfied with the Lord; but thou shalt not be consumed; for thou shalt not be satisfied with the earth.
17: 12 Lֽa-toc֞l Lac֣l Bsar֗ic Mas֤r Dgֽnc֙ and Tֽirsc֣ and Itzhr֔c and Bcr֥t Bkrc֖ and Tzan֑c and Cl-ndr֙ic֙ As֣r Td֔r and Ndbt֖ic and Trom֥t Idֽc:
18: 12 C֡i Am-lfni֩ Iho֨h Alh֜ic Tacl֗no Bmkom֙ As֨r Ibh֜r LORD Alhic֮ Bo֒ At֨h and Bnc֤ and Bt֙c֙ and Abdc֣ and Amt֔c and Hlo֖i As֣r Bsar֑ic and Smht֗ Lfni֙ LORD Alh֔ic Bc֖l Msl֥h Idֽc:
19: 12 Thou shalt tell thee, thou shalt go forth: thou shalt give up thy heart: all thy eyes shall be upon thee, even upon thine hand.
20: 12 Cֽi-irhib֩ Iho֨h Alh֥ic Aֽt-gbֽolc֮ Cas֣r Dbr-lc֒ and Amrt֙ Acl֣h Bs֔r Cֽi-tao֥h Nfsc֖ Lac֣l Bs֑r Bcl-ao֥t Nfsc֖ Tac֥l Bsֽr:
21: 12 Cֽi-irh֨k Mmc֜ Hmk֗om As֨r Ibh֜r LORD Alhic֮ Ls֣om Sm֣o Sm֒ and Zbht֞ Mbkrc֣ and Mtzֽanc֗ As֨r Nt֤n Ihoh֙ Lc֔ Cas֖r Tzoit֑c and Aֽclt֙ Bsar֔ic Bc֖l Ao֥t Nfsֽc:
22: 12 Thou shalt not be as a thief, because the people of the tribe of Israel have come up against them, and they have been consumed, so that they may be consumed, because they have been cleansed, and they have been put to death.
23: 12 And I will not be afraid, but I will not be afraid of the LORD, but I will not be afraid of them.
24: 12 Lo! Thou shalt not be consumed; for they are against the earth, and they shall shed thee, as they are as they are.
25: 12 Lo! Thou shalt not be consumed; for it is not for thy sake; but thy heart shall return to thee, and thy heart shall be with thee; and thy heart shall be after thee: for I do not do thyself.
26: 12 Thou shalt bring forth thy flesh, thy seed, which is thy seed; for thy sake, it shall be done to thee: and I will bring thee down: thou shalt not go, nor thou shalt bring unto me the thorn of the wicked, that is,
27: 12 And you shall do the work of your Lord, the Lord of the captives, the LORD, and the LORD, the God of the Lord, and the Lord of the earth, and the flesh of the flesh, and of the flesh of thy flesh, and of thy flesh, and of thy flesh;
28: 12 Sm֣r and Smat֗ A֚t Cl-hdbr֣im Ha֔lh As֥r Anc֖i Mtzo֑c Lman֩ Iit֨b Lc֜ and Lbn֤ic Ahr֙ic֙ Ad-aol֔m C֤i Tash֙ Ht֣ob and His֔r Bain֖i Iho֥h Alhֽic: S.
29: 12 When the children of Yacharit came up, the LORD your God, your God, I brought them into the land, and I gave them to you, because they were not your wives, because your wives were before you, and your inheritance was theirs, and you sat down in their land.
30: 12 Hs֣mr Lc֗ Fn-tnks֙ Ahrih֔m Ahr֖i Hsmd֣m Mfn֑ic and Fn-tdr֨s Lֽalhih֜m Lam֨r Aic֨h Iabd֜o Hgoi֤m Ha֙lh֙ At-al֣hih֔m and Aash-c֖n Gm-aֽni:
31: 12 La-tas֣h C֔n Liho֖h Alh֑ic Ci֩ Cl-toab֨t Iho֜h As֣r Sn֗a Aso֙ Lal֣hih֔m C֣i G֤m At-bnihm֙ and At-bn֣tih֔m Isrf֥o Ba֖s Lֽalhihֽm:
‪xxxx  Chapter 13   (19 verses)‬
1:13 All the things of the Lord are as great as I am, but I am not satisfied with them, but I have given them strength, and I will keep them, and I will keep them, and I will not keep them, and I will not lift them up, nor shall I be angry with them.
2: 13 When the children of Israel die, they die in your midst, but they will not die, but they will die, and they will not be destroyed.
3:13 And it came to pass, and the hymn, that the LORD said unto thee, Thou shalt not go down: for it is not for thee, but for after thee, God is not, for I will not be yet again: I will not be afraid of them, neither shall I know them, but they shall not serve them.
4: 13 L֣a Tsm֗a Al-dbri֙ Hnb֣ia Hh֔oa A֛o Al-hol֥m Hhl֖om Hh֑oa C֣i Mns֞h Iho֤h Alֽhicm֙ Atc֔m Ld֗at Hisc֤m Aֽhbim֙ At-iho֣h Alhic֔m Bcl-lbbc֖m and Bcl-nfscֽm:
5:13 After that, the LORD, O God, be with thee, and thou shalt not be oppressed: and thou shalt not let him go, and fear him, and bring him to death, and he shall not be filled with trouble; and he shall not be afraid; and he shall not be filled with trouble; and he shall be filled with his desire, and his will shall be steadfast.
6: 13 Hnb֣ia Hh֡oa A֣o Hlm֩ Hhl֨om Hh֜oa Iom֗t C֣i Dbr-s֠rh Al-iho֨h Alֽhic֜m Hmotz֥ia Atc֣m | Ma֣rtz Mtzr֗im and Hfֽdc֙ Mb֣it Abd֔im Lhdֽihc֙ Mn-hd֔rc As֧r Tzoc֛ Iho֥h Alh֖ic Ll֣ct B֑h and Bֽart֥ Hr֖a Mkrbֽc:
7: 13 C֣i Isֽitc֡ Ah֣ic Bn-a֠mc Aֽo-bnc֨ Aֽo-btc֜ A֣o | A֣st Hik֗c A֧o Rֽac֛ As֥r Cnfsc֖ Bs֣tr Lam֑r Nֽlc֗h and Nֽabdh֙ Alh֣im Ahr֔im Asr֙ L֣a Id֔at At֖h and Abtֽic:
8: 13 From God, I am the LORD, and I am with you, that is, I will be with you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you.
9: 13 Thou shalt not desire it, but it shall not be filled with it, nor shall it be filled with it; nor shall it be oppressed, nor oppressed, nor transgressed against it, neither shall it be transgressed, nor shall it be defiled, neither shall it be consumed.
10: 13 When the man is angry with him, he is angry with you, and he is with you, and he is with you, and he is with you, and you are not afraid of him, because you are afraid of him, because you have killed him, and all of you have been late.
11:13 13 And thou shalt take it in the hearts of the children, and it shall be so, that it may be brought to the LORD, for it is your inheritance, even above, for Jehovah, O God, is thy God, thy God, and thy kingdom, even from the midst of the earth, even from the midst of everlasting work.
12:13 13 And all Israel shall hear the voice of the LORD, and it shall be taken to pass, and they shall not be put to death, nor shall they be made to be like the Lord.
13:13 When you shall be satisfied with your brother, who is your lord, who is with you, who is the LORD, O God, your God, they are your wives, because they are yours, because they are not worthy of them.
14: 13 The people of Israel went out; they were not with me; they were not with you, but they were not with you; they brought you up, and raised up the inhabitants of the city, their cities, and the people of Israel, and the people of the land.
15: 13 Thou shalt go down, and thou shalt surely bow down. [U] And thou shalt not be dismayed, and behold, thou art truthful: thou shalt not bear witness, but thou shalt not go down, and thou shalt not be satisfied with thy neighbor.
16: 13 Behold, thou shalt give up the LORD, that is, return to me, that is, the light, that is, that it is to the mouth of the sword, and that it shall be all the seed, and all that is with it, and it shall be given to it,
17: 13 At-cl-sll֗h Tkbtz֮ Al-t֣oc Rhbh֒ and Srft֨ Ba֜s At-ha֤ir and At-cl-sllh֙ Cl֔il Liho֖h Alh֑ic and Hith֙ T֣l Aol֔m L֥a Tbn֖h Aֽod:
18: 13 Lֽa-idb֧k Bidc֛ Ma֖omh Mn-hh֑rm Lman֩ Is֨ob Iho֜h Mhr֣on Af֗o and Nֽtn-lc֤ Rhmim֙ and Rֽhmc֣ and Hrb֔c Cas֥r Nsb֖a Labtֽic:
19:13 When ye shall be filled with the voice of the LORD, O LORD, be with me, O God, keep thy promise, and thou shalt go all out of the land, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will not be with thee, for I will bring thee into the house of the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 14   (29 verses)‬
1: 14 You have built them up, and they have not seen them, but God has given them to them, and they have not received them, nor have they been given to them.
2: 14 When the Holy One, blessed be He, came to him, he said to him, "O God, your God is your God, and your Lord is in the house of Yahweh." He said to him, "I am the Lord of the worlds," and he said to him, "Come on, I will be with you." So, I said to him, "This is the day of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe."
3:14 Do not be consumed by all the taweebahs.
4: 14 Then I brought the bread to the table, and the fruit of it was consumed, and there was no wine, but there was no wine, and there was no bread.
5:14 And the children of Zechariah, and Zachavim, and Ahram, and Zach, and Dedesh, and Zaman, and Zazmer.
6:14 And all the people of the land of Israel were scattered about the land of Persia, and the land of Israel was destroyed, and the people of Israel were destroyed.
7: 14 A֣c At-z֞h L֤a Tֽaclo֙ Mmֽal֣i Hgr֔h and Mmfris֥i Hfrs֖h Hssoa֑h Aֽt-h֠gml and At-harn֨bt and At-hsf֜n Cֽi-mal֧h Gr֣h H֗mh and Frsh֙ L֣a Hfr֔iso Tma֥im H֖m Lcֽm:
8: 14 And he returned to the captivity, so that he might not be afraid of the prey, for he was a man, but he was not a stranger, but he was not a man, but he was a servant of the flesh; but he was not consumed, and he was consumed by them.
9: 14 Thou shalt not eat the fruit of it; but it is not as a thorn, but it is as it is.
10: 14 And as for him, he hath given him the light of the sun, and the scepter, and the sackcloth, that thou shalt not eat;
11: 14 All things shall be clean, and thou shalt be consumed;
12: 14 And, behold, Esau, he was not consumed, but he was not with him; for he was good, and he was a great man, and he gave me strength.
13:14 And the shepherd saw him, and he saw her, and said, "Behold, I will go to her right hand."
14: 14 And all the men of the flock went to his right hand.
15: 14 And the daughter of the captain of the tribe of Judah, and the king of Judah, and the thorns of the sword, and the thieves, were appointed to his right hand.
16: 14 And the threshing-board, and the jinns, and the trespasser;
17: 14 And the voice came, and the spirit of the wind was upon you, and on the hand of your hand.
18:14 And Ahasidah, the son of the king, and the Anapheite, went to the right hand, and the dukes, and the thieves, and the men.
19: 14 And all the children of the flock of the children of Israel were baptized, and they were not numbered for them, but they were not consumed by them.
Num 20:14 All of the children of the tribe of Kohler of Thukhulah:
21: 14 L֣a Tacl֣o Cl-n֠blh Lg֨r Asr-bsar֜ic Ttn֣nh and Acl֗h A֤o Mcr֙ Lncr֔i C֣i A֤m Kdos֙ At֔h Liho֖h Alh֑ic Lֽa-tbs֥l Gd֖i Bhl֥b Amֽo: P.
22: 14 Do as many things as thou hast done, so that all things may come to you, that is, the seed of thy seed, that is, the earth, that is, the earth;
23: 14 Aclt֞ Lfn֣i | LORD Alh֗ic Bmk֣om Asr-ibhr֮ Lsc֣n Sm֣o Sm֒ Mas֤r Dgֽnc֙ Tֽirsc֣ and Itzhr֔c and Bcr֥t Bkrc֖ and Tzan֑c Lm֣an Tlm֗d Lira֛h At-iho֥h Alh֖ic Cl-himֽim:
24: 14 Cֽi-irb֨h Mmc֜ Hd֗rc C֣i L֣a Toc֘l [U] Sato֒ Cֽi-irh֤k Mmc֙ Hmk֔om As֤r Ibhr֙ LORD Alh֔ic Ls֥om Sm֖o S֑m C֥i Ibrcc֖ Iho֥h Alhֽic:
25: 14 And thou shalt give it to me that is in the midst of the sorrows, and thou shalt consume it, that is, the cup of salt in thy hand, and it shall come to thee, and I will go down to the thorn, and loosen it: as it is, I will bring forth the LORD thy God, thy God thy God.
26: 14 Ntt֣h Hc֡sf Bcl֩ Asr-tao֨h Nfsc֜ Bbk֣r and Btz֗an and Bi֙in֙ and Bsc֔r and Bc֛l As֥r Tֽsalc֖ Nfs֑c and Ac֣lt S֗m Lfni֙ LORD Alh֔ic and Smht֖ At֥h and Bitֽc:
27: 14 And these are the things which are in your hair, and they are not, nor are they, that are left, but that they are not; for they are not, but they are not, and they are not.
28: 14 It is a commandment of the Lord, that I have given up two things, that thou shalt give up all things, that thou shalt bear thy inheritance, that thou shalt be satisfied with it, and that thou shalt be satisfied in thy gates.
29: 14 B֣a Hlo֡i C֣i Aֽin-lo֩ H֨lk and Nhl֜h Am֗c and ֠hgr and Hit֤om and Hֽalmnh֙ As֣r Bsar֔ic and Acl֖o and Sb֑ao Lm֤an Ibrcc֙ LORD Alh֔ic Bcl-mas֥h Idc֖ As֥r Tasֽh: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 15   (23 verses)‬
1: 15 It is a source of wisdom that the people of the world have done.
2: 15 And this is the commandment of the Lord, the Lord of the heavens, the name of the name of all the people of Israel, and of the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
3: 15 Thou shalt be glad, and thy wife shall give thee strength: and thou shalt bring thy brother to thy throne;
4:15 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be afraid, O son of thee; for thou hast borne witness, because thou art ignorant, because thy neighbor is blessed. Jehovah, hath he come in the midst of the earth, wherewith the LORD hath come, O God, thy God, thy God, is thy inheritance, and thy inheritance, and thy inheritance;
5:15 The LORD, the Lord of the heavens, shall not go down: let the LORD come to you, O LORD, O God, be thy God, and make it easy to do all the things of the commandment, that is, I will give you strength, and I will give you strength.
6: 15 Cֽi-iho֤h Alh֙ic֙ Bֽrcc֔ Cas֖r Dbr-l֑c and Hֽabtt֞ Goi֣m Rb֗im and Ath֙ L֣a Tab֔t and Mֽslt֙ Bgoi֣m Rb֔im and Bc֖ L֥a Imsֽlo: S.
7: 15 Cֽi-ihih֩ Bc֨ Abi֜on Mah֤d Ah֙ic֙ Bah֣d Sar֔ic Ba֨rtzc֔ Asr-iho֥h Alh֖ic Nt֣n L֑c L֧a Tam֣tz At-lbbc֗ and L֤a Tkftz֙ At-i֣dc֔ Mah֖ic Habiֽon:
8: 15 And when thou wast afraid, thou shalt put away thy hands, even unto him, and thou shalt bring up the tithe: for I am not worthy of him, but I am ashamed of him;
9: 15 Hs֣mr Lc֡ Fn-ihi֣h Dbr֩ Am-lbbc֨ Bli֜al Lam֗r Kֽrb֣h Snֽt-hsba֮ Sn֣t Hsmth֒ and Ra֣h Aֽinc֗ Bah֙ic֙ Hֽabi֔on and L֥a Tt֖n L֑o and Kr֤a Al֙ic֙ Al-iho֔h and Hi֥h Bc֖ Hֽta:
10: 15 And you shall give it to the LORD, and it shall not be your inheritance, but your heart shall be in your daughter, even if you are in the house of the LORD, and it shall be with you, for it is in the house of the LORD, and it shall be with thee, O LORD thy God.
11: 15 Therefore, do not be afraid of me, because I am not in the midst of the earth, because so am I, that I may beseech thee, and I will not be afraid of you, nor shall I be afraid of thee, but I will give thee strength to thy neighbor, and I will give thee strength to thy neighbor, and to thee, to thy fathers, and to thy fathers in thy land.
12: 15 So that the LORD be with you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
13: 15 And the people of Teshlach, who are free, are afraid of you; they are not your servants; they are not sent away, but they are empty.
14: 15 Thou shalt give thee thy bread, and thy bread, and thy bread, and thy bread, and thy bread, and thy bread, and thy bread, and thy bread,
15:15 And you shall remember that when you were in the midst of the wilderness, you were in the midst of Egypt, and your name was destroyed. Jehovah, O God, is your God, your God, because so are you, I am with you, and I will bring you to the Lord, and this is the land of the LORD.
16: 15 And there was a covenant, because the LORD believed in you, and he said unto you, Behold, I will not be afraid of thy people; for I will not see thee in thy house, nor thy house, because thou art afraid of him, because thou art with him.
17: 15 And thou shalt take the matzah, and give it to us in the ear, and it shall come to thee, and it shall be unto thee, that it shall be done to them, and it shall be done to them: and it shall be done to thy mother: do not do so.
18: 15 La-iks֣h Bain֗c Bslֽhc֙ At֤o Hfsi֙ Mֽam֔c C֗i Msnh֙ Sc֣r Sc֔ir Abֽdc֖ S֣s Sn֑im and Bֽrcc֙ LORD Alh֔ic Bc֖l As֥r Tasֽh: P.
19: 15 As for all the children of Israel, who are in the midst of you, and your descendants are in the midst of your land, and your descendants are victorious, for the LORD is your God, your God is not your servant, but you are in the midst of your righteousness, and you shall not be ashamed of yourselves.
20:15 Before Jehovah, O God, be with thee, thou art consumed; for we are not in the same place;
21: 15 And it shall come to pass, that it shall come to pass, and it shall be given to the people of Israel, and it shall be given to them;
22: 15 In your hair you shall be consumed, but the impurity is not, and the one who is clean is the one who is alone.
23: 15 And if thou shalt give up thy blood, thou shalt not be consumed; for thou shalt not be consumed;
‪xxxx  Chapter 16   (22 verses)‬
1: 16 Behold, thou hast lifted up the house of the father of Gibeah, and doeth the house of the LORD unto thee, O God, thy God, because thou art in the midst of the earth, and thou shalt not be afraid, for the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is thy God, and thy God is with thee.
2:16 And Zebathah gave him bread to the LORD, because God is your God, and he is the captain of the house, and the house of the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD.
3: 16 La-tac֤l Alio֙ Hm֔tz Sba֥t Im֛im Tֽacl-al֥io Mtz֖ot L֣hm A֑ni C֣i Bhfz֗on Itz֙at֙ Ma֣rtz Mtzr֔im Lm֣an Tzcr֔ [Q] [c] [n] At-i֤om Tzֽatc֙ Ma֣rtz Mtzr֔im C֖l Im֥i Hiֽic:
4:16 And this is not your name, but it is for you, that it is not in all your possessions, that it is seven hundred days, and that it is not, and that it is not because of the flesh, but as the seed of the flesh, and in the heart of the earth.
5: 16 Lo, it is not possible for you to bring the flame of the fire to the other side of your hair, which the LORD your God has given you.
16: 16 For when I am with them, I will not be afraid of the LORD, but God is your God, and I will give thee strength; for I will give you strength; and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength.
7: 16 And when you were ready, I saw you, and I saw you in the depths of the sea, and I said unto you, Behold, Yahweh, O God, be with thee, and with thee, and thou shalt be in the midst of the cold, and thou shalt go to the house of thy God.
8: 16 And there was a six-day feast, and the food was consumed, and it came to pass, the sixth day, and the LORD gave it to the LORD, and the LORD gave it to thee, and the LORD did not make it to thee.
9: 16 And when he was satisfied, he said unto him, Thou shalt not return to the house of the king, but the vineyard shall be in the midst of the vineyard, and shall not be filled with the sabbath, nor shall the sabbath be satisfied.
10: 16 And he did it, and he went to the house of the LORD, and he returned to him, saying, God is your God, your Lord, I will give you your inheritance, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
11: 16 Smht֞ Lfn֣i | LORD Alh֗ic At֨h and Bnc֣ and Btc֮ and Abdc֣ and Amtc֒ and Hloi֙ As֣r Bsar֔ic and Hg֛r and Hit֥om and Halmn֖h As֣r Bkrb֑c Bmk֗om As֤r Ibhr֙ LORD Alh֔ic Lsc֥n Sm֖o Sֽm:
12: 16 And I remembered that I remembered that because I was afraid of you in Egypt, and I kept my promise, and I did the same thing.
13: 16 And he that hath made thee, hath done thee, he hath given thee, that is, seven hundred, seven hundred, seven hundred, forty-nine, thirty-nine, thirty-nine, thirty-nine.
14: 16 And you shall be glad in your feast, thou art, and thy son, and thy daughter, and thy servant, and thy mother, and thy servants, and the children, and the Hagar, and the children of the children, and the widow, the wife of Asher, is in thy hair.
15: 16 Sba֣t Im֗im Thg֙ Liho֣h Alh֔ic Bmk֖om Asr-ibh֣r Iho֑h C֣i Ibrcc֞ LORD Alh֗ic Bc֤l Tboaֽtc֙ and Bcl֙ Mas֣h Id֔ic and Hi֖it A֥c Smֽh:
16: 16 Sl֣os Fam֣im | Bsn֡h Ira֨h Cl-zcorc֜ At-fn֣i | LORD Alh֗ic Bmkom֙ As֣r Ibh֔r Bh֧g Hmtz֛ot and Bh֥g Hsba֖ot and Bh֣g Hsc֑ot and L֧a Ira֛h At-fn֥i Iho֖h Rikֽm:
17: 16 Is there a man, as thou hast given the hand of his hand, as the blessing of the LORD, O God, is thy God, thy name is Esher, the son of Nathan,
18: 16 Behold, I will judge you, and I will judge you, and I will judge you in the midst of all your gates. As for the LORD, the LORD is your God, your God is your inheritance, because you have the right to choose your own tribe, and you will judge the people of the land.
19: 16 You have not given a gift to the Lord, and you have not seen it, and you are not afraid of it, for there is no one who is afraid of evil, but the one who is weak is the one who is afraid of evil, the wise, the wise, the wise, the wise, the mighty, the mighty, the merciful.
20: 16 And you shall not go down to Meath; but thou shalt be alive; and thou shalt inherit the land of the land, which the LORD thy God shall give thee.
21: 16 And I will not let you go, but I will make you happy. All of you shall not be afraid of the altar of the LORD. God is the LORD your God. As for the people of Israel, I do not do anything.
22: 16 And they said unto him, Thou shalt not bring unto thee the commandment of the people: but as for the people of Israel, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD is your God.
‪xxxx  Chapter 17   (20 verses)‬
1: 17 Do not give up to God, God is your God, your Lord is the Lord, and the Lord is the Lord, and the Lord is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord.
2: 17 Cֽi-imtz֤a Bkrbc֙ Bah֣d Sar֔ic Asr-iho֥h Alh֖ic Nt֣n L֑c A֣is Ao-as֗h As֨r Ias֧h At-hr֛a Bain֥i Ihoֽh-alh֖ic Lab֥r Britֽo:
3:17 And it came to pass, and they went to work; God turned to them, and afterward they were not, and they gave their inheritance to them, and to them, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, to him, to him, to him, to him, to him;
4:17 And your glory is upon you, and the name of the Lord is the Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
5: 17 Hֽotzat֣ At-ha֣is Hh֡oa Ao֩ At-has֨h Hh֜oa As֣r A֠so At-hdb֨r Hr֤a Hzh֙ Al-sar֔ic At-ha֕is A֖o At-has֑h and Sklt֥m Babn֖im and Mֽto:
6: 17 By the way of the people of the land, there is no god but God: for there is no god but God, for there is no god but God, for there is no god but God, and there is no god but God.
7:17 And the Lord, the witness, shall be his daughter, and he shall be his daughter, and he shall be his mother, and she shall be his mother; and all the children of the world shall be late.
8: 17 C֣i Ifla֩ Mmc֨ [C] [c] Db֜r Lmsf֗t Bֽin-d֨m | Ld֜m Bֽin-d֣in Ld֗in and B֥in N֙ga֙ Ln֔ga ​​Dbr֥i Rib֖t Bsar֑ic and Kmt֣ and Al֔it Al-hmk֔om As֥r Ibh֛r Iho֥h Alh֖ic Bֽo:
9:17 And when you came to the priests, they were the same, and they came to the tribe of Asheth, which was in the midst of them, and they were with them, and they turned away from you, and turned them away to you, so that the fire of the fire came down to the court.
10: 17 And he did the work of the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
11: 17 For the sake of the Torah, I say unto thee, Honor thy voice, and unto the judge that says unto thee, Thou shalt not do thyself: for thou shalt not be afraid of the Lord, but that which is mighty shall be for thee, that ye may die, and that he may be saved.
12: 17 Ha֞is Asr-ias֣h Bzd֗on Lblt֨i Sm֤a Al-hchn֙ Ham֞d Ls֤rt Sm֙ At-iho֣h Alh֔ic A֖o Al-hsf֑t and Mt֙ Ha֣is Hh֔oa and Bֽart֥ Hr֖a Misraֽl:
13:17 And all the wicked shall hear it: and they shall be afraid; and they shall not be afraid.
14: 17 Cֽi-tb֣a Al-ha֗rtz As֨r Iho֤h Alh֙ic֙ Nt֣n L֔c and ֽirst֖h and Is֣bth B֑h and Amrt֗ As֤imh Ali֙ M֔lc Ccl-hgoi֖m As֥r Sbibtֽi:
15: 17 S֣om Ts֤im Al֙ic֙ M֔lc As֥r Ibh֛r Iho֥h Alh֖ic B֑o Mk֣rb Ah֗ic Ts֤im Al֙ic֙ M֔lc L֣a Toc֗l Lt֤t Al֙ic֙ A֣is Ncr֔i As֥r Lֽa-ah֖ic Hֽoa:
16: 17 He was not alone; he was not with him; he was a man of the people, and he turned the people away from the people of Egypt, to the people of Israel, to the LORD, and to the people of Israel, and to them, to the LORD, to the people of Israel, to the land of Israel, to the land of Israel, to the land of Israel.
17: 17 And he said unto him, Bring him up, he shall not be afraid; and he shall not be dismayed, nor shall he be dismayed by his heart, nor shall he be crucified. And he shall not be angry; neither shall he reprove him, neither shall he be afraid of him.
18:17 17 And he, behold, as he sat down, he made him full of money, and he poured out his money, and gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to the people of the land.
19: 17 Hit֣h Am֔o and K֥ra B֖o Cl-im֣i Hi֑io Lm֣an Ilm֗d Lirah֙ At-iho֣h Alh֔io L֠smr Aֽt-cl-dbr֞i Htor֥h Hz֛at and At-hhk֥im Ha֖lh Lastֽm:
20: 17 You shall not be ashamed of his heart, nor of his heart, nor of his heart, nor of your heart, nor of your heart, nor of your strength, nor of your strength, nor of your strength, nor of your strength, nor of your strength, nor of your strength, nor of your strength, nor of your strength, nor of your strength.
‪xxxx  Chapter 18   (22 verses)‬
1: 18 Lo, behold, the sons of Levi, the sons of Levi, were all the children of the tribe of Levi, and the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel.
2: 18 And Nahalah was not his son; he was his son, because he was in the midst of his brother. Jehovah was the LORD, and the LORD was his servant, and he was his servant. As for the people of Israel, he spoke to him.
3:18 And behold, there shall be a multitude of things that are coming out of the house of the wicked, because of the sacrifice of the sacrificed ones, that is, that is, that is, if it is not, then it shall be given to them, and it shall be given to them, that is, the zodiac, and the living things, and they that have given it to them.
4: 18 The first wife of the king is your master, who is your master, and your name is yours, and your first wife is your son, and your son is your son.
5:18 When he was in the house of the LORD, he said, O LORD, the LORD is your God, so that you may return to the house of God in the name of the LORD, and he shall be his son, and his son shall be all the children of the LORD.
6: 18 And the sons of Yavo, the children of the Levites, were numbered of the people of Israel, and the people of Israel were so great that the people of Israel were not there, and that they came to the land of Baal-Elohim, so that they would not go to the house of the Amalekites, because the people of Yahweh would be destroyed.
7:18 And the servants were in their midst, the LORD, the God of his brethren, as all his brethren, and the God of them, and they were still, because they were not in the presence of the LORD.
8: 18 He that hath the power of the LORD shall be consumed;
9:18 When thou hast come to me, I pray thee, thou art not the LORD, but the LORD thy God is thy God, and they have given thee strength, and they have not gone to the house of the LORD;
10: 18 Lo, I am not afraid of you, but I do not know what you are doing, but I do not know what you are doing. You are not afraid of them.
11: 18 And the son of Habbar rebuked them, and he went astray, and went away, and they became aware of them, and they went to the houses of the dead.
12: 18 When the LORD, the Lord, is full of all things, he hath made it up to you, and he hath redeemed the lust of the LORD, O God, the LORD is your God, your God, and your Lord, your soul, your soul, your face.
13: 18 Thou shalt not give up thy bread: for the LORD is with thee, O God, thy God is thy God.
14: 18 For, behold, I have given them to the LORD, and I have sent them to you, but they have not been given to them, but they have not gone astray, and they have not come to them;
15: 18 Nabi, it is your closeness, because of your brother, because I am not worthy of you, because I am your God.
16: 18 Cc֨l Asr-sa֜lt Ma֨m Iho֤h Alh֙ic֙ Bhr֔b Bi֥om Hkh֖l Lam֑r L֣a As֗f Lsm֙a֙ At-kol֙ LORD Alh֔i and At-ha֨s Hgdl֥h Hz֛at Lֽa-ara֥h A֖od and L֥a Amֽot:
17:18 And the Lord said unto him, Behold, Elohim, hath been his heart;
18: 18 Nabi, they are the sons of Abraham, because they have not given birth to their brethren, but they have been with thee, and they have given it unto me. My words are in their mouths, and I am saying unto them, Where are all these things?
19:18 And the man, the man, was married; he was not a man; he was not a man; he was a servant of God, and he was a man of his own.
20:18 Is your son, the prophet, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, and a woman;
21: 18 And I said, Thou shalt not see in thy heart, O LORD, that thou shalt fear the Lord, but that which is not, he is not spoken;
22: 18 Asr֩ Idb֨r Hnb֜ia Bs֣m Iho֗h and Lֽa-ihi֤h Hdbr֙ and L֣a Ib֔oa H֣oa Hdb֔r As֥r La-dbr֖o Iho֑h Bzdon֙ Dbr֣o Hnb֔ia L֥a Tg֖or Mmֽno: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 19   (21 verses)‬
1:19 When the children of Israel came to you, the LORD said, "Behold, I am your God, your God, your God, your God, your God, your God, your God!" They gave you their land, and their inheritance, and their inheritance, and they dwelt among them in their cities, and their houses were destroyed.
2: 19 Behold, there is no fear, but you shall not be ashamed, but the daughter of your daughters shall be your land, and I will give you the power of the LORD, O God, O God, thy God is your covenant, and I will give you the inheritance of your inheritance.
3:19 Behold, Thou shalt surely prepare for thee the way of thy hand, and thou shalt go down thine hand, and go down thy land, and thou shalt be glad, and I will give thee strength: for I am thy God, thy God, and thy God, and thy God, behold, there is no god but Moses, and all the people of the land.
4: 19 And this is what the LORD desires, that is, that is, that is, that is, that is, that is, and that is, and that is, I will give it to the people of the land, and I will bring it to the people of the land, and I will not give it to them, neither shall I be afraid of them.
5: 19 and Asr֩ Ib֨a At-ra֥ho Biar֮ Lht֣b Atzim֒ and Ndh֨h Id֤o Bgrzn֙ Lcr֣t Ha֔tz and Ns֤l Hbrzl֙ Mn-ha֔tz and Mtz֥a At-ra֖ho and M֑t H֗oa In֛os Al-ah֥t Harim-ha֖lh and Hֽi:
6: 19 Fn-irdf֩ Ga֨l Hd֜m Ahr֣i Hrtz֗h Ci-ihm֮ Lbbo֒ and Hsig֛o Cֽi-irb֥h Hd֖rc and Hc֣ho N֑fs and Lo֙ A֣in Msft-m֔ot C֠i L֣a Sn֥a H֛oa L֖o Mtm֥ol Slsֽom:
7: 19 Therefore, I am with you, and I beseech thee, that I may be steadfast, and that I will be ashamed of the cities of Thabdil.
8: 19 And if Yahweh, the LORD, is your God, O God, is thy God, thy Lord, thou shalt bring up thy strength, and give thee strength, because as a wife, I will return to thy father, and give thee strength, and I will give thee all the land, even as thou shalt not be dismayed.
9: 19 Cֽi-tsmr֩ At-cl-hmtzo֨h Hz֜at Last֗h As֨r Anc֣i Mtzoc֮ Hiom֒ Lahb֞h At-iho֧h Alh֛ic and Ll֥ct Bdrc֖io Cl-him֑im and Isft֨ [C] [c] Lc֥ Aod֙ Sl֣s Ar֔im A֖l Hsl֥s Haֽlh:
10: 19 And I will not give up thy name, but I will bring them forth to you, and I will bring you to the land of your land, and I will give you the power of the LORD, O LORD, for God is your God, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength.
11: 19 And there was so much a man, a man, who was afraid of his neighbor, and was very angry with him, and they overcame him, and made him angry, and went away, and went down to the house of the LORD.
12: 19 And when he was sent away, he returned to Zeran, the city of his city, and took his wife, his wife, and his family, and they brought him to his house, because they were in the midst of the LORD, and they were there.
13:19 Do not be angry with your enemies, because they are above you, and you are afraid of them, because they are the people of the people, because of the people of Israel.
14: 19 Lo, thou shalt not go away, G-d, the Lord, and the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord.
15:19 Lo, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David, the son of Saul, the king of the tribe of Aaron, the king of the tribe of Kohath, the king of the tribe of Kohath, the captain of the tribe of Zechariah, died on the tenth day of the month of Cheshvan, the fifth day of the seventh month of the year, until the time of his captivity was over.
16:19 19 When the people of Israel came up against them, they went up against the sea, and the land was destroyed, and there was no rain;
17:19 And they stood up, the men of the men, who were with them, who had turned away from them, turning away before me, the LORD, the LORD, before them, and so on, and so on, so that they might be saved, so that they might die.
18: 19 And he gave him the charge, and he turned away, and he brought it down, and he gave it to him, so that it was cold, and he was afraid of him, that he was bald, and that he was angry with his brethren.
19: 19 And he did unto him, saying unto him, As it is done, it is time for them to do the same thing to his brother, and to be afraid of you, he hath taken away thy anger.
20:19 And the men of the children shall hear it, and they shall be afraid, and they shall not turn away, to do as thou hast done, as the Lord hath said: Behold, I will bring it near to thee.
21: 19 And it came to pass, that your eyes were filled with anger, because we were in the midst of evil, in the land of Zion, in the midst of the sea, but in the midst of the sea, even in the midst of the sea, even in the midst of the sea.
‪xxxx  Chapter 20   (20 verses)‬
1:20 And when thou art thirsty to fight against thy neighbor, thou shalt not be afraid; and thou shalt be afraid of them; and they shall not be afraid of thee; but they shall not be afraid of them.
2:20 And they were as they were, and brought them up to the warriors, and they took up all these things, and spoke to the people.
3: 20 Am֤r Alhm֙ Sm֣a Isra֔l At֨m Krb֥im Hi֛om Lmlhm֖h Al-aibic֑m Al-ir֣c Lbbc֗m Al-tֽira֧o and Aֽl-thfz֛o and Al-tֽartz֖o Mfnihֽm:
4: 20 For the LORD, O God, is the God, and they are your God, and they are with you, so that they may come to them with their hearts, so that they may be satisfied with them.
5: 20 Dbr֣o Hsֽtrim֮ Al-ha֣m Lamr֒ Mֽi-ha֞is As֨r Bn֤h Bֽit-hds֙ and L֣a Hnc֔o Il֖c and Is֣b Lbit֑o Fn-imot֙ Bmlhm֔h and A֥is Ah֖r Ihncֽno:
6: 20 And the man who was with him, who was with him, went down with fire; and he came to him, and said unto him, Behold, I pray thee, and I will return to you, and I will return to him, and I will return to him, and I will return to you.
7: 20 And what is the man's name, that is, the woman who is married, the woman, and the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, the son of Judah, the son of Judah, the son of Judah;
8:20 And the people of the captives went up to him, saying, "Do not be angry with the people, and say, 'Behold, the man who saw the man saw you, and the son of the son returned to you, and the LORD returned to you, and he returned to his house, and returned to him, and he did not destroy his heart, and destroyed his brother, so that his heart was broken."
9: 20 And it came to pass, as it was, that all the men of the captives were afraid to speak unto the people, and they went up to the ground, and they were captivated by the fire of the LORD.
10: 20 And when it came to them, they turned to Elijah, to bring them up, and to them they came, and they came unto them, and to them they were not.
11: 20 And behold, thou shalt surely be with thy mother, and thou shalt not be angry; and thou shalt be afraid of all things, and they shall not be with thee, for they shall be thy servants, and they shall not be thy servants.
12: 20 And if thou shalt not go astray with thy people, and thou shalt do it with thy people, thou shalt go to the house of the LORD, and thou shalt bring up the seed of the house of the living things. [Q] [n] [p]
13: 20 And the LORD gave thee strength, O God, thy God is in thy hand, and thou shalt destroy all the memory of the LORD, because of the anger of the LORD.
14: 20 R֣k H֠nsim and Ht֨f and Hbhm֜h and Cl֩ As֨r Ihi֥h Ba֛ir Cl-sll֖h Tb֣z L֑c and Aֽclt֙ At-sl֣l Aib֔ic As֥r Nt֛n Iho֥h Alh֖ic Lֽc:
15:20 So, when thou hast done unto the Lord, thou shalt not be far from the earth: for he is far from thee, that is, from him, that he may not be lifted up, but the greatness of the earth is with him.
16: 20 And he blessed the people of Israel, saying, "Behold, I am with you, who is with you, O Jehovah, O God, your God, are you worthy of your inheritance?" Nahla said, "This is not the life of all the people."
17: 20 And when the heat of the heat is upon them, they shall be hot again: the heat of the heat, and the heat of the earth, the threshing floor, and the fertilization, the bread, and the habitation, as the fire of thy voice is upon thee, O Jehovah, O God thy God.
18: 20 For the sake of the people of Israel, I am not afraid of you, but of you, I have brought you to the land of Israel, and I have done all these things to you, and I do not do anything to them, but as a people, I have done them, and they have not sinned against them, but they have not sinned against them, but God is the God of them.
19: 20 Cֽi-ttz֣or Al-air֩ Im֨im Rb֜im Lֽhlh֧m Al֣ih Ltfs֗h Lֽa-tsh֤it At-atzh֙ Lnd֤h Alio֙ Grz֔n C֚i Mm֣no Tac֔l and At֖o L֣a Tcr֑t C֤i Hֽadm֙ A֣tz Hsd֔h Lb֥a Mfn֖ic Bmtzֽor:
20:20 And the Lord of the flock, which was with him, went down, saying, "Surely, there is no food, no food, no food, no food, no food, no bread, no bread, no bread, no bread, no bread, no bread, no wine, no bread, no wine, no wine, no wine, no bread, no wine, no bread, no wine, no bread, no bread,
‪xxxx  Chapter 21   (23 verses)‬
1:21 21 For the king of Israel is not worthy of the land, but the LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD.
2:21 21 And your young man came out, and he brought your judgments out, and they measured him, saying unto him, Behold, I will not go down;
3:21 And he said unto him, Behold, the light is coming to me, unto the young man, and to him, take it, O son of Zechaih, that is the light of the moon;
4: 21 And they shall beware of the old age: for this is the light of the LORD, that is, the mighty one, that is, the Son of the Son, that is, I will come to him; for I will not be angry with him, neither shall I despise him, neither shall I be alienated from them.
5: 21 And the sons of the sons of Israel came to them, and the sons of Israel came to them, and the children of Israel came to them, and they came to the house of the LORD, and the people of Judah came to them.
6:21 And the children of Zephaniah said, "This is the light of the Lord, who is the one who is coming, and they are not going to be afraid to take their hands away from their feet, because they are naked, because they are sons."
7: 21 And he said unto him, And say, Behold, our hands shall not be filled; and they shall be turned away; and they shall turn away from the light of the earth, and behold, this is our eyes, and our eyes shall not see it.
8: 21 כפּפּ֩ר לעעממ֨ך֨ם [C] [c] יישאר֤א֤ל אששרדפפ֙ד֙ת֙ם יְהו֔ו֔ה- אל-תּתּת֙ן דּ֣ד֣םם נ֔ק֔י ב בְּּק֖ר עב עם עךמ֔ק֔י֣ה בה בהֶהֶם אֶב עּמ֣י֣ה֣ה וננפקּ֥פ֥ר לה לָהה֖ה֖ם הדדּֽהֽם:
9: 21 And thou shalt give them the bread of the children, the thief, and bring thee near, because thou shalt not do thine eyes, that is in the sight of the eyes of the LORD.
10: 21 When thou hast come to war against thy father, and give him thy word, O LORD, thy God is thy hand, and thy captives return.
11: 21 And I saw you, when I was sitting there, I saw the woman of Yapheth, and I saw her, and took her in her hand, and she took her to you, and she went to her breast.
12: 21 And thou shalt bring unto thee thy daughter, thy daughter, and thou shalt bring up her head, and thou shalt bring her unto the house of Zephron.
13: 21 Hs֩irh֩ At-sml֨t Sbi֜h Mal֗ih and Iֽsbh֙ Bbit֔c and Bֽct֛h At-ab֥ih and At-am֖h I֣rh Im֑im and A֨hr C֜n Tb֤oa Al֙ih֙ and Balt֔h and Hit֥h Lc֖ Lasֽh:
14: 21 And behold, behold, thou art not a fool, but thou shalt give him bread, and send it to the nostrils: and it is not in the midst of it, neither is there any thing in it that is not in the breadth of the flesh.
15: 21 When the LORD was with them, they were married to the men of the tribe, and they were married to them.
16: 21 And it came to pass, that in the day of Hilel, he gave birth to his daughter, to him that was given to him, which he gave to him, to him, to him, to him, and to the son of the son of Aaron, to him that was beloved to him, even to the son of the son of Hennoah.
17: 21 For when the son of the son of the son of Israel saw it, he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, so that he could not give it to him, because he was the first of his wives.
18: 21 So that the LORD be with him, and he hath given up to him, and he hath turned away, and he hath not given up his name: neither shall we bring guilt to him, but his father is his father, and his father hath taken away his mother, and he hath cast off his wrath. [Q] [n] [v].
19: 21 And they took him away because of his father, his father, and his mother: and they brought him to him, to his son, and to him, to his city, and to his own land, he arose from his place.
And he said unto him, Behold, O son of Zacken, O city of his sons, this is our house; this is the land of the Syrians, and the people of the land; and the people of the land are not numbered;
21: 21 And all the people of the city, all the people of the city, were filled with it, and the sons of the sons of Israel were there, and there was no fear of the LORD, nor of the LORD, nor of the people of Israel, nor of the people of Israel, nor of the people of Israel, nor of the people of Israel.
22: 21 And it came to pass, that there was a man in the house of the king, who was not afraid of judgment, and that he died, and he put his wife to death.
23: 21 La-tl֨in Nblt֜o Al-ha֗tz Cֽi-kb֤or Tkbr֙no֙ Bi֣om Hh֔oa Cֽi-kll֥t Alh֖im Tl֑oi and L֤a Ttma֙ At-adm֣tc֔ Asr֙ LORD Alh֔ic Nt֥n Lc֖ Nhlֽh: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 22   (29 verses)‬
And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not lift up his eyes: thou shalt bring him away, and thou shalt not go astray: for they are not, and they shall return to thy brother.
2:22 And if thou shalt not be sore, thou shalt be afraid of thy brother, O thy God; and he that knoweth not his knowledge, and thou hast sent him unto thy daughter, and thy daughter is thy wife, and thy mother is thy servant, and she is thy servant.
And therefore, thou shalt do unto him his mercy, and so shall ye do unto him his charge: and so shall ye do all things unto all thy servants, which are thine own, which are thirsty, and that they shall die, and they shall not be consumed, and they shall not be filled with them.
4: 22 You shall not see the fire of the fire, nor the fire of your brother; but his servants are his servants, but they are not in their way, and they have gone astray;
5: 22 Do not give it to me, as it is to me, and I will not go into it, but I will not be ashamed of it, but I will not be ashamed of you: for I will not be angry with you. The LORD is your God, your God is all-knowing.
6: 22 C֣i Ikr֣a Kn-tzf֣or | Lfn֡ic Bd֜rc Bcl-a֣tz | A֣o Al-ha֗rtz Afrhim֙ A֣o Bitz֔im and Ha֤m Rb֙tzt֙ Al-hֽafrh֔im A֖o Al-hbitz֑im La-tk֥h Ha֖m Al-hbnֽim:
7: 22 And you shall have the power to send the people and the sons of the sons of Israel into the land of Israel, so that they may return to the land of Israel, and the land of Israel will be restored to you.
8:22 So that thou shalt be able to build the house of the LORD, and it shall be done, and it shall be done to the people of the land, and it shall be done to thee, and it shall be done unto thee, and it shall be given to the children of the house of the LORD.
9: 22 Do not let your heart tremble when it comes to you, so that you will not be afraid of it. This is what I have done. Why did not you get up? Why did not you get up? Why did not you get up?
10:22 Lo, the son of the king, was in charge of the house of the king, and of the house of Jehadah,
11:22 22 And the children of the tribe of Simeon went astray, and Zippor and Pharisees were afraid of Judah.
12: 22 Thou shalt not do any thing for thy neighbor, nor thy neighbor, nor thy neighbor, nor thy neighbor, nor thy servant, nor thy servant, nor thy servant.
13:22 22 And when Isaac was young, he married her, and she came to her, and she came to her, and she fell asleep.
14: 22 And they shall be ashamed of them, and they shall be exalted, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall not be afraid, but they shall not be afraid of them.
15: 22 And the father of the father of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel, and the children of the tribe of Beth-El, the youth of the tribe of Nazareth, came to El-Zaken.
16: 22 And the mother of the father of the children, the child of the sons of the children, gave birth to the daughter of the son, and she gave birth to the young woman, because she was married to her wife, and he changed his wife.
17: 22 And behold, there is a name for the people of Israel, that is, the word of the LORD, that is, the word of the LORD, and of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
18: 22 And he took him away, and the young man came to him, saying, "Behold, I will bring the young man to death, and he will be ashamed of him."
19: 22 Ans֨o At֜o M֣ah C֗sf and Ntno֙ Lab֣i Hֽnar֔h C֤i Hotzia֙ S֣m R֔a A֖l Btol֣t Isra֑l and Lֽo-thi֣h Las֔h La-ioc֥l Lslh֖h [Q] [n] [p] Cl-imֽio: S.
20:22 And if it is true, it is the son, that is, the son of the son of Zechariah, that is not found in the tabernacle, for the youth, and for the children of Nazareth.
21: 22 Hotz֨iao At- * kid ** Hֽnar֜h Al-f֣th Bit-ab֗ih and Skloh֩ Ans֨i Air֤h Babnim֙ and M֔th Cֽi-ast֤h Nblh֙ Bisra֔l Lzn֖ot B֣it Ab֑ih and Bֽart֥ Hr֖a Mkrbֽc: S.
22:22 And when the people of the tribe of Israel were destroyed, the people of the tribe of Bashan were destroyed, and the people of the tribe of Baal Shem-Tov came to them, and they returned to the land of Samaria, and the people of the land of Israel were there with the people of Israel, and the land was destroyed. And the land of Israel was destroyed, and the land was destroyed.
23: 22 For there is a vengeance, a youth, a youth, a young man, a man, a man, a man, a man, and a man, and he found a woman, and there is no man in the world, and there is no man;
24: 22 Hotzat֨m At-snih֜m Al-s֣ar | Ha֣ir Hh֗oa and Sklt֨m At֥m Babnim֮ and Mto֒ At- * kid ** Hֽnar֗h Al-dbr֙ As֣r La-tzak֣h Ba֔ir and A֨t-ha֔is Al-db֥r Asr-an֖h At-a֣st Ra֑ho and Bֽart֥ Hr֖a Mkrbֽc: S.
25: 22 And, behold, in the law of the land, the young man was brought up, the young man, the young man, and the son of the king, the son of the king, and the son of the king, and the king of the tribe, and the king of the tribe of Israel, and the king of the tribe of Amaziah, and there was a man of valor, a man of valor, a man of valor.
26: 22 * ​​and shake ** and Lֽnarh֙ [Q] [c] La-tas֣h Db֔r A֥in * shake ** Lֽnar֖h H֣ta M֑ot C֡i Casr֩ Ik֨om A֤is Al-ra֙ho֙ and Rtzh֣o N֔fs C֖n Hdb֥r Hzֽh:
27: 22 For in the midst of the earth there is a way to bring forth the cry of the youth. The boy is the son of the son of Moses, and the son of Moses is the son of Moses, and the son of Moses is the son of Moses.
28:22 So that he should not be ashamed of himself; he was a youth; he was a youth; he was a man; but he was not a man; but he was not a man, and he was caught by the people, and his people were with her, and they were saved.
29: 22 ֠ntn Ha֨is Hsc֥b Am֛h Lab֥i * kid ** Hֽnar֖h Hms֣im C֑sf and Lֽo-thi֣h Las֗h T֚ht As֣r An֔h La-ioc֥l Slh֖h [Q] [n] [p] Cl-imֽio: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 23   (26 verses)‬
1: 23 And there was no man, but the woman of his father's wife was with him; and he was not driven away, because he was like the son of Abraham.
2:23 Lo, the son of Jacob, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David, the son of Jacob,
3: 23 He did not know, but he did not give up the commandment of the LORD, but the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, did not do anything.
4: 23 Lo! The sons of the people of Ammonai, and Moab, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the children of Israel.
5: 23 Al-db֞r As֨r La-kdm֤o Atcm֙ Bl֣hm and Bm֔im Bd֖rc Btzatc֣m Mmtzr֑im and Asr֩ Sc֨r Al֜ic At-bla֣m Bn-ba֗or Mft֛or Ar֥m Nhr֖im Lkֽllֽc:
And the LORD your God is with you, and the LORD is your God, your God.
7:23 Do not know that they have lost their food, and have given them all their food.
8: 23 Behold, thou shalt not go astray: for thy brother is not with thee, thou shalt not be angry with me, because I am jealous: for thou hast been in his land.
9:23 The children of Israel, who were born to them, were born to them; they were the children of the tribe of Jeshua, the sons of Yב֥֥֥ ל ל ל ל ל֖ ב ב ב֥֥֥ יהוהוֽֽ: ס ס.
10:23 So that thou shalt give me the gift of thy neighbor, because thou art of thy neighbor, and thou shalt keep thy promise, and thou shalt not be afraid.
11:23 So, behold, Yahweh was in you, and there was no man, but there was no woman. He was not a priest, nor a stranger.
12: 23 And he gave it to the children of the tribe of Anbar, and it came to them in the midst of the wilderness, and it came to pass, which was the sixth day, and brought it unto the house of the LORD.
13:23 23 And Thou shalt give thee bread for a hundred days, and it is not the bread, but it is the bread, and it is the bread, and it is the bread.
14: 23 And you shall be a witness to you, and you shall be steadfast in your countenance, and you shall not be afraid, and you shall be foolish, and behold, you shall return, and you shall bring your daughter-in-law into your hands.
15: 23 Ci֩ Iho֨h Alh֜ic Mthl֣c | Bk֣rb Mhn֗c Lhtzֽilc֙ and Lt֤t Aib֙ic֙ Lfn֔ic and Hi֥h Mhn֖ic Kd֑os and Lֽa-ira֤h Bc֙ Aro֣t Db֔r and S֖b Mahrֽic: S.
16: 23 Do not turn away the light of the fire on your hands, but let it be that your children will not go down to you.
17: 23 And with thee is he that hath been blessed in thy grave, but in the midst of the wickedness, which he hath given unto thee, that is, in thy brother, and in thy gate, and in thy heart, thou shalt not be ashamed;
18: 23 Thou shalt not sanctify the sanctity of the sons of the children of Israel, nor the children of Israel, nor the children of Israel; but they shall be ashamed of the children of Israel. [Israel]
19: 23 You shall not be satisfied with us, but this is the place of the LORD, and you shall be ashamed of the heart. Behold, the LORD is your God, your God, for all of us, the LORD, for you are not hungry, for the LORD is your God, your God, even your children.
20:23 You shall not be ashamed of your brother, because you are the same as the sword of your hand, because you are the one who draws all your heart, for as long as your hand is weak.
21: 23 Lo, you shall not be ashamed of thy neighbor, nor thy brother, nor thy son, nor thy brother, nor thy servant, nor thy neighbor, nor thy servant, but thy God, thy God, thy God, thy God, thy God, and thy God, and on all things, and on the earth, which is upon thee, that is, that is, that is, for the inheritance of the LORD.
22: 23 When the Lord, the Lord, is with you, O God, the Lord is your God, and He is not the One, and He is the Most High, and He is the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, and the Most High.
23:23 23 And lo, behold, he trembled, that he could not see it, that he might not be with thee, but he was afraid.
24: 23 And you shall not be ashamed of your lips; do not be ashamed, and do what you have done, as a fire, and behold, I will bring you forth to the LORD. God is your God, and he is the LORD of the worlds.
25: 23 When it came to you in the midst of thy wickedness, and thou ateest, the grapes were like your hands, and it was your countenance, and your hands were all yours, and they were not with you.
26: 23 When you come to me in the midst of your wickedness, and you shall be satisfied with your kindness, and you shall not be ashamed of yourself, neither shall you live in peace, nor shall you be evil.
‪xxxx  Chapter 24   (22 verses)‬
1: 24 Cֽi-ik֥h A֛is As֖h and Bal֑h and Hi֞h Am-l֧a Tmtza-h֣n Bain֗io Ci-m֤tza Bh֙ Aro֣t Db֔r and C֨tb L֜h S֤fr Critt֙ and Nt֣n Bid֔h and Slh֖h Mbitֽo:
2: 24 And his daughter gave him his house, and he gave it to her, and she gave it to the man-to-be.
3: 24 Snah֮ Ha֣is Hahron֒ and C֨tb L֜h S֤fr Critt֙ and Nt֣n Bid֔h and Slh֖h Mbit֑o A֣o C֤i Imot֙ Ha֣is Hahr֔on Asr-lkh֥h L֖o Lasֽh:
4: 24 La-ioc֣l Bal֣h Hras֣on Asֽr-s֠lhh Ls֨ob Lkht֜h Lhi֧ot L֣o Las֗h Ahri֙ As֣r Htm֔ah Cֽi-toab֥h H֖oa Lfn֣i Iho֑h and L֤a Thtia֙ At-ha֔rtz Asr֙ LORD Alh֔ic Nt֥n Lc֖ Nhlֽh: S.
5: 24 Cֽi-ik֥h Ais֙ As֣h Hds֔h L֤a Itza֙ Btzb֔a and La-iab֥r Al֖io Lcl-db֑r Nk֞i Ihi֤h Lbito֙ Sn֣h Ah֔t and Sm֖h At-ast֥o Asr-lkֽh: S.
6: 24 And he did not love the spirit of the wind, but he became angry, because we were afraid, and he was not afraid.
7: 24 For he shall be saved, and he shall be a man of greatness; he shall not be afraid of his brethren, but of his children, he shall be his children, and his children shall die, and he shall be put to death, and he shall die of the flock, and he shall not die.
8: 24 For we have taken the time to come down to the land of Samaria, and to do all that is right, so that the people of the land shall be destroyed, and they shall not be destroyed, because they shall be destroyed, and they shall not be destroyed, but as they have done, their commandment shall keep them safe.
9: 24 Behold, thou shalt be the LORD, O God, O God, O God, O God, I will give thee strength, and I will destroy them, and I will bring them forth from the land of Egypt.
10: 24 So that thou shalt be satisfied with thy fear. [U] What is the meaning of the verse, which is the meaning of the word of the Lord?
11: 24 Behold, I will go up against you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will see you, and I will be with you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
12: 24 And if the man is angry with him, he will not be afraid; he will not lie down in the midst of his punishment.
13: 24 And the LORD shall return to him, and he shall return to the house of the LORD, and he shall return to his land, and he shall return to his land, and he shall return to his land, and he shall return to you.
14: 24 Do not do that, but shine the light of your eyes, and give me your strength, because of your strength, and I will give it to you, because I will lift you up in thy land, and in thy hair,
15: 24 Biomo֩ Tt֨n Scr֜o and ֽla-tb֧oa Al֣io Hs֗ms C֤i Ani֙ H֔oa and Al֕io H֥oa Ns֖a At-nfs֑o and Lֽa-ikr֤a Al֙ic֙ Al-iho֔h and Hi֥h Bc֖ Hֽta: S.
16: 24 And the sons of the sons of the sons of the children, and the children of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel, were not numbered.
17: 24 Behold, thou shalt not go out of captivity: but thou shalt not be oppressed, neither shall ye be filled with fear;
18: 24 And you shall remember that when you were in the midst of the wilderness, you were in Mitzrayim, and your name was in the hands of Yahweh, O God, your God, because they were so great, so that I could not find your strength. I did not do that to the Lord.
19: 24 C֣i Tktzr֩ Ktzֽirc֨ Bsd֜c and Sֽcht֧ A֣mr Bsd֗h L֤a Tsob֙ Lkht֔o Lg֛r Lit֥om and Lalmn֖h Ihi֑h Lm֤an Ibrcc֙ LORD Alh֔ic Bc֖l Mas֥h Idֽic:
20:24 So that thou shalt not cling to him, but he will not be able to return to you, nor will thy neighbor return to the land of Israel, nor to the children of Israel, nor to the land of Israel.
21: 24 Behold, thou shalt prosper, as thy vineyard is not, and shall not go up after thy neighbor: for thou shalt not give them bread, nor shall it be for them;
22: 24 And I remembered you, because I was afraid of you in the land of Egypt, because therefore I am not in your power, nor do I make the Lord, nor the Lord of the earth.
‪xxxx  Chapter 25   (19 verses)‬
1:25 So that the LORD be with me, that they may be rebellious, and that the people will not come, and they will come to the court, and the judge shall judge them, and the judgment of the LORD will bring forth the power of the wicked, and he will bring forth the wickedness of the wicked.
2:25 And Behold, the mother of Beethoven was the king of the wicked, and the captain of the tribe, and the captain of the tribe of Judah, turned him down, and flattened him before his face, as if he were a wicked man, because he was in the house of the wicked.
3: 25 Arba'im, they are the ones who are with you, and they are not the people of the world, but the people of Israel, the people of Israel.
4: 25 Do not give them a gift, because they are in the hands of their servants.
5: 25 Cֽi-isb֨o Ah֜im Ihd֗o and M֨t Ah֤d Mhm֙ and B֣n Aֽin-l֔o Lֽa-thi֧h Aֽst-hm֛t Hh֖otzh La֣is Z֑r Ibmh֙ Ib֣a Al֔ih and Lkh֥h L֛o Las֖h and Ibmֽh:
6: 25 And he, behold, the son of the son of Asher, rose up to him, saying unto them, Thou shalt not give up unto them, that they may be given to him, and that he shall not be numbered: but he that is his name shall be the one who is minister of justice.
7: 25 and Am-l֤a Ihftz֙ Ha֔is Lk֖ht At-ibmt֑o and Alth֩ Ibmt֨o Hs֜arh Al-hzkn֗im and Aֽmrh֙ Ma֨in Ibm֜i Lhk֨im Lah֥io Sm֙ Bisra֔l L֥a Ab֖h Ibmֽi:
8: 25 And the children of the city of Zechariah were with him, saying, "Behold, I am with you, and I will be with you, and I will go down to you, and I will not be able to take you away."
9: 25 and Ngs֨h Ibmt֣o Alio֮ Lain֣i Hzknim֒ and Hltz֤h Nalo֙ Ma֣l Rgl֔o and Irk֖h Bfn֑io and Aֽnth֙ and A֣mr֔h C֚ch Ias֣h La֔is As֥r La-ibn֖h At-b֥it Ahֽio [Q] [n] [p]
10: 25 And he rose up to his name in Israel, and in the house of the king was the king of the tribe of Hanan.
11: 25 When the people of Israel came up against him, they were afraid of him, because he was a man and his brother, and he was jealous, and he was afraid of him, and his wife was afraid of him, because he was afraid of his people, and he sent him away from his house, and sent his hand to him, and he took hold of him in the midst of his captivity.
12: 25 And he took away his hand, and covered it with his hand;
13: 25 Behold, I am not your God, but I will give thee strength in thy land, and thou shalt be the son of the son of the great, and the son of the great.
14: 25 Behold, it is not for thee, but in thy house, thou shalt be sore with grief, and lo, the mighty is great, and the little one is hungry.
15: 25 A֣bn Slm֤h and Tz֙dk֙ Iֽhih-l֔c Aif֧h Slm֛h and Tz֖dk Iֽhih-l֑c Lm֙an֙ Iar֣ico Im֔ic A֚l Hֽadm֔h Asr-iho֥h Alh֖ic Nt֥n Lֽc:
Verse 16: 25 When the LORD, the Lord, is satisfied, God is your God, all of you, and I will bring you up to you, as I have done.
17: 25 Behold, thou shalt surely do the things which the LORD hath done unto thee: for they have done the work of thy servants, when thou hast come out of Mitzrayim.
18: 25 And as for your father, I am your lord, and I am your lord; and all your inheritance is in you, and all your inheritance is with you. "[16] And you shall not be angry with me, nor shall I be angry with you, nor shall I be afraid of you.
19: 25 Hi֡h Bhn֣ih LORD Alh֣ic | L֠c Mcl-a֨ib֜ic Msb֗ib Ba֙rtz֙ As֣r Ihoֽh-a֠lhic Nt֨n Lc֤ Nhlh֙ Lrst֔h Tmhh֙ At-z֣cr Aml֔k Mt֖ht Hsm֑im L֖a Tscֽh: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 26   (19 verses)‬
1:26 And there was a certain number of them, and the people of the land were with them, which, when the LORD was with you, was God your God, they were your wives, because of you, the inheritance of you, and the inheritance of you, and the inheritance of the LORD was with you.
2: 26 and Lkht֞ Mras֣it | Cl-fr֣i Hadm֗h As֨r Tb֧ia Mֽartzc֛ As֨r Iho֧h Alh֛ic Nt֥n L֖c and Smt֣ Bt֑na and Hֽlct֙ Al-hmk֔om As֤r Ibhr֙ LORD Alh֔ic Lsc֥n Sm֖o Sֽm:
3: 26 Bat֙ Al-hch֔n As֥r Ihi֖h Bim֣im Hh֑m and Amrt֣ Al֗io Hg֤dti Hiom֙ Liho֣h Alh֔ic Ci-b֙ati֙ Al-ha֔rtz As֨r Nsb֧a Iho֛h Labt֖ino L֥tt Lֽno:
4: 26 And this is the way of the thorn, and it is the thorn of thy hand, and it is his bread, and it is his face, that he may turn away from the altar of Yahweh, O God your God.
5: 26 and An֨it and Amrt֜ Lfn֣i | LORD Alh֗ic Armi֙ Ab֣d Ab֔i and I֣rd Mtzr֔imh and I֥gr S֖m Bmt֣i Ma֑t and ֽihi-s֕m Lg֥oi Gd֖ol Atz֥om and Rֽb:
6: 26 And they took us, the Egyptians, and us, and they gave us strength, and they gave us up over us, and worshiped them, because they were hard.
7: 26 And we will come to the Lord, O God, O God, O God, be our Father, and let us not be afraid: for Jehovah hath given us the voice of our people, and we have seen our enemies, and our servants, and us and our children.
8: 26 And the LORD brought him out of Egypt, in the midst of his strength, and in his strength, and in his strength, and in strength, and in strength, and in strength, and in strength.
9:26 26 And they brought us to this house, and they gave it to us, and gave it to us, and brought it down to the ground, and it brought forth a tree, and it came forth, and there was light, and it was dry.
10: 26 At֗h Hn֤h Hb֙ati֙ At-rasit֙ Fr֣i Hadm֔h Asr-nt֥th L֖i Iho֑h and Hnht֗o Lfni֙ LORD Alh֔ic and Hֽstho֔it Lfn֖i Iho֥h Alhֽic:
11: 26 And you shall be glad to be in the midst of all things, and I will be glad to see you, because I am your God, your God, and your daughter, you are the LORD, and you are the sons of God, and they are the generations, and I will not be ashamed of you.
12: 26 C֣i Tcl֞h L֠asr At-cl-mas֧r Tboatc֛ Bsn֥h Hslis֖t Sn֣t Hֽmas֑r and Ntt֣h Llo֗i Lgr֙ Lit֣om and Lֽalmn֔h and Acl֥o Bsar֖ic and Sbֽao:
13: 26 Amrt֡ Lfni֩ Iho֨h Alh֜ic Ba֧rti Hk֣ds Mn-hb֗it and G֨m Ntt֤io Lloi֙ and Lgr֙ Lit֣om and Lalmn֔h Ccl-mtzotc֖ As֣r Tzoit֑ni Lֽa-ab֥rti Mmtzoֺt֖ic and L֥a Scֽhti:
14: 26 La-ac֨lti Ban֜i Mm֗no and La-ba֤rti Mm֙no֙ Btm֔a and La-nt֥ti Mm֖no Lm֑t Sm֗ati Bkol֙ LORD Alh֔i As֕iti Cc֖l As֥r Tzoitֽni:
15: 26 Hskifh֩ Mma֨on Kdsc֜ Mn-hsm֗im and Br֤c Aֽt-amc֙ At-isra֔l and At֙ Hadm֔h As֥r Nt֖th L֑no Cas֤r Nsb֙at֙ Labt֔ino A֛rtz Zb֥t Hl֖b and Dbֽs: S.
16: 26 Behold, this is the voice of the LORD, O God, O God, thy throne is your strength, and I have done the law of the law, and I have delivered it to you, and you have kept judgment, and you have kept it, and you have done it, and you have done it to them in all your heart, and in all your soul's patience.
17: 26 Thou art the LORD, the LORD thy God, and the LORD, the LORD, be with thee, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord.
18: 26 And he said unto him, Behold, the LORD thy God is thy God, and he is the one, and he is the one, and he is the one, and he is the one, and he is the one, and he is the one, and he is the son of the Lord.
19: 26 And I will give you all my strength, and I will give up all the mighty men, and I will bring them to the land of Israel, and I will bring them into the house of the LORD, and I will give them to you, and I will give them to you.
‪xxxx  Chapter 27   (26 verses)‬
1: 27 And Moses commanded him, and he gave birth to him; and he brought the people out of the house, saying, I am glad that I have kept all the commandment, that I will not give you power, but I will bring them to you.
2: 27 and Hi֗h Biom֮ As֣r Tabr֣o At-hirdn֒ Al-ha֕rtz Asr-iho֥h Alh֖ic Nt֣n L֑c and Hkmt֤ Lc֙ Abn֣im Gdl֔ot and Sdt֥ At֖m Bsֽid:
3: 27 and Ctbt֣ Alih֗n Aֽt-cl-dbr֛i Htor֥h Hz֖at Babr֑c Lm֡an Asr֩ Tb֨a Al-ha֜rtz Aֽsr-iho֥h Alh֣ic | Nt֣n Lc֗ A֣rtz Zb֤t Hlb֙ and Db֔s Cas֥r Db֛r Iho֥h Alhֽi-abt֖ic Lֽc:
4:27 And they were in the midst of the burning of the Jordan, and they raised up the fire of the children, and they said unto them, Because I am not with you, but I will give them up to you, and they will be destroyed, and they will be destroyed.
5: 27 And you, there, there, there is a fountain of gold, to Yahweh, O God, your God, from Zebab, the children of Israel, are not the children of the living, but they are in the land of the wilderness.
6: 27 The children of Solomon, Solomon, and the children of Israel, brought the altar of Yahweh, O God, to your God, and to you above him, to go up to the house of God, to God, O God, your God.
7: 27 And you sacrificed for yourselves, and consumed them, and they were destroyed, and they died, and they returned before me. The LORD is the LORD your God.
8: 27 And thou shalt write unto the children, saying, All things shall be spoken; the Torah is that which is in the house;
9: 27 And Dibba the son of Moses, and the sons of Israel, all the children of Israel, murmured unto him all the men of Israel, saying unto them, Behold, this is the LORD, and this is the law, and this is the law.
10: 27 And when thou hast heard the voice of the voice of the LORD, O God, is thy God, thy God, and thou hast done the commandment of the Lord, and the commandment of the Lord, and the power of the Lord, and the power of the Lord.
11: 27 And Moses sent him to the house of the Ammonites, because they were not worthy of this.
12:27 27 And I will see you, and I will go down to you, and I will bring you the people, and I will bring them into the land of Israel, and they will be destroyed.
13: 27 And he said unto him, Behold, I will testify against the curse: behold, in the house of Abib, the son of Reuben, the son of Gad, the son of Asher, and Zabolu, the son of David, 17 and Naphtal,
14: 27 And the people of the Levites came to them, and they said unto him, All the people of Israel shall be destroyed;
15: 27 The Lord of the Throne is the Lord, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, and the Lord of the Throne, and of the Throne of All Things.
16: 27 But the LORD hath cursed him: his father is his father, and his mother, and all the people of the land are full of them.
17: 27 And he said unto him, Thou shalt not go astray, but the wicked shall go down to him, and all the people of the land shall be destroyed.
18: 27 Behold, the Lord of the Throne is the one who has lost all his strength, and the Lord has made all the people of the land safe.
19: 27 And he said, "Surely the Lord is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, and the Lord of the Throne."
20: 27 And when he saw that he was lying with his father, when his father was with him, when he was angry, he turned away from him, as though his father was angry with him, and all the people went down with them.
21: 27 But the wicked shall not dwell with all the people, and all the nations shall be destroyed. Amen.
22: 27 But when the ox was lying with his mother, the daughter of his father came to him, and his mother was with him, and his mother was full of them.
23: 27 But the Lord hath made his countenance with his people, and he hath given him his strength, and he hath made all things to pass. Amen.
24: 27 And the Lord hath given him the power of the wicked, and the wicked, and the mother of all the children.
25: 27 I am not sure that I am the son of David, but I am afraid of them, that I may be afraid of them, and that I am not afraid of them.
26: 27 But when the people of Israel were destroyed, they did not bring the word of the Torah, but the Torah came to them, to do it to them, and to destroy it all. Amen.
‪xxxx  Chapter 28   (69 verses)‬
1: 28 and Hi֗h Am-sm֤oa Tsma֙ Bkol֙ LORD Alh֔ic Lsm֤r Lasot֙ At-cl-mtzoֺt֔io As֛r Anc֥i Mtzoc֖ Hi֑om and Nt֨nc֜ Iho֤h Alh֙ic֙ Ali֔on A֖l Cl-goi֥i Haֽrtz:
2: 28 And behold, all thy eyes are upon thee, all that is with thee, and bring thee forth: for thou shalt not be filled with the desire of the LORD, O God, O God thy God.
2: 28 Behold, thou shalt surely see the light: and thou shalt go forth, and thou shalt not see it; but it is in thine hand:
4: 28 Thou shalt not be blessed, nor thy righteousness, nor thy righteousness, nor thy righteousness, nor thy righteousness, nor thy righteousness, nor thy righteousness, nor thy righteousness, nor thy strength, nor thy strength, nor thy strength.
5: 28 Behold, thy lord is thy trespasser, and thy remnant shall be yours.
6: 28 Behold, thou shalt surely enter into thy house: and thou shalt be blessed, and thou shalt be satisfied in thy own way.
7: 28 Yea, yea, O Jehovah, thou shalt bear thy heart, and thy eyes shall be upon thee, and they shall come upon thee before thee, in thy hand, and in thy hand, and upon thy heart, and upon thy heart, and upon thy heart, and upon thy heart,
8: 28 The LORD will give you strength, and I will give you thy blessing, and I will give you strength in your hand, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength in the land, which the LORD your God will give you.
9: 28 And he said unto thee, Behold, thy God is thy God, and thou shalt go down in thy righteousness, and he shall be satisfied with thee.
10: 28 And they saw all the people, that was the land, because they had been destroyed: the LORD, behold, he was cleansed, because he is not over thee, and he is a reproach, and he is not your God.
11: 28 And I will give you the name of Jehovah, O Jehovah, to be kind to me; and in your mouth I will give you bread, and I will be blessed with your pestilence, and I will go away from you, and I will go down to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
12: 28 Ift֣h LORD | L֠c At-aotzr֨o Ht֜ob At-hsm֗im Lt֤t Mtֽr-artzc֙ Bat֔o and Lbr֕c A֖t Cl-mas֣h Id֑c and Hlo֙it֙ Goi֣m Rb֔im and At֖h L֥a Tloֽh:
13: 28 Ntֽnc֨ Iho֤h Lras֙ and L֣a Lzn֔b and Hi֙it֙ R֣k Lm֔alh and L֥a Thi֖h Lm֑th Cֽi-tsm֞a Al-mtzoֺ֣t | LORD Alh֗ic As֨r Anc֧i Mtzoc֛ Hi֖om Lsm֥r and Lasֽot:
14: 28 And I will not be afraid of all the mighty men, but I will be glad to see you, and I will give them to you, and I will give them to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
15: 28 Hi֗h Am-l֤a Tsma֙ Bkol֙ LORD Alh֔ic Lsm֤r Lasot֙ At-cl-mtzoֺt֣io and Hkt֔io As֛r Anc֥i Mtzoc֖ Hi֑om and B֧ao Al֛ic Cl-hkll֥ot Ha֖lh and Hsigֽoc:
16: 28 Behold, thou shalt surely see, behold, the light is bright, and thou shalt see it, thou shalt see it in thine hand:
17: 28 Behold, thy torso shall be gone, and thy remnant shall remain.
18: 28 Behold, thou shalt be fruitful unto me, and behold, thou shalt be fruitful: and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength.
19: 28 Behold, thou shalt surely be in the midst of thy coming, and thou shalt surely see it, when thou shalt come out of thy hand.
20: 28 Isl֣h LORD | B֠c At-hmar֤h At-hmhomh֙ and At-hmga֔rt Bcl-msl֥h Idc֖ As֣r Tas֑h A֣d Hsֽmdc֤ and Ad-abdc֙ Mh֔r Mfn֛i R֥a Mֽall֖ic As֥r Azbtֽni:
21: 28 Thou shalt bring forth the LORD thy God, and thou shalt bring forth the wickedness of the earth, even unto him, that thou mayest be satisfied with him: for he is not a man, but he is a man; behold, thou shalt be satisfied with him, that he may be satisfied with his inheritance.
22: 28 Yea, behold, Yahweh, in the midst of the captivity, and in the sanctuary, and in the midst of the law, and in the midst of the fire, and in the midst of the sword, and upon the edge of the earth, and in the midst of the earth, and upon your feet, and upon your feet,
23: 28 And I will be thy name, thy name, that I will go down on thy head, that is, the land of the land, and the land, wherewith thou shalt be blessed.
24: 28 Yea, O LORD, behold, thou shalt give up thy land, and thou shalt bring forth the dust of the earth, and it shall be far from thy name, and it shall be no more than thy seed.
25: 28 Thou art blessed, [C] YHWH, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
26: 28 And thou shalt be consumed, and thou shalt not go into the midst of the sea, and all the earth shall be full of them; and the earth shall be filled with water, and the earth shall be no more.
27: 28 Yahweh, the LORD, hath made thee in the midst of the earth, and the earth is not in the midst of the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth.
28: 28 Yahweh, the LORD, hath come upon me in the midst of the wickedness, and in the midst of the wickedness, and in the midst of them, the tongue of Labab.
29: 28 Hi֜it Mms֣s Bֽtzhr֗im Cas֨r Ims֤s Haor֙ Bafl֔h and L֥a Ttzl֖ih At-drc֑ic and Hi֜it A֣c As֧ok and Gz֛ol Cl-him֖im and A֥in Mosֽia:
30: 28 A woman is a woman who is looking for a wife, and she is married to another woman. * Isglene ** יששככב֔נהה בּ֥י֥ת תת תב֖נ֖ה לאהאאתת֣ב֖ב֖ה ל ]ב-ּא-ת-ת֖ה בּ֑בּ֑ו כּה א֥תּ֥רםם טטטּ֖ע֖ה ו֥ל֥א֥א תחלֽלֽנֽנ:וּן. [Q] [n] [p]
31: 28 Thou shalt not be blessed; thou shalt not be satisfied with your eyes; neither shall you be consumed; for it is your duty, your mercy, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, and your strength.
32: 28 Your sons, and your sons, shall be pleased with them, but they will not be with you anymore, but your eyes shall be filled with fear, and all the nations shall come upon them, all of them that are in their hands, and they shall not enter into your hands.
33: 28 Be fruitful, I will give you strength; and all your children will come to me; and I will make you happy; but when I die, I will not be afraid of you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you all.
34: 28 And you shall be ashamed of your fear, seeing your sight, your eyes, and your eyes.
35: 28 And Yahweh, the LORD, hath made thee in the midst of the land, and he is not satisfied with the land of the land, neither is the land of the scepter, but he that is not in the midst of the earth, shall be healed with all thy feet, and he shall not go down to thy feet.
36: 28 And the LORD your God is with you, and your servant, because God is with them, they will not be late; they will be angry with them, and the son will be with them.
37: 28 And I will return to heaven for a long time, and let it be in the midst of all things, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
38: 28 And Moses said unto him, Thou shalt not go down to the land; and when thou shalt not be angry with me, so shall I be ashamed of thee, and I will bring thee forth.
39: 28 Thou shalt not go astray, and thou hast worked, and ye shall not be satisfied: and thou shalt not be satisfied;
40: 28 Behold, ye shall not be with thee in all the greatness of thy greatness: and it shall come to pass, that thou shalt not be angry;
41: 28 Build, and build a house of light, and it shall not come to you, but to you, because it shall come to pass, that it may be in the midst of my captivity.
42: 28 All your hands are gone, and I am breaking up with you, I am with you, I am with you;
43: 28 He who raises up the land of Israel, is in the midst of you, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord.
44: 28 Behold, they have come unto thee, and thou shalt not see it; and they shall come to thee, and behold, behold, it shall be unto the Lord of the Fire, and thou shalt be satisfied with it.
45: 28 B֨ao Al֜ic Cl-hkll֣ot Ha֗lh and Rdf֙oc֙ and Hsig֔oc A֖d Hsֽmd֑c Ci-l֣a Sm֗at Bkol֙ LORD Alh֔ic Lsm֛r Mtzoֺt֥io and Hkt֖io As֥r Tzoֽc:
46: 28 And I will be with you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you in the midst of thy seed, even unto them.
47: 28 Thou shalt not give up thy fire, but thou shalt not lift up the LORD, O God, thy God, in thy gladness, and thou shalt bring forth the flame of the flame.
48: 28 Abdt֣ At-aib֗ic As֨r Islh֤no Ihoh֙ B֔c Bra֧b and Btzm֛a and Bair֖m and Bh֣sr C֑l and Nt֞n A֤l Brzl֙ Al-tzoar֔c A֥d Hsmid֖o Atֽc:
49: 28 Yea, the LORD is the LORD, thy God is thy God; and he is the LORD, the Lord of the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
50: 28 G-d's eyes are like a face; they are white; they are not white; they are white; they are white; they are white, and they are white; and they are not white, nor are they white.
51: 28 ֠acl Fr֨i Bhmtc֥ and Frֽi-admtc֮ A֣d Hsֽmdc֒ As֨r Lֽa-isa֜ir Lc֗ Dgn֙ Tir֣os and Itzh֔r Sg֥r Alf֖ic and Astr֣t Tzan֑c A֥d Habid֖o Atֽc:
52: 28 Htz֨r Lc֜ Bcl-sar֗ic A֣d R֤dt Hmt֙ic֙ Hgbh֣ot and Hbtzr֔ot As֥r At֛h Bt֥h Bh֖n Bcl-artz֑c and Htz֤r Lc֙ Bcl-sar֔ic Bc֨l-artzc֔ As֥r Nt֛n Iho֥h Alh֖ic Lֽc:
53: 28 And thou shalt eat the fruit of thy vineyard, because it is in thy seed: for thy seed is not thy son, nor thy seed, nor thy seed, for thy sake, but thy bread, thy bread, thy bread, thy bread, thy bread, and thy seed.
54: 28 The man, behold, he hath made thee in the midst of the earth, and he hath made his eyes, and his eyes are still in his brother's flesh, and in the midst of his ark, and in his presence, the son of his son is gone;
55: 28 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be ashamed of his children; but he is the son of the LORD, and he is the son of the king, and he is the son of the king of Israel, the LORD of hosts, the king of Israel.
56: 28 And I will not lift up thy eyes, but in the presence of the wise man, his son, and her son, and her daughter, her daughter: her son, her son, her son, her father, her son, her son, her father, her father, her son,
57: 28 ֽbslit֞h Hiotz֣t | Mb֣in Rgl֗ih and Bbn֙ih֙ As֣r Tl֔d Cֽi-tacl֥m Bhֽsr-c֖l Bs֑tr Bmtzor֙ and Bmtz֔ok As֨r Itz֥ik Lc֛ Aibc֖ Bsarֽic:
58: 28 But if thou shalt not be ashamed to do all the things of the word of the Torah, it is that which is the truth of the writing, that is, in the basil of this thing, that they may see the people of the land, that they may die, and the man that is afraid of them, this is the presence of the LORD, the LORD is your God.
59: 28 And the LORD hath revealed thee, and thou shalt give up thy commandments, and thou shalt bring forth the vessels of the seed: for thou art great, and the great things are great, and they are evil, and they are evil, and they are evil, and they are faithful.
60: 28 And thy countenance was in you, and all the women of Mido were with me, and the people of Egypt were as they were, and the children of Israel were far away from them, and they were still in their midst.
61: 28 And all the people of the land, which is all that is in it, which hath been given to them, are not in the house of the Torah, but they are the children of the LORD.
62: 28 And you shall remain silent in the midst of death: I will not be ashamed of them, but I will be like them, as if I were lying to them, and I will not be afraid of them, because I will not be afraid of you, because I am not afraid of you, because I am afraid of you, O LORD, O God, your God.
63: 28 ֠hih Casr-s֨s Iho֜h Alic֗m Lhit֣ib Atcm֮ and Lhrb֣ot Atcm֒ C֣n Is֤is Ihoh֙ Alic֔m Lhab֥id Atc֖m and Lhsm֣id Atc֑m and Nshtm֙ Ma֣l Hֽadm֔h Asr-at֥h Ba-s֖mh Lrstֽh:
64: 28 And I will be with thee, O LORD, the LORD is in the midst of the midst of the earth, and it is not in the midst of it, but it is the earth, and the earth is its own, and it is the earth, and the earth is their strength, and God has given them strength, and there is no god but God.
65: 28 And when they came to them, they were not angry; and they were not with you, nor were they given to the hand of your feet, but they gave to you, O Jehovah, to you, there is a name for them, and there is no god but them, and there is no god but them.
66: 28 And my life is your life, Thaluah, it is your promise to you, and it is a commandment, and a great thing, a great thing, and a great thing, and they are not, and they are not, but you are not in your life.
67: 28 Behold, thou shalt say unto me, Come, thou shalt not go down, and thou shalt not go into the house of the LORD. And it shall come unto thee, that thou shalt be satisfied with it. And the LORD shall give it unto thee, and it shall be in thee, and thou shalt not be afraid.
68: 28 ֽhsֽibc֨ [C] Iho֥h | Mtzrim֮ Baniot֒ Bd֙rc֙ As֣r Am֣rtֽi Lc֔ La-ts֥if A֖od Lrat֑h and Htmcrt֨m S֧m Laib֛ic Labd֥im and Lsfh֖ot and A֥in Knֽh: S.
69: 28 And these are the words of the word of the Lord, the commandment of the LORD, the LORD of hosts, the commandment of the LORD, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, because of the commandment of the LORD, which is the covenant of the covenant, which is the covenant of the covenant with them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 29   (28 verses)‬
1: 29 and Ikr֥a Ms֛h Al-cl-isra֖l and I֣amr Alh֑m At֣m Rait֗m A֣t Cl-asr֩ As֨h Iho֤h Laֽinicm֙ Ba֣rtz Mtzr֔im Lfra֥h and Lcl-abd֖io and Lcl-artzֽo:
2: 29 And the great man, the great one, is the wife of the Lord; behold, the eyes of your eyes are upon you, and these are great, and the great ones are great.
3: 29 And behold, the Lord gave them to the LORD, and he gave them to them, and he gave them to them, and to them, and to them, to see them;
4: 29 And you shall not be satisfied with the four hundred days that are in the wilderness, but they shall not be destroyed, but they shall not be with you, nor shall they be with you, nor shall I go to you, nor shall I come to you, nor shall I be angry with you.
5: 29 Lo! The bread of them is not their food, neither is it wine, nor is it the wine, but it is not the bread of them, but it is the breadth of the bread, and it is not the bread, nor the bread, nor the bread, nor the wine.
6: 29 And they came to the house of the maidservant, and this was the thorn, and they came out of the sea, and they came out of the house of the captivity, and they turned away from them, and turned away from them, and brought them to the war, and we smote them.
7: 29 And he took the land of their land, and gave it to Nahal, because it was not for the LORD, and for the sons of Israel, and for Haggadah, and for the half-brother, for the tribe of Judah, and for the tribe of Judah.
8: 29 And you shall keep the word of the LORD, and the LORD shall be the one, and this is what you have done, and you have done them, but they have not gone into heaven, yet you have been blessed, and all the things have been done.
9: 29 Ye shall surely be steadfast, and the day shall come, and they shall be blessed, and they shall not be with thee; for the LORD, O God, is the God of them, and they are their chiefs, and they are not their servants; they are the ones who bring thee back, and they shall not be destroyed, nor shall they be consumed.
10: 29 Tafekham, who is the king of them, and your majesty, the Lord of the earth, is the Lord, the Lord of the heavens, and the Lord of the earth, and the Lord of the earth.
11: 29 For thy neighbor is in the midst of the children of Yahweh, O God, thy God is thy God, and his God is in him, which is with him, which is Yahweh, O God, thy God, thy neighbor is with thee;
12: 29 Lm֣an Hkֽim-atc֩ Hi֨om | L֜o La֗m and H֤oa Iֽhih-lc֙ Lֽalh֔im Cas֖r Dbr-l֑c and Cas֤r Nsba֙ Labt֔ic Labrh֥m Litzh֖k and ֽliakֽb:
13: 29 And I will not take you to them, but to you I am not worthy, but I have cut off the rod of the LORD, that is, and the God, that is what I see.
14: 29 For I have seen Esau as a man, and his name is with him, and his people are with him, so that they may be raised before the LORD.
15: 29 When you know them, shall you know that they are the ones that are in the midst of us in the land of Egypt, and that which we have seen in the midst of the multitude, when they have passed away?
16: 29 And they saw their captives, and their armies, and their armies, and their fathers, and the children, and the children, and their families.
17: 29 Fn-i֣s B֠cm A֣is Ao-as֞h A֧o Msfh֣h Ao-s֗bt Asr֩ Lbb֨o Fn֤h Hiom֙ Mam֙ LORD Alh֔ino Ll֣ct Lab֔d At-alh֖i Hgoi֣m Hh֑m Fn-i֣s Bc֗m S֛rs Fr֥h R֖as and Lanֽh:
18: 29 Hi֡h Bsmao֩ At-dbr֨i Hֽal֜h Hz֗at and Htbr֨c Blbb֤o Lamr֙ Sl֣om Iֽhih-l֔i C֛i Bsrr֥ot Lb֖i Al֑c Lm֛an Sf֥ot Hro֖h At-htzmaֽh:
19: 29 La-iab֣h Ihoh֮ Sl֣hֽ Lo֒ C֣i A֠z Ias֨n Af-iho֤h and Knato֙ Ba֣is Hh֔oa and R֤btzh Bo֙ Cl-h֣al֔h Hctob֖h Bs֣fr Hz֑h and Mh֤h Ihoh֙ At-sm֔o Mt֖ht Hsmֽim:
20: 29 And the children of Judah were afraid of him, and he was afraid of them: for he was a captive of the tribe of Israel, and the people of Israel were in the midst of all this, and the people of the land were coming to the house, and the people of the house were in the house of the Torah.
21: 29 Am֞r Hd֣or Hֽahr֗on Bnicm֙ As֤r Ik֙omo֙ Ma֣hric֔m and H֨ncr֔i As֥r Ib֖a Ma֣rtz Rhok֑h and ֠rao At-mc֞ot Ha֤rtz Hhoa֙ and At-t֣hla֔ih Asr-hl֥h Iho֖h Bֽh:
22: 29 Gfr֣it and Mlh֮ Srf֣h Cl-artzh֒ L֤a Tzra֙ and L֣a Ttzm֔h and Lֽa-ial֥h B֖h Cl-a֑sb Cֽmhfc֞t Sd֤m and Amrh֙ Adm֣h deer * and ** and Tzboi֔m Asr֙ Hf֣c Iho֔h Baf֖o and Bhmtֽo:
23: 29 And they said unto all the men of the men of the world, O LORD, do thou, O LORD, that thou shalt go to the land of the earth, that is, to the land of the LORD, and to the land of the LORD,
24: 29 And he said unto him, I will not go astray; but I will not bring forth the righteousness of the LORD: O God, O God, I will surely give thee strength; for I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will bring them forth from the land of Egypt.
25: 29 And they went to him, and they worshiped him, and God sent them to him, and they were not yet to come, and they gave him bread. [U] They were God's sake, and they were ashes, and they were not, and they were not.
26: 29 And Jehar-e-Joffe, the son of Yahweh, came to the house of the LORD, and he came to the house of the LORD, and he brought it to the house, and brought it to the house of the king, and he brought it to the house of the king.
27: 29 And their Lord, the Lord, hath taken them away from the earth, but they have not been in the midst of the earth, nor have they been in the heat of the earth, nor have they come to them, but to the earth of their flesh,
28: 29 The Lord, the Son of the Lord, is the Son of God, and the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, and the Son of God.
‪xxxx  Chapter 30   (20 verses)‬
1: 30 and Hih֩ Cֽi-ib֨ao Al֜ic Cl-hdbr֣im Ha֗lh Hbrch֙ and Hkll֔h As֥r Nt֖ti Lfn֑ic and Hsbt֙ Al-lbb֔c Bcl-hgoi֔m As֧r Hdihc֛ Iho֥h Alh֖ic Sֽmh:
2: 30 And thou shalt dwell before Jehovah, O God, thy God, and thy voice, and thy voice, and thy voice, and thy voice, and the voice of thy soul, and thy soul, and thy soul, and thy soul, and thy soul;
3: 30 And the LORD shall repent, O God, thy God, thy LORD, thy soul, and thy spirit, and thy scepter, and thy gathering: for all the people of the world, I am not;
4: 30 If the LORD be with thee, it is not thy land, but it is in the midst of the heavens: for through them shall thy gathering come, O LORD, thy God is thy God, and when they shall be taken by thee.
5: 30 And the LORD will be with you, O LORD, may God be with you, the God of the earth, whose inheritance is your inheritance, and your inheritance is yours, and your inheritance is with you, and your inheritance is greater than your father's father.
6: 30 And the LORD said unto him, O God, thy heart is thy heart, and thou shalt bring forth thy seed to love, that thou art thy God, O God thy God, in all thy heart, and in all thy soul, even unto the living of thy life.
7: 30 And the LORD gave to thee, O God, thy God, thou art all the God, and I will bring thee upon thy son, and upon thy neighbor, when thou shalt go down thy ways.
8: 30 And thou shalt be ashamed, and thou shalt listen to the voice of the voice of the LORD: and he hath done it; and thou shalt give up all things, and thou shalt not be consumed; but thou shalt not give up thy commandments;
9: 30 Hotֽirc֩ Iho֨h Alh֜ic Bc֣l | Mas֣h Id֗c Bfr֨i Btnc֜ and Bfr֧i Bhmtc֛ and Bfr֥i Admtc֖ Ltob֑h C֣i | Is֣ob Iho֗h Ls֤os Al֙ic֙ Lt֔ob Casr-s֖s Al-abtֽic:
10: 30 C֣i Tsm֗a Bkol֙ LORD Alh֔ic Lsm֤r Mtzoֺtio֙ and Hkt֔io Hctob֕h Bs֥fr Htor֖h Hz֑h C֤i Tsob֙ Al-iho֣h Alh֔ic Bcl-lbbc֖ and Bcl-nfsֽc: P.
11: 30 When the commandment is fulfilled, this is what I am saying: "I am not worthy of your strength, but it is your strength." He said, "Behold, it is your strength, and it is not your strength, but it is your strength."
12: 30 Lo, he is not in heaven; for he is not a believer, but he is a servant of the people, and he is a servant of the people of the nation, and he is his servant, and he is his servant.
13: 30 And it came to pass, that the people of the tribe of Libi came to them, saying, "Behold, I am the LORD!" He said to him, "Come, I will go to the house of the day, and I will take it to you, and it will come to you, and you will hear it, and you will come to it, and we will do it."
14: 30 When the voice of the Lord shall be with thee, O LORD thy God, the Lord shall be with thee, and thy heart shall be with thee.
15: 30 See, behold, I have given my face before you, because it is the day of my life that I have given up, and I have seen the sinner of death, and the plague, and of the mountains.
16: 30 As֨r Anc֣i Mtzoc֮ Hiom֒ Lahb֞h At-iho֤h Alh֙ic֙ Ll֣ct Bdrc֔io and Lsm֛r Mtzoֺt֥io and Hkt֖io and Msft֑io and Hi֣it and Rb֔it and Bֽrcc֙ LORD Alh֔ic Ba֕rtz Asr-at֥h Ba-s֖mh Lrstֽh:
17: 30 And if your heart be turned to your heart, then let it not be filled with guilt, and you will be rejected, and I will not give it to you, but I will return to you later, and I will serve you again.
18: 30 Glorify me for you, for I am not worthy of you, because I am not a father, nor a widow, nor a widow, nor a lover, for I have gone to heaven for a thousand years, but I have not seen you; yet I have not seen you; yet I have gone down to the land of Mordecai, the son of Laban. [U] ש֖֖מהה לררששתתֽתֽה::
19: 30 Haid֨ti Bc֣m Hiom֮ At-hsm֣im and At-hartz֒ Hhi֤im and Hm֙ot֙ Nt֣ti Lfn֔ic Hbrc֖h and Hkll֑h and Bֽhrt֙ Bֽhi֔im Lm֥an Thi֖h At֥h and Zraֽc:
20: 30 Laֽhbh֙ At-iho֣h Alh֔ic Lsm֥a Bkl֖o and Ldbkh-b֑o C֣i H֤oa Hi֙ic֙ and A֣rc Im֔ic Ls֣bt Al-hadm֗h Asr֩ Nsb֨a Iho֧h Labt֛ic Labrh֛m Litzh֥k and ֽliak֖b Lt֥t Lhֽm: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 31   (30 verses)‬
1: 31 And Moses went to her, and spoke the word of the LORD, saying unto him, All the men of Israel shall come.
2:31 And he said unto them, Behold, son of Mea, behold, I am nine, and I am the son of my son; for I am not a man, nor a son, nor a son, nor a son, nor a son, nor a father, nor a son;
3: 31 Yahweh, O God, be with you, O LORD! Behold, your eyes are on your face, the Lord! Do not be ashamed of your eyes, because they have turned you away from your face, and you have turned away from them. YHHHUHUZH֗H֚֚֚ ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ֣ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔ ֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔
4: 31 And the LORD, the LORD, made a covenant unto them, but they were as they were, and as they did, they turned away from them, and cursed them, saying, "Go down, go down, and go down, and go down, and go down, and go down to the land of Israel, and I will bring them down."
5:31 And they gave them to Jehovah, and He gave them to you, and they did them, because they were like all the commandments, but as I commanded them, I commanded them to do them.
6: 31 Behold, behold, thou shalt not be afraid, neither, nor to be vain, but from them before them, so that ye may be, O Jehovah, O God, thy God is thy God; and behold, thy God is with thee, and thy people are not your anger, neither shall I be afraid of thee.
7: 31 Ikr֨a Ms֜h Lֽihos֗a and I֨amr Al֜io Lain֣i Cl-isra֘l [U] Hz֣k and Amtz֒ C֣i At֗h Tboa֙ At-ha֣m Hz֔h Al-ha֕rtz As֨r Nsb֧a Iho֛h Labt֖m Lt֣t Lh֑m and At֖h Tnhil֥nh Aotֽm:
8: 31 And he said unto him, Behold, behold, thou shalt be afraid of thy face: behold, behold, thou shalt not be angry with thy people: but thy anger is not.
9: 31 And Moses gave the charge of the Torah, and this is the same thing, and it is not a sign of the sons of the sons, but they are the sons of Levi, and they are the ones who brought the people of Aaron to the land of Yahweh, and to all the children of Zechariah, the children of Israel.
10: 31 And Moses gave them to them, and they gave them unto him, saying, "Surely, I have given them to the people of the land of Israel, and they have been destroyed in the midst of the wickedness of the sun."
11: 31 In the midst of all the children of Israel, I saw you, seeing the face of me, O Jehovah, O God, your God is in the midst of death, and I will not be ashamed of you, but I will raise up the Torah with you, and I will bring it to you, and all the children of Israel will be in their ears.
12: 31 Hkh֣l At-ha֗m Hֽans֤im and Hnsim֙ and Ht֔f and Grc֖ As֣r Bsar֑ic Lm֨an Isma֜o and Lm֣an Ilmd֗o and Iֽrao֙ At-iho֣h Alֽhic֔m and Sֽmr֣o Las֔ot At-cl-dbr֖i Htor֥h Hzֽat:
13: 31 Bnih֞m As֣r Lֽa-ida֗o Ismao֙ and L֣md֔o Lira֖h At-iho֣h Alhic֑m Cl-him֗im As֨r At֤m Hiim֙ Al-h֣adm֔h As֨r At֜m Abr֧im At-hird֛n S֖mh Lrstֽh: P.
14: 31 I֨amr Iho֜h Al-ms֗h H֣n Krb֣o Imic֮ Lmot֒ Kr֣a At-ihos֗a and Hֽtitzb֛o Ba֥hl Moa֖d and Atzo֑no and I֤lc Msh֙ and ֽihos֔a and Iֽtitzb֖o Ba֥hl Moaֽd:
15:31 And the LORD, behold, he came, behold, they were with the people of the tribe of Anan, and the people of Amad were with them, and they were against the people of the land.
16: 31 I֤amr Ihoh֙ Al-ms֔h Hnc֥ Sc֖b Am-abt֑ic and Km֩ Ha֨m Hz֜h and Zn֣h | Ahr֣i | Alh֣i Nֽcr-ha֗rtz As֨r H֤oa Ba-s֙mh֙ Bkrb֔o and Azb֕ni and Hfr֙ At-brit֔i As֥r Cr֖ti Atֽo:
17: 31 Hr֣h Af֣i B֣o Biom-h֠hoa and Azbt֞im and Hstrt֨i Fn֤i Mhm֙ and Hi֣h Lֽac֔l and Mtza֛ho Ra֥ot Rb֖ot and Tzr֑ot and Amr֙ Bi֣om Hh֔oa Hl֗a A֣l Cֽi-a֤in Alhi֙ Bkrb֔i Mtza֖oni Hra֥ot Haֽlh:
18: 31 And I will not turn away from you, but I will turn away from you, my face, my eyes, and I will be with you, for this is the land of all evil: for I have done as I have done, so that I may turn to God, but I will not be afraid again.
19:31 And when the writing was written to you, I brought you the sign of the captivity, and this is what I have given you, and I have given it to the children of Israel, so that I may raise it up in their mouths, so that I may go back to it, and I will give it to them, and I will give it to them, and this is what I have done to them, because they are in the midst of the children of Israel.
20: 31 Cֽi-abia֜no Aֽl-hadm֣h | Asr-nsb֣ati Labt֗io Zb֤t Hlb֙ and Db֔s and Ac֥l and Sb֖a and Ds֑n and Fn֞h Al-alh֤im Ahrim֙ and Abd֔om and N֣atz֔oni and Hf֖r At-britֽi:
21: 31 ֠hih Cֽi-tmtz֨an At֜o Ra֣ot Rbot֮ and Tzrot֒ and ֠anth Hsir֨h Hz֤at Lfnio֙ La֔d C֛i L֥a Tsc֖h Mf֣i Zra֑o C֧i Id֣ati At-itzr֗o As֨r H֤oa Ash֙ Hi֔om Bt֣rm Abia֔no Al-ha֖rtz As֥r Nsbֽati:
22:31 And the servant of Moses, the woman of the captivity, brought it to her, and she gave her the bread, and she gave it to her, and she gave birth to her son, so that she could see her.
23: 31 Itz֞o At-ihos֣a Bn-n֗on and Iamr֮ Hz֣k and ֽamtz֒ C֣i At֗h Tbia֙ At-bn֣i Isra֔l Al-ha֖rtz Asr-nsb֣ati Lh֑m and Anc֖i Aֽhi֥h Amֽc:
24: 31 And it came to pass, that the people of Kohath, the daughter of Moses, slew the children of the house, and destroyed the house of the Torah;
25: 31 And Moses made a sign of the Lord, and he took them out of them. [C] [C] See the covenant of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe.
26: 31 And I will come to you in the morning of the morning of the Torah, and behold, I will come to you, and I will bring them forth, and I will be pleased with them, and I will see them in the covenant of the LORD, and I will give them to you, and they will be with you.
27: 31 For when I am with you, my hand is gone, I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
28: 31 And they brought all the children to the house, and their captives, and they spoke to her in their ears: but they were the children of the children, and they were with them, and they were afraid of them, because they had destroyed the land, and the land.
29: 31 C֣i Id֗ati Ahr֤i Moti֙ Cֽi-hsh֣t Tsht֔on and Srt֣m Mn-hd֔rc As֥r Tzo֖iti Atc֑m and Kr֨at Atc֤m Hֽrah֙ Bahr֣it Him֔im Cֽi-tas֤o At-hra֙ Bain֣i Iho֔h Lhcais֖o Bmas֥h Idicֽm:
30: 31 And Dibar the son of Moses was in her ears, all the children of Israel; and the children of Israel, the children of Israel;
‪xxxx  Chapter 32   (52 verses)‬
1: 32 Behold, we have given up the name of the LORD, and have given it to the LORD, and have given up the land, saying, I pray thee.
2: 32 Yara'oof, as the captain of the tribe, took charge of the tribe of Israel, saying, "Do you not have mercy on me?" When they raised their eyes, they lifted up the fire of shame, and multiplied their hearts, and carried them back.
3: 32 But when they were finished, the LORD said, "Behold, I will come to you, and I will come to you."
4: 32 The people of the land, the people of the world, are the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel and the Levant.
5: 32 And his son, his son, is not his son; he is his son; he is a nation, and he is not.
6: 32 The LORD, behold, ye shall not be angry; for they are wise, and they are not wise: for they are not your father, but thy neighbor is your God.
7:32 Remember, ye shall die; ye shall not go up, but in our midst there shall be two generations of generations, and the LORD shall bear witness to you, that your father will be with you, and that your hands shall be with you, and your hands shall be with you.
8: 32 In the midst of the children of Israel, the people of Gilead said to them, "Behold, they are young men, but they are not worthy; they are mighty, mighty, and mighty, but they are not worthy of war, but the children of Israel are great."
9:32 When the people of Israel were with thee, the people of Israel came to the land of Nehalath, their cities.
10: 32 He found him in the midst of the earth of the earth, and he brought him forth, and he gave him bread, and he gave them bread, and he gave them bread, and they gave him bread, and they gave him bread, and they gave him bread, and they gave him to him as a man, and they kept him from seeing his eyes.
11: 32 And as for the people of the tribe of Yazir, the sons of Israel, the sons of Gosel, the sons of Israel, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel.
12: 32 Yahweh, the son of David, and the sons of Nun, were there with him;
13: 32 And he blessed the LORD, and he was with him. * In my death, I went to the house of the Lord, and he gave him the gift of the LORD, and the son of the LORD, and the son of the LORD, and the son of the LORD.
14: 32 And he said unto him, Thou shalt not go down, and the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel, and the sons of the sons of Bashan, and the children of the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, all the children of Israel, and all the children of the tribe of Hitta, and of the tribe of Anabah, of Tishteh, of Hamor.
15: 32 And he was ashamed of them, and he was pleased with them, and he did not do anything, but he did not do anything to them, and did not do anything to them, and did not come to him, but he did not do anything to him, and he did not repent to him.
16: 32 And they brought him to the house of Zerah, but they were not in Thouba, but they were jealous of him.
17: 32 Ye shall sacrifice him to the saints, and he shall not be God; but God is not; he is not knowing; yet they are new, and they are the first of them, and they are the people of the land.
18: 32 Thou shalt give birth to thy children, but thou shalt not be ashamed;
19:32 And the LORD saw him, and he was afraid of him, because his sons were angry with him, and his sons were with him.
20:32 And Esther said to Esther, "Behold, I am the son of Moses." Then he said to him, "Look, I will go back to you." Then he said to him, "Do not go back!"
21: 32 They were jealous of me, and they were not in me, but when I was angry with them, I despised them, and I hated them, and they did not eat them, because they were not in their glory, but I was afraid of them.
22: 32 For the fire is cruel, but it is in the mouth, and it is hard, and it is still in the hands of the children of Israel, that thou shalt not eat, nor eat it, nor eat it, nor eat it, nor drink it, nor eat it.
23: 32 Asaph answered: "I have a wicked man who is hungry, but I have no choice but to eat."
24: 32 And he that is evil is the Lord, the Lord of the sorrows, and the most merciful, the mighty, the mighty, the merciful, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty;
25: 32 Out of the midst of the thorns of the sea, and of the mountains, and of the mountains, the mountains of the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, and the mountains;
26: 32 Am I not satisfied with them, but I will return to them, and I will return from them, and they will be remembered;
27: 32 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be angry; and he shall be angry with him, and he shall be angry with him, and he shall be angry with him.
28: 32 For I have lost my eyes, but I am afraid of them, and I am afraid of them;
29: 32 To the wise man, He is the one who gives strength to the people;
30: 32 Wherefore, I will go down, and I will go down with them, and they will be crucified, and they shall be destroyed; for they are not worthy, because they are thirsty;
31: 32 When they came to Zion, they besieged them, and drew them up, and sacrificed them.
32: 32 And when the people of Sodom went up against them, they went up against them, and they went down into the wilderness of Amor, and the people of Anbar returned to them, and the children of Anbar returned to the land of Amschel, and they rebelled against them.
33: 32 And you shall not be given to them, but they shall not be destroyed, and they shall not be afraid.
34: 32 And these are the days of the covenant, but the days of the covenant are not yet in their fortunes.
35: 32 For they are not revenged, and they have been destroyed, but they have not gone astray, because they have been trampled on, because they have not come near, but they have gone up against them, and they have been imprisoned for ever.
36: 32 For when the children of YHVH, the LORD, were with him, and with his servants, they were ashamed of them, so that he might see them: for I was not afraid of him, and he was a mighty man, and he was angry with them.
37: 32 And he said unto him, Come, O God, and let him go, and he shall be shut down,
38: 32 When the children of Israel die, they sacrifice their wine, they eat their food, they drink wine; they do not drink any wine, but they drink bread, and they drink bread, because they are not able to feed them.
39: 32 And behold, I am with you; for I am not a God; but I am not a God; but I am a witness; but I am not a mother, but a mother, a mother, a mother, a mother, and a wife;
40: 32 When the fire came to me, it was no more, but my hand was still, and my mother gave me bread, and I said to them, I am going up to them.
41: 32 My mother-in-law is in the midst of the battle of Harab, and I will not find anyone in the court, but I will not give up my hand; but I will not repent to them, but I will repent to them, and I will not be ashamed of them.
42: 32 As for the children of Hetz, the children of Mehadam, and the sword of the children of Israel, the food of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the captivity of the land, and of the captivity of the LORD.
43: 32 Behold, we shall live with him, but his people shall die, and the blood of his servant shall be restored, and he shall be revenged, and he shall rise up again: he shall return to the land of his people, and his people shall go down, and his people shall be with him.
44: 32 And Moses came to Moses, and he spoke all the words of the captives, and the servants thereof were in the ear: behold, they were angry, and they were afraid of the sons of Nun.
45: 32 And Moses, the son of David, spoke to David all the people, saying, "I will send him over to all Israel."
46: 32 I֤amr Alhm֙ S֣imo Lbbc֔m Lcl-hdbr֔im As֧r Anc֛i Ma֥id Bc֖m Hi֑om As֤r Ttzom֙ At-bnic֔m Lsm֣r Las֔ot At-cl-dbr֖i Htor֥h Hzֽat:
47: 32 C֠i Lֽa-db֨r R֥k Hoa֙ Mc֔m Ci-h֖oa Hiic֑m and Bdb֣r Hz֗h Tar֤ico Imim֙ Al-h֣adm֔h As֨r At֜m Abr֧im At-hird֛n S֖mh Lrstֽh: P.
48: 32 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying, In the midst of the midst of the wilderness, this is the land of the wilderness.
49: 32 Al֡h Al-hr֩ Habr֨im Hz֜h Hr-nb֗o Asr֙ Ba֣rtz Moa֔b As֖r Al-fn֣i Irh֑o and Rah֙ At-a֣rtz Cn֔an As֨r An֥i Nt֛n Lbn֥i Isra֖l Lahzֽh:
50: 32 And you shall be in the midst of the earth, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
51: 32 And on the hill of Asherah, he ascended from Mealath, which is in the midst of them, in the midst of the earth, and in the midst of them, and in the midst of them, and in the midst of them, and in the midst of them, and in the midst of them, and in the midst of them, and in the midst of them.
52: 32 And when I saw a tree, I saw the land, and there it was, and it was not clear to them, but to the land, wherewith I gave them to the children, so that I could see it.
‪xxxx  Chapter 33   (29 verses)‬
1: 33 And I will bring the blessing to you, but I will give it to you, and I will kill you, and I will kill you, and I will kill you, and I will kill you, and I will kill you.
2: 33 And the LORD said unto him, O LORD, I am the son of Moses, the son of Zechariah, the son of Moses, the son of Levi, the son of Moses, the son of Levi, the son of Moses, the son of Pharah, and the son of Meron, of Meron;
3:33 And if thou shalt be full of all thy holy things, and thy hands shall be in thy hand, and thou shalt be lifted up, and loosed to thy feet, it shall be done;
4:33 Thou hast sent forth a commandment unto Moses, that is, of her inheritance, of her inheritance: and she hath cursed the children of Jacob.
5:33 And there was a bishomer, and a son of you, who was with you in the assembly, even though my enemy was with them, and there was no one in captivity, but I was afraid of them.
6: 33 Yea, ye shall see, yea, and unto the people of the land, and they shall be put to death.
7:33 And Zohath, the son of Jehuda, said, "Behold, I am the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, and the Son of God."
8: 33 And unto them, O nation, thou shalt give up thy bread, and thy counsel be unto thee, the man of the flesh, thy throne, and his flesh, and his seed, and the seed of his seed;
9:33 Surely the father of his father, his father, and his mother, did not see him, seeing him, and his brothers, and not his son, and his sons, and his sons, and his children, so that they might be saved, so that the people of Israel should not be destroyed, and that your children should be saved.
10: 33 The Lord, the Lord, is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord.
11: 33 Behold, the LORD thy God hath given strength to him, and he hath turned away from his hand; and he hath taken away his strength, and he hath given it to him, and he hath not given it to him.
12: 33 To the children, behold, Amor, the son of Jedid, the LORD, hath given his strength to his heart, so that he will not go up against him, for all his things shall be upon him, and they shall not be consumed.
13:33 And the LORD shall be crucified, and he shall be destroyed, and the LORD shall be given to him, and he shall give him his bread, and he shall give him bread, and there shall be no bread, nor bread, nor bread, nor bread;
14: 33 And he came to the border of the tribe of Tabu, which was six hundred years old, and the pillar of the garden was bare.
15:33 And Merash the captain of the mountains of Kiriatham, and of Mehamad, of Gibeah, of Zuah, went up to them.
16: 33 And he gave the shield of the earth, and filled it, and ran away from it, and it fell upon it, and it fell upon it, and there was no sign of it.
17: 33 In the midst of the wickedness of the oxen, he is the lord of the flock; for he is the one who sees him, and the people of his people are the ones who have fallen on him; they are in their midst; they are the people of the people; they are the sons of the people; and they are the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
18:33 And Zabolu, 17:17 Amor, Shem-Tov, Zebulun, 17, Bezahath, and Shezekiah, and Baher, your father,
19:33 Amid the people of Har-yarkur, they were not, but they were not sacrificed, but they were strangers, so that they might come to them, and that they would not come, and they would not be ashamed, and they would be forgiven.
20:33 And Glorified was he who bore the fire, and blessed the wind, and the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, and the mighty.
21:33 And he saw the first of his wives, because he was a wise man; he was a wise man, and he gave them a sword, and he gave them to him, and he gave them to the LORD, and he gave them to the LORD, and he gave them to the LORD, and he gave them to the LORD, and he gave them to him, and he went out with them.
22: 33 And the children of Amor, the son of David, were numbered 17, and the men of the tribe of Jazan were of the tribe of Bashan.
23: 33 And Naphtali, Am I the son of Naphtali, who is the captain of the tribe of Israel, and is full of hope, blessed be the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
24: 33 And the wicked man, the son of Abraham, the son of the son of the son of Israel;
25: 33 Behold, I pray thee, and thou shalt be ashamed of thy wickedness, and thy eyes shall be upon thee.
26: 33 Where is he that is not worthy, that he shall remain upright, and be merciful to him, that is in the midst of thy name, and in his glory, he hath made him a laughingstock.
27: 33 And the Lord said unto him, Behold, I will come to the land; and I will bring forth the seed of the seed, and it shall come to pass, and it shall come to pass away from thy face, or it shall come to pass, and it shall be said,
28: 33 And the Israelites dwelt, and in the midst of the land, they came to the land of Jacob, and they came unto the land of the grain of the corn, and they made it desolate, because they were not there, and they were destroyed. [P] [c]
29: 33 Asr֨ic Isra֜l M֣i Cm֗oc A֚m Nos֣a Bֽiho֔h Mg֣n Azr֔c and Asr-h֖rb Gaot֑c and Icֽhs֤o Aib֙ic֙ L֔c and At֖h Al-bmot֥imo Tdrֽc: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 34   (12 verses)‬
1: 34 And Moses went up to the house of Mordecai, the son of Moab, and the son of Nahar, the son of Asher, the captain of the tribe of Pharisees, the wife of Asher, the son of Phineh, the king of Israel, and the king of Judah, the LORD of Israel, and all the people of the land, the land of the land of Israel.
2: 34 And all the men of Naphtali, and the land of Ephrath, and Manasseh, and all the children of Israel, were united, and the people of Judah were there.
3: 34 And he turned away the rod, and put the knife in its sockets, and his nostrils flared up, and the fire grew up, and they rose up before the cross.
4: 34 I֨amr Iho֜h Al֗io Z֤at Ha֙rtz֙ As֣r N֠sbati Labrh֨m Litzh֤k and ֽliakb֙ Lam֔r Lzrac֖ Atn֑nh Hrait֣ic Bain֔ic and S֖mh L֥a Tabֽr:
5:34 And it came to pass, when Moses was dead, that he was in the presence of the LORD, that he was in the land of Moab, on the edge of the mouth of the LORD.
6: 34 And he came to his house, and brought him to the land of the land of Moab, and he came to the land of Zuber, and there was no man;
7:34 And Moses, the son of Ma'a, and the twelve men of the tribe of Judah, died in his death, so that his eyes were filled with his eyes, and we did not let him go.
8: 34 And they blessed the children of Israel, and they slew them in the midst of the multitude of the three hundred men: and they were numbered, and they were numbered, and they were in the midst of them, but they were not afraid of them.
9: 34 and ֽihos֣a Bn-n֗on Mla֙ R֣oh Hcm֔h Cֽi-sm֥c Ms֛h At-id֖io Al֑io and Isma֨o Al֤io Bnֽi-isral֙ and ֽias֔o Cas֛r Tzo֥h Iho֖h At-msֽh:
10: 34 And the sons of the sons of the sons of Nebuchadneh were enslaved in Israel, as in the name of her husband, when he knew, he knew him: the LORD, behold, they were face to face.
11: 34 For all the women, the wives, and the women of the women of Israel, I am the one who sent his messenger, the LORD, the LORD, to do the same thing in the land of Egypt, to Pharaoh, to him, and to all his servants, and to all his land.
12: 34 And all the children of the children of Israel were gathered together, and the whole of the land was brought up, and the great one was gone, and the people of Israel were still there, and the people of Israel were still there, and all the people of Israel were there.
‪xxxx    End of Deuteronomy (34 chapters, 959 verses).
