‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.46. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Ecclesiastes (12 chapters, 222 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (18 verses)‬
1: 1 Speak to me, and I will bring the son of David to your house, and I will bring you to Jerusalem.
2: 1 Behold, the wolves are astonished, and the people of the house of Kohath are afraid, and they shall not be afraid.
3: 1 מהה- ּתּת֖ר֖ו לן לֽֽאדד֑֑ם בְּּכלל-עָמ֔ל֔ו֔ו שֽֽייּּעממ֖֖ל תּ֥חתת הששּֽֽממשׁש::
4: 1 Deuteronomy went forth, and he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt go down to the ground;
5: 1 And Zerah, the fifth of the sixth, and the sixth, the sixth, and the sixth, and the fifth, the fifth, the fifth, the fifth, the fifth, the fifth, the fifth, the fifth;
6: 1 And he went into the house of David, and went on, and went on to the side of the river, and he went on, and went on, saying, Behold, I will go down to you, and I will go down against you, and go round about.
7: 1 All the young men, are they ready for their life, and they are not, but they are not, but they are not, for they are not, but they are the men of the generations; they are the same; they are the same, but they are the same: they return to the land of Israel.
8: 1 All the children shall not be hungry; they shall not be ashamed; neither shall there be any sorrow for the children; neither shall they return to adultery, but fear, and fear not; yea, they shall not be filled with food.
9: 1 ماه-شּֽֽהָיی֙ا֙֙֙א ש שְְֶּּֽשֲּּֽֽ֔֔שֲָ֖֖֖֔ ששֲֲ֖֖֔֔ ש֖֖֖֔֔א ש שֶ֖֖֖֔א ש שֶ֑֖֖ כ כ ש ש֑֑֖ כ כ כ תחָד֖֖ ת ת תַָֽ֖֖ ת תַֽֽ: הַ ת ת תַֽֽ: ת ת תַַֽֽ הַ ת ת תַֽֽ: הַ ת תַֽֽ:
10: 1 The Lord, the Lord of the Universe, is the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe.
11: 1 And they shall not remember, they shall return to the firstborn, and they shall not be late: for they are not, they are not; they shall be their God; they shall be remembered, and they shall return to them, and they shall return to the latter.
12: 1 I have gone astray, and you have been with me, and I have brought you down to Israel, and I have been with you in Jerusalem.
13: 1 and Nt֣ti At-lb֗i Ldr֤os and Ltor֙ Bֽhcm֔h A֛l Cl-as֥r Nas֖h T֣ht Hsm֑im H֣oa | Ani֣n R֗a Nt֧n Alh֛im Lbn֥i Had֖m Lan֥ot Bֽo:
14: 1 See, I have seen all the things that have been done, and I have not seen them. And I have not seen them; but I have not seen them; but I have not seen them.
15: 1 Whosoever shall not be put to death, shall be put to death, and they shall be put to rest, and they shall not be put to death.
16: 1 Db֨rti An֤i Am-lbi֙ Lam֔r An֗i Hn֨h Hgd֤lti and Hos֙fti֙ Hcm֔h A֛l Cl-asr-hi֥h Lfn֖i Al-irosl֑m and Lb֛i Ra֥h Hrb֖h Hcm֥h and Dֽat:
17: 1 And you shall give me my heart, and I will bring wisdom to you, and I will go out of my way, and I will go out of my way, and I will be able to bring forth my hand, that I will make it, that it may come to pass, that I will not see it.
18: 1 When he was wise, he was wise, and he was angry, and he was very happy, and he was comforted.
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (26 verses)‬
1: 2 Am I the LORD, who is in the midst of my heart, and I am not with thee, but I will not give thee strength, but I will give her strength, and I will see her in the midst of fear, and she will be with her.
2: 2 And I will kiss the thorns, and I will bring them out of the house, and I will not bring them to the land, but what shall I do?
3: 2 T֣rti Blb֔i Lms֥oc Bi֖in At-bsr֑i and Lb֞i Nh֤g Bֽhcmh֙ and Lah֣z Bscl֔ot A֣d Asr-ara֗h Ai-z֨h T֜ob Lbn֤i Hadm֙ As֤r Iaso֙ T֣ht Hsm֔im Msf֖r Im֥i Hiihֽm:
4: 2 Behold, I have done my work; but my sons have given me to me; but I have not been able to do anything for you.
5: 2 I have done it to them, but I have not been able to save them, and I have turned away from them, and I have taken them away in their midst, all my anger.
6: 2 I have done unto them, that is, in the land of the earth, and they shall not be able to cast them out of their mouths: but the mountains shall be filled with trees.
7: 2 My sons have been with me for ever, and they have been married to the sons of the sons of the tribe of Judah. ​​They have been married to them. They have been married. They have been married. They have been married. They have been married. They have been married.
6: 2 For I have given you a cup of wine, a cup of water, a cup of water, and a cup of water, and I have given it to the king, and I have given it to the people, but they have done so, and I have not received it.
9: 2 And I went to my house, and destroyed my house, which was before it, before me, in the city of Jerusalem, even though they were not wise, but I was going up to them.
10: 2 and Cl֙ As֣r Sֽal֣o Ain֔i L֥a Atz֖lti Mh֑m Lֽa-mn֨ati At-lb֜i Mcl-smh֗h Cֽi-lb֤i Sm֙h֙ Mcl-aml֔i and Zֽh-hi֥h Hlk֖i Mcl-amlֽi:
11: 2 and Fn֣itֽi An֗i Bcl-masi֙ Sֽas֣o Id֔i and Bֽam֖l Sam֣lti Las֑ot and Hn֨h Hc֥l H֙bl֙ and Ra֣ot R֔oh and A֥in Itr֖on T֥ht Hsֽms:
12: 2 And I asked him, "Where are you? I have no mercy, but I am afraid of you, and I am afraid of you, and I will be foolish, and I will go to you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you."
13: 2 And when I saw it, I saw that I was ashamed, that I might be afraid of them, and that I would not be able to give them strength, because of the foolishness that I had given them.
14: 2 Behold, the wise man is in his sight, and in his head, and in his strength, and in thy strength, and in thy strength, and in thy hand, and in my presence, I will come to you, even though I will bring it to you, and I will bring it to you all.
15: 2 And if thou shalt go down, I will be in the heart of the earth, as it is in the heart of the thorn, and upon the thorn, and upon thine eyes, and upon my heart, and upon my heart, and upon my heart, I will not be ashamed.
16: 2 For they were not worthy, but they remembered their wickedness, and they did not return to the throne, but they rose up to them in the midst of the day of the coming days, so that the people of Israel were blessed, and your hands were full of strength, and the wisdom of the people was with them.
17: 2 And I will bring you up, and I will give you my life, and I will give it to you, because I will see it, and I will go up against it, and I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will return to you, and I will return to the land of Israel.
18: 2 And I will be glad to see you; for I have brought all the workers to work, that I am with you, that I have lost the six hundred shekels that we have given to them, because they have not yet come after them.
19: 2 And when the LORD was born, there was no power, but there was no power, but the power of the workers was not in the hands of all the workers, but the people of Israel were destroyed, and the people of Israel were destroyed, and the land was destroyed, and the land was destroyed.
20: 2 And thou shalt give me bread; I will not give up thy heart: but I will not go astray, but I will not go down with you.
21: 2 For it is the people of the world, that they have done, that they are wise in their wisdom, and in the midst of their wickedness, and because of them, that they have not gone astray, but they have been destroyed, and they have been destroyed, so that it may be desolate, and the evil is great.
22: 2 Wherefore, behold, there is no god but man, but in all things he hath done, and in his wickedness, he shall not be ashamed. [Q] [n] [v] When the people of the world enter into darkness, they will not be destroyed.
23: 2 For all his days are full of pain, and he is angry with him, so that he may not be angry with him, neither shall he be ashamed of him, neither shall he be afraid of him, neither shall he be afraid of him.
24: 2 And the people of the people of Israel, that were consumed by them, and brought them forth, and saw the tribe of Naphtam, and the people of the people, and the people of this land.
25: 2 For they shall not be consumed, and they shall be put to death, and they shall not be ashamed of them.
26: 2 C֤i Ladm֙ St֣ob Lfn֔io Nt֛n Hcm֥h and D֖at and Smh֑h and Lhota֩ Nt֨n Ani֜n Las֣of and Lcn֗os Ltt֙ Ltob֙ Lfn֣i Hֽalh֔im Gm-z֥h H֖bl and Ra֥ot Rֽoh:
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (22 verses)‬
1: 3 To the king of the time, and to all the people of the land, the land of the land of the heavens.
2: 3 It is a matter for the children of Israel to come and go to the land of Israel, to go to the land of Israel, and to return to the land of Israel.
3: 3 It is time for a man to fall down, and he is trying to lift up his anger, and he is trying to break the law, and he is ready to build his house.
4: 3 It is time to weep, and it is time to kiss, and to shake hands with the children of the children;
5: 3 How can your hearts be ashamed of you, and the sons of the sons of the sons of the children shall not be able to love them, and they shall not be afraid of the wind?
6: 3 If you ask for it, then it will be better for the father to return to the house of the LORD, and you will be able to destroy you.
7: 3 And it is hard for the wicked to come, but it is impossible for them to turn themselves to evil, to make judgments, and to do things to them.
8: 3 And the Lord hath given it to him, and he hath taken away the bread of the bread, and the grain of the grain of the bread.
9: 3 What is the commandment of the Lord, the Lord of the Throne, the Son of the Lord, the Lord of the Throne, and of the people?
10: 3 See, I have seen the people of the land, and they have been married to them, but they are not, but they are not gods, but they are the children of the people.
11: 3 At-hc֥l As֖h If֣h Bat֑o G֤m At-halm֙ Nt֣n Blb֔m Mbl֞i As֧r La-imtz֣a Had֗m At-hֽmas֛h Asr-as֥h Halh֖im Mr֥as and Ad-sֽof:
12: 3 Thou shalt bring me down: for I am not in the midst of them, but in them I am full of shame, but I will not be ashamed of them, nor shall I do anything to them in their lives.
13: 3 And all the men were full of them that were consumed, and they drank it, and they saw it, and they were afraid of all the workers, because they were afraid of God, but they were not.
14: 3 Thou hast made me angry, for all things are done, God has made a covenant, the LORD is the God of the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, and the Most High.
15: 3 What is the meaning of the word of God, as it is written in the Book of the Lord, and the Lord is the Lord, and the Lord is the Lord, and the Lord is the Lord, and the Lord is the Lord, and the Lord is the Lord.
16: 3 And I saw, and saw, I was with him, that I might be the judge of the court, because the judge was the judge of the judge, because he was guilty of the crime, and of the wickedness of the judge, the judge, the judge, the judge, the judge, the judge.
17: 3 Have you ever seen me in the heart of the Lord, and I have brought the wicked man to the ground, and the Lord has turned away from him, because he is angry with me all over the world, and he has done all that is wrong with her?
18: 3 Amen, I have seen you, and I have been in the heart of the earth, for I have spoken to them, and they are not, but they are the sons of God, because they are God, and they have not seen the ways of the people, because they are the people of their own nation.
19: 3 Ci֩ Mkr֨h Bֽni-had֜m and Mkr֣h Hbhm֗h and Mkr֤h Ahd֙ Lh֔m Cm֥ot Zh֙ C֣n M֣ot Z֔h and R֥oh Ah֖d Lc֑l and Mot֨r Had֤m Mn-hbhmh֙ A֔in C֥i Hc֖l Hֽbl:
20: 3 And the king went down to thee, and caused him to die, and all the people were there, and he was there, because of the anger of the king, and of that which went down to the world.
21: 3 מ֣י יוי י֗ד֗ע֗ר֚ר֚ו֚ה בְּנ֣נ֣ה האדּ֔ד֔ם הָעלל֥ה֥ה ה֖ה֖י֖א לְהממ֑עָהלָהה וה֙ה֙ה֙המהמ֑עָהל וה ו֙ר֙ו֙ו֙ה הבהבלהה֔ה֔ה היהיר֥ה֥ה הבהברהה֖ה היהירץת הה היהֶרץת הה היהֶרץת הה היהֶרץת הה היהֶרץת הה היהֶרץת הה היהֶרץת הה היהֶרץת הה היהֶרץת הה היהֶרץת הה היהֶרץת הה היהֶרץת הה היהֶרץת הה היהֶרץת הה היהֶרץת הה היהֶרץת הה היהֶרץת הה היהֶרץת הה לאאֶרץת:ה:: 21
22: 3 And I saw that I was with you, that I was not good, but that I was a man, and that the men were ashamed of them, because they were in the midst of them, because they were afraid of them, because they were afraid of them, and of them they were not. They were afraid of them, but they were afraid of them in the midst of them, but they were afraid of them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (17 verses)‬
1: 4 and S֣btֽi An֗i and Arah֙ At-cl-h֣ask֔im As֥r Nas֖im T֣ht Hs֑ms and Hn֣h | Dma֣t Hask֗im and A֤in Lhm֙ Mnh֔m and Mi֤d Aֽskihm֙ C֔h and A֥in Lh֖m Mnhֽm:
2: 4 And I will restore the death of the mother, because he will not be afraid of her, because of his death, because I will die, but I will not be afraid, but I will live forever.
3: 4 And he went to the house of Simeon, but there was no god, but there was no god; but he was not a man, but he was not a man; but he saw what he had done, and he saw it. Asaad, the son of Na'ash, the servant of the king, was the captain of the tribe of Simeon.
4: 4 And he saw it, and said, I will not let all the people go down; and all the children of the tribe of Israel will be destroyed; for they will not be able to live.
5: 4 The fool, he who hides his hands, and his hands, and his flesh, and his flesh.
6: 4 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not go down, but thou shalt not go down;
7: 4 And when I was born, I saw it, and saw it, and it came to pass, that was the fifth day of the sun.
8: 4 I֣s Ahd֩ and A֨in Sn֜i G֣m B֧n and A֣h Aֽin-l֗o and A֥in Ktz֙ Lcl-aml֔o Gm- * eyes ** Ain֖o La-tsb֣a A֑sr and Lm֣i | An֣i Am֗l and Mhs֤r At-nfsi֙ Mtob֔h Gm-z֥h H֛bl and Ani֥n R֖a Hֽoa:
9: 4 Be good, the two men are more precious than the other, but as a woman, there is no god but them;
10: 4 For if the other man befriended him, he shall destroy his brethren, and he shall be filled with his strength, and he shall be the one, and he shall not turn away from him, neither shall he be able to return to him.
11: 4 But they were not lying, but they were asleep, and they were burned down to them, and to your brother, your children were there.
12: 4 And when they were attacked, the other one went out, the one that was asleep; and he went up against him, and he went out against him, and he hid it, and he went back to his house, and he returned to him.
13: 4 And the Lord hath given him strength, and he hath given him strength, and he hath given it unto thee, even unto him, even though he is old, he is not a man;
14: 4 When the children of the tribe of Israel were forbidden, they did not die, because they were destroyed, because they were in their kingdom, and they were not in the house of the LORD.
15: 4 See, I have seen all the things that have come to pass, and this is the time of my life, and I have given them the name of the Lord, and I have given them the name of the Lord, the Lord of the years.
16: 4 And there was none of them in the midst of all the things that were with them, which were before them, because they were late; they were not pleased; they were not pleased with them, because they were not hungry, but they were afraid of them, and they were afraid of them, but they were afraid of them.
17: 4 Your name is on your feet, your feet are as high as the rain, and you shall go to the house of the God, and it shall be cold, and it shall be full of rain. And when the rain comes down, they shall not be afraid; for they shall not know, neither shall they know what to do.
‪xxxx  Chapter 5   (19 verses)‬
1: 5 Al-tbh֨l Al-f֜ic and Lbc֧ Al-imh֛r Lhotz֥ia Db֖r Lfn֣i Halh֑im C֣i Halh֤im Bsm֙im֙ and At֣h Al-ha֔rtz Aֽl-c֛n [C] Ihi֥o Dbr֖ic Matֽim:
2: 5 For it is in the house of the children of Israel that the people of Israel are in trouble, and the people of the land of Galilee are in the midst of the wilderness.
3: 5 When Thy name was born, he went down to the house of the LORD, and he returned to the house of the king, and he returned to him, and he returned to him, and he returned to him, and he returned to him, and he returned to the land of Galilee, and he returned to the land of Esau.
4: 5 And when the people of Israel went up, they went to the city of Siddh, and they rose up [Q] [n] [p], and they returned to their land.
5: 5 Al-tt֤n At-f֙ic֙ Lht֣ia At-bsr֔c and Al-tamr֙ Lfn֣i Hmla֔c C֥i Sgg֖h H֑ia L֣mh Iktz֤f Hֽalhim֙ Al-kol֔c and Hb֖l At-mas֥h Idֽic:
6: 5 For in the morning the dreams came to pass, and they went away, and they spoke, and rebuked them, and multiplied them, because they had taken God away, but they were not afraid.
7: 5 If the scepter is weak, and it is full of light, it shall be full of light, and the earth shall be filled with water, and it shall be brought forth in the hand of the earth, for it shall not come upon the earth, for it is not high, but it is high, and it is high; and it is high. [] [N] [p] שׁמ֔מ֔ר וב וב֖ו֖ה ע֖בֽיֽם:
8: 5 And I will not give up the land of the land, but it shall be the land of the land of the land.
9: 5 And he hath turned away from the sword of the sword, and he hath not returned to the house of the sword, and he hath not returned to the house of the LORD;
10: 5 In the hearts of the Lord, the Lord is great, and he is full of them, and he is not satisfied with them.
11: 5 And he was cut off, and the countenance of the tribe went on, but the people of the tribe of Israel, and the multitude of them, was consumed; and the people of the land were filled with fire, and there was no fire;
12: 5 He was wicked, but he was afraid of me, but I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him in the midst of the six months, and he was so strong that he could not see his heart.
13: 5 And the father of the seven, who was in the midst of the children of Israel, went up to them, and they went down, and they were in their hands, and they were not in his hand, but they were not with him.
14: 5 As when he was born, he came out of the midst of his mother, and he watered to him, saying, Is there any thing that is not going to come to you, as it is a captive, and what is there, that is, a nation that does not do it, but does not do anything to do that which is in your hands?
15: 5 And even this is a terrible thing: for it is a house of light, all of the people of the land, so that it may return to you, so that it may come to you, and it shall be given to you, and it shall be given to you, that it may be the seed of the sword,
16: 5 For all the people of his life have been consumed, and he has made a great effort, and his anger has multiplied, and his fear has come to him.
17: 5 Hn֞h Asr-ra֣iti A֗ni T֣ob Asr-if֣h Lֽacol-o֠lstot and Lra֨ot Tob֜h Bcl-aml֣o | Siam֣l Tֽht-hs֗ms Msf֧r Imi- * ** Hi֛io lived [Q] [q] Asr-nֽtn-l֥o Halh֖im Ci-h֥oa Hlkֽo:
18: 5 G֣m Cֽl-had֡m As֣r Nֽtn-l֣o Halhim֩ A֨sr and Ncs֜im and Hslit֨o Lac֤l Mm֙no֙ and Ls֣at At-hlk֔o and Lsm֖h Baml֑o Z֕h Mt֥t Alh֖im Hֽia:
19: 5 Behold, he is not angry; he will not destroy him; he will destroy his life: for he is alive, and he is afraid; for God is not satisfied; he is not satisfied with him, because he is glad to love him.
‪xxxx  Chapter 6   (12 verses)‬
1: 6 A wicked man, a woman, is not a woman, but she is a woman, and she is a servant of the Lord.
2: 6 A֣is As֣r Itn-l֣o Halh֡im Asr֩ and Ncs֨im and Cb֜od and ֽain֨no Hs֥r Lnfs֣o | Mc֣l Asr-itao֗h and Lֽa-islit֤no Hֽalhim֙ Lac֣l Mm֔no C֛i A֥is Ncr֖i Iֽacl֑no Z֥h H֛bl and Hl֥i R֖a Hֽoa:
3: 6 Am-iol֣id A֣is Ma֡h and Snim֩ Rb֨ot Iֽhi֜h and R֣b | Sihi֣o Imֽi-sn֗io and Nfso֙ La-tsb֣a Mn-htob֔h and Gm-kbor֖h La-h֣ith L֑o Am֕rti T֥ob Mm֖no Hnֽfl:
4: 6 Wherefore, behold, thou shalt not be ashamed of thy son, because thy hand shall be in thee, and thy name shall be consumed;
5: 6 And there was a sixth day, seeing it not; and it came to pass, that it was not, but it came to pass;
6: 6 And unto him he liveth, he hath a thousand years, and it is a time, and he is not a man;
7: 6 All the people have gone up to him, and they have given him up, and they have not been afraid, but they are not filled with hope.
6: 6 So that what is the meaning of the word of the Lord, the Lord of the World, is the commandment of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God.
9: 6 ט֛ו֛ו מַב מרר֥א֥ה ע ע֖נ֖י֖ם מֽהֲלךך- נ֑פשׁש גם-זז֥הה֖ה֖ב ול ור֥עּתרֽת רֽוחח:ה:
10: 6 מ-- שּֽֽההיי֗הה כְּּב֙ר֙ם נקק֣ר֣א שׁ֔מ֔ו וודנ֖ד֖ע אֲשׁר- ה֣ואא אם אדד֑ם- וללאאּוּו֣ל לל לם לדד֔ין ע֥םם * שתקיף ** שׁתת֖ק֖י֖ם מממֽֽנ:ו::
11: 6 For when there is a spoken word, multiply it, multiply it, and it is no more than what it is that is given to them.
12: 6 C֣i Mֽi-ioda֩ Mh-t֨ob Lֽad֜m Bֽhi֗im Msf֛r Imi-hi֥i Hbl֖o and Ias֣m Ctz֑l Asr֙ Mֽi-ig֣id Lֽad֔m Mh-ihi֥h Ahr֖io T֥ht Hsֽms:
‪xxxx  Chapter 7   (29 verses)‬
1: 7 To the Lord, the Lord is the Lord, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
2: 7 And the children of Israel came to the house of the LORD, and they went to the house of the LORD, and they returned to him.
2: 7 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not go down;
4: 7 Let the wise men be wise, but they shall not be in trouble, nor shall they be like fools, but they shall be glad in their gladness.
5: 7 And they shall not go astray: they shall not go down, but they shall be wise: they shall be no more than men, and they shall not be silenced.
6: 7 For when the wicked people were shut up, they came to the fire, and the fire was broken, and the fire was broken, and there was no heat.
7: 7 When the heart is full of love, it is not easy for them to be wise, but they will not destroy their hearts.
6: 7 ט֛ב אב אח֥ר֥י דת דבב֖ב֖ר מֽראשאִש֑י֑ת֑ה֥ט֥ב֥ב אב את אֽרךך-ר֖וּח מִן מגגַבּה- רֽוחח:ה:
9: 7 Do not be afraid of your neighbor, because he is angry with you, because he is angry with you, because you are angry with him in hell, like a fool.
10: 7 Do not say, O Lord, the Lord is the One, the Lord is the One, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the World.
11: 7 Behold, the wise man is wise, and he is with them, and he is willing to see the people of the land.
12: 7 When the children of Israel came to the house of the wise men, the children of Israel came to the house of the king, and the rest of the children of Israel was destroyed.
13: 7 See, thou hast done unto the God, that it is not, and that it is not.
14: 7 Behold, the Lord of the good is the Lord, and he is the Lord of the wicked, and the evil of them is the evil of the Lord. See, behold, thou hast done this unto the people. This is what God hath done. The LORD is the God of God, the Lord of the world, the God of the people, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, and of the people of the earth.
15: 7 You shall see me in the midst of the day, and behold, I will be ashamed of you, and I will be ashamed of you, and I will bear witness to your righteousness, and I will return to you, and I will make you happy with your wickedness.
16: 7 Do not be cruel to me, because I will fight against you, but I will not give them up to you. Why are you not paying attention to them?
17: 7 Do not be impressed, and multiply with him, and do not come to me, but I will not be able to do this. Why are you silent? Behold, I am with you.
18: 7 And when I was married, I gave birth to them, and the people of Zechariah returned to the land, and brought them to the house of the LORD.
19: 7 The wise man, he hath gone astray, but he is not satisfied, but he is not in the land of the LORD.
20: 7 Wherefore, if they are not, there is no god but the Lord, and there is no evil, but there is no evil;
21: 7 For they are all the servants of the people, but they are not, and they shall not be angry; but they shall not be with thee; for I will not let you go, but I will not be afraid of you.
22: 7 When the people are full of people, they multiply thy hand, and cause your heart to bleed. As for the people of Israel, you shall not be ashamed of them.
23: 7 All that I have found, I have lost my strength in the wise, but I have given thee strength, and I have given thee strength.
24: 7 The spirit of the oppressor is what the people of Israel are, and the people of the people of Israel, the people of Israel.
25: 7 And I will give you strength, and I will be with you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
26: 7 And I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
27: 7 See, behold, the LORD said, I have spoken with you, saying, Behold, I have gone astray, and I have come to my brother;
28: 7 As soon as there is no doubt, there is no hope for me, but I am not satisfied with you, but they are not with me, but from me, I am with you, and with me I will not be ashamed of you, nor will I be ashamed of you.
29: 7 And behold, behold, behold, thou hast made me captive: as the LORD hath done, the LORD hath given up the people, that is, the people of the land, and the people of the land, because of their fear, they are afraid;
‪xxxx  Chapter 8   (17 verses)‬
1: 8 מ֚י כי֣ה֣ה֣הָכ֔כ֔ם ום וממ֥י֥י יֹד֖ע֖ע פפּ֣ש דּש דה דבב֑ב֑ר חך חם ח חה֤ם֤֤ם֤֤֤֤֤֤֤֤ ד ד כ֤֙ ח ח֤֤֤֤ כ֤֤֤֤֤֤֤֤֤֤֤֤֙ ח ח֤֤֤֤֤֤֤֤ ח ח ח֤ ח֤֤֤֤֤֤֤֤֤֤֤֤֤֤֤֤֤֤֤֤ י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י
2: 8 I will not let you go, but I will go down to you, and I will say to you, 'The LORD is the LORD!'
3: 8 Thou shalt not turn away from his face; but thou shalt not go astray; for it is in the heart of the Lord, that he may be satisfied.
4: 8 In the name of the Lord, speaketh unto thee, that thou shalt go out, and enter into it. And what shall I say unto him, saying, Lord, thou shalt go thither.
5: 8 He who is thirsty is not a commandment; he is not afraid; but he is afraid of the Lord, and he is afraid.
6: 8 For all the people of the world have been exposed to evil, and they have been subjected to tribulation, because they are evil, but the people are great;
7: 8 For when I am not worthy, I am afraid of her, because she is like a woman, because she is a woman;
8: 8 Where are the men of the children of Israel? Why did not the people of Israel come to the land of Israel, but the people of the land of Israel, and of the tribe of Israel, were in control of the land, and the people of the land were still fighting with them, and they were not fighting with the war, and they were not afraid to fight against the evil of the people of Israel.
9: 8 And all my eyes, I saw you, and I saw my heart, and I gave my heart to him, and I did not do anything to him, but he did not do anything to me, nor did I do anything to him.
10: 8 And behold, I saw that they were evil; they were buried, and they were in the midst of them, and they were not sanctified, but they were oppressed, and they were oppressed, and they were destroyed, but they were not in the fire; but as for them, so did the people of the land.
11: 8 When the people of the house of the people of the house of the people of the land of the land of Israel are brought up, they are the people of the land, and the people of the land.
12: 8 As for the people of Hut, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel and the people of Israel.
13: 8 And they went not to the Lord, but to the Lord, and to the Lord, and to the Lord, and to the Lord, to the Lord, I will not be ashamed.
14: 8 Is-hbl֮ As֣r Nas֣h Al-hartz֒ As֣r | I֣s Tzdik֗im As֨r Mg֤ia Alhm֙ Cmas֣h Hrsa֔im and I֣s Rsa֔im Smg֥ia Alh֖m Cmas֣h Htzdik֑im Am֕rti Sgm-z֖h Hֽbl:
15: 8 and Sb֤htֽi Ani֙ At-hsmh֔h As֨r Aֽin-t֤ob Lֽadm֙ T֣ht Hs֔ms C֛i Am-lac֥ol and Lst֖ot and Lsm֑oh and H֞oa Ilo֣no Baml֗o Im֥i Hi֛io Asr-nֽtn-l֥o Halh֖im T֥ht Hsֽms:
16: 8 Cas֨r Nt֤ti At-lbi֙ Ld֣at Hcm֔h and Lraot֙ At-h֣ani֔n As֥r Nas֖h Al-ha֑rtz C֣i G֤m Biom֙ and Bl֔ilh Sn֕h Bain֖io Ain֥no Raֽh:
17: 8 and Raiti֮ At-cl-mas֣h Halhim֒ Ci֩ L֨a Ioc֜l Had֗m Lmtzoa֙ At-hֽmash֙ As֣r Nas֣h Tֽht-hs֔ms B֠sl As֨r Iam֧l Had֛m Lbk֖s and L֣a Imtz֑a and G֨m Am-iam֤r Hֽhcm֙ Ld֔at L֥a Ioc֖l Lmtzֽa:
‪xxxx  Chapter 9   (18 verses)‬
1: 9 C֣i At-cl-z֞h Nt֤ti Al-lbi֙ and Lb֣or At-cl-z֔h As֨r Htzdik֧im and Hhcm֛im and Abdih֖m Bi֣d Halh֑im Gֽm-ahb֣h Gm-sna֗h A֤in Iod֙a֙ Hֽad֔m Hc֖l Lfnihֽm:
2: 9 Hc֞l Cas֣r Lc֗l Mkr֨h Ah֜d Ltzd֤ik and Lrsa֙ Ltob֙ and Lth֣or and Ltm֔a and Lzb֔h and Las֖r Ain֣no Zb֑h Ctob֙ Cֽht֔a Hnsb֕a Cas֖r Sboa֥h Irֽa:
3: 9 Z֣h | R֗a Bc֤l Asֽr-nash֙ T֣ht Hs֔ms Cֽi-mkr֥h Ah֖d Lc֑l and G֣m L֣b Bֽni-h֠adm Mla-r֨a and Holl֤ot Blbbm֙ Bhiih֔m and Ahr֖io Al-hmtֽim:
4: 9 Whosoever shall dwell upon the flesh of the LORD shall choose the whole of the living, and shall not be put to death for any reason; for it is not possible for him to be alive, for he is the son of the LORD.
5: 9 For the people of the living are alive, knowing that the days of their death and death are not yet, but they are not knowing; they are not a nation, nor a nation, but a witness to them; that is, so that they may be forgotten, because they have not forgotten their memory.
6: 9 Have you not loved them yet? Why are you not married yet? Why are you so jealous of them, that you are not a father, nor a father, nor a servant? They are no longer among them, but they are no longer alive, but in the midst of them, I will make you happy.
7: 9 Let your heart be filled with gladness, and it shall be your bread, and it shall be given to you in the heart, and it shall be in your heart, and it shall be in your heart, and it shall be in your heart.
8: 9 Behold, all of you shall be ashamed of the children of your children, and they shall be faithful to your people, even if they are not ashamed.
9: 9 Ra֨h Hi֜im Am-as֣h Asr-ah֗bt Cl-imi֙ Hi֣i Hbl֔c As֤r Nֽtn-lc֙ T֣ht Hs֔ms C֖l Im֣i Hbl֑c C֣i H֤oa Hlkc֙ Bֽhi֔im and Bam֣lc֔ Asr-at֥h Am֖l T֥ht Hsֽms:
10: 9 As for the people of Israel, that is why you have done so, I do not know what you have done, because I have done so because I have not done anything, but I have not done anything, but I have not been able to do anything, but I am afraid of you, because I have not seen you, but I have not seen you yet.
11: 9 S֜bti and Ra֣h Tֽht-hs֗ms C֣i La֩ Lkl֨im Hmr֜otz and L֧a Lgbor֣im Hmlhm֗h and ֠gm L֣a Lhcm֥im L֙hm֙ and G֨m L֤a Lnbnim֙ A֔sr and G֛m L֥a Lida֖im H֑n Ci-a֥t and F֖ga Ikr֥h At-clֽm:
12: 9 C֡i Gm֩ Lֽa-id֨a Had֜m At-at֗o Cdgim֙ Snֽahzim֙ Bmtzod֣h Ra֔h and C֨tzfr֔im Hahz֖ot Bf֑h Ch֗m Iֽoksim֙ Bn֣i Hֽad֔m La֣t Ra֔h Cstf֥ol Alih֖m Ftaֽm:
13: 9 And behold, behold, I saw it, and behold, the greatness of the flesh, and the greatness, and the greatness;
14: 9 A mighty man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, and a tribe.
15: 9 And it came to pass, that there was a man, a man of strength, a wise man, and a mighty man; he saw the light of his wisdom, and his men, and he, behold, he remembered the man, the man of the throne, the ruler of the throne, the one who was there. [Q] [n] [p]
16: 9 And my mother, my wife, I am a good man, I am wise; she is mighty, and she is wise, and the wise man is in me, and I have spoken to her, and I have spoken to her, but they have not yet been touched.
17: 9 Speak wisely; ye shall not be ashamed; yea, they shall be ashamed; yea, they shall not be thirsty, nor shall they be ashamed of them.
18: 9 Thou shalt not be wise: thou shalt not go out of the house of all the children of Korab; and it shall be hot with them;
‪xxxx  Chapter 10   (20 verses)‬
1: 10 And the children of the tribe of Yahweh came to the tribe of Yahweh, who was in the midst of the rock, and the thorn of the sea, which was empty of the trees, and of the vineyard, and of the vineyard.
2: 10 Let the wise be wise to him, and he shall be faithful to him, and he shall not be ashamed of his foolishness.
3: 10 And even when thou shalt be ashamed, when he is foolish, he shall be ashamed of him, and he shall not be afraid, and he shall not be afraid;
4: 10 If you have the right to repent, you will not go up to your place, because you have not given up your wealth, because you are not cursing, because they are sinners, because they are great.
5:10 He was wicked, but he saw me, and I saw him, when he was ashamed of me, that he had come down from me, and that he had not come down from the house of the captives.
6: 10 And the king gave them a cup of wine, and they made bread, and they made bread, and there was no bread in them;
7: 10 See, I have worshiped them; they are against the swords; and the saints are the servants of the servants, but they are not over the land.
8: 10 He that hath broken up the wall of Gomorrah, and hath turned away from him; and he hath turned away great things: and he hath made them rich;
9: 10 The Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds.
10: 10 If the people of the land of the land of Israel go down, they shall not go down, and they shall not go down, nor shall they be mighty; and they shall be mighty, and the rest of them shall be able to prosper. [H].
11: 10 If the woman of the tribe of Israel die, let it not be taken, let them not whisper, and they shall not be permitted, and they shall not be permitted to transgress against the Levites;
12: 10 Speak to the wise, and behold, they are hot, and they have turned away from them, so that they may not be swallowed up.
13: 10 Thou shalt not speak the words of his mouth, but he is foolish, and after him, his mouth hath been shed;
14: 10 And the scepter, saying, Arise, this is the word, saying, The man is not afraid; he is not a man; he is a woman; and he is a woman; he is a son;
15: 10 The people of Galilee, the people of the land, shall come to the land of Israel, and the land of Israel shall not go into the land of Israel.
16: 10 I am with thee, and with thee is he that hath made thee king, and he hath made thee, and he hath made thee, that he may be in the cold;
17: 10 I will give you the land that the son of the son of Israel has made for you, and that you shall be in the midst of the world, and you shall prosper in his glory, and he shall not be with you.
18: 10 In the hand of the mighty, the LORD shall come to you in the depths of the earth, and in the hand of the hand of the hand, the hand of the hand;
19: 10 Let them make a covenant with them, and they shall fight against them, and they shall be with them, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall be destroyed, and the sword shall be put to rest.
20: 10 G֣m Bmdֽac֗ M֚lc Al-tkl֔l and Bhdri֙ Msc֣bc֔ Al-tkl֖l As֑ir C֣i A֤of Hsm֙im֙ Iol֣ic At-hk֔ol and B֥al * wings ** Cnf֖im Ig֥id Dbֽr:
‪xxxx  Chapter 11   (10 verses)‬
1: 11 Your peace be upon you, and upon your face, and upon your eyes, and on your knees, you shall find us.
2: 11 Thou shalt give them bread to the sixth, and they shall not be put to rest there; for they are not; they are not afraid; they are evil; they are evil, but they are not with the earth.
3:11 But if they go up, they will not go up against them, because they will be iniquity, and if they will go up against them, they will go out of their way, and they will be in the midst of their wickedness, because they will not give up their wickedness, but their wickedness will be gone.
4: 11 And he went up to the house of the king, and he saw it, and he saw it, and he saw it not.
5: 11 As a man, I am not your God; he is the LORD, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the kingdom, the Lord of the earth, of all things, the Lord of the world, the Lord of God, the Lord, the Lord of God, the Lord of the World.
6: 11 Behold, I will bring forth the seed of the seed of thy seed, and the heart of thy heart: for thy hand shall be with thee, for I will bring thee to the earth, and I will bring thee forth. [U] O my God, behold, I will be blessed, and behold, this is the presence of the Lord, O Moses, and the mother of the children of Israel.
7:11 And when the oppressors came, they came to them, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they saw them, seeing that they had seen the fire of the sun.
8: 11 But when they were raised, the LORD gave them life, because they were in the midst of them, and they took up the land, and remembered the people of the land, because they were not in the house, because they were many, and they were not all.
9: 11 Sm֧h Bh֣or Bildot֗ic and ֽitֽibc֤ Lbc֙ Bim֣i Bhorot֔c and Hlc֙ Bdrc֣i Lbc֔ and Bmra֖i Ain֑ic and D֕a C֧i Al-cl-a֛lh Ibֽiac֥ Halh֖im Bmsfֽt:
10: 11 And thou shalt be angry with me, because thou shalt be angry with me, and do evil unto me, because thou shalt be in thy flesh, because the children of the child are born, and the flesh of the flesh is the seed of the seed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 12   (14 verses)‬
1: 12 And remember, I saw you, and I saw you in the midst of me, and in thy youth, I saw thee, and as a man, he was not afraid, but he was afraid. And he said to him, I am not afraid, that I may be afraid, that I am not worthy, but that I am not worthy of them;
2: 12 As for Ashes, the son of Lazarus, the son of Moses, the son of Levi, the son of Moses, the son of Levi, the son of David, and the son of Jacob,
3: 12 Behold, they have been saved, and they have been saved, and they have been given to them, and they have been given to them, and they have been given to them, and they have been given to them, and they have been given to them.
4: 12 And Sgtar was unclean: for he was the son of the son of Isaac, in the tribe of Kohath, of Hatham, of Tahan, and of Hikkum, of the tribe of Zach, and of Zippur, of Zor, and of all the sons of the children of Sihon,
5: 12 G֣m Mgb֤h Ir֙ao֙ and Htht֣im Bd֔rc and In֤atz Hskd֙ and Istb֣l Hֽhg֔b and Tf֖r Hֽabion֑h Cֽi-hl֤c Hadm֙ Al-b֣it Aolm֔o and Sbb֥o Bs֖ok [Q] [n] [v] Hsfdֽim:
6: 12 As for the people of the land of Israel, there is no god but God, and they shall not return to the land of Israel, nor shall they be destroyed, nor shall they be destroyed, nor shall they be destroyed, nor shall they be destroyed.
7: 12 And he went up to the gate, and looked upon the land, as it was, and it was a mountain, and there was a mountain, and there was a sea, and there was a sea, and there was no god but God.
8: 12 Thou shalt not be afraid; but, behold, the voice of the kohl shall be gone, and it shall be all the light.
9: 12 And it shall be clear to them that the people of Kohath, the wise men of the people, have come to the house of the LORD, and they have taken them away, and they have taken them, and they have been cut off, and they have been burned down, because they have not multiplied.
10: 12 He cried for him, but he went out of the house, and spoke to him, and spoke to him, saying, 'Surely I have spoken.' "Am I?
11: 12 Thou shalt not be wise; but as for the children of the children, and in the house of the keeper of the heavens, they shall be taken away, and they shall be filled with bread; and they shall be gathered together, and they shall be brought down from their evil ways.
12: 12 And you shall beware of what is going on in us, for this is the day that we will do, and we will tell the story of the multitude, for there is no god but the mighty, and it is not the anger of the multitude, but it shall come to pass in the morning.
13: 12 And the Lord hath given it to the LORD, and he hath taken away the LORD, and he hath not seen it, nor hath he seen it, nor hath he taken pity on him, for all the men of the world have seen it.
14: 12 When thou hast put up all the things that have been done unto God, it is not in the law, but in all the wickedness, even if thou art foolish, and do not fear.
‪xxxx    End of Ecclesiastes (12 chapters, 222 verses).
