‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.46. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Esther (10 chapters, 167 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (22 verses)‬
1: 1 And there was a house in the house, and there was no man, but the people of Israel were afraid of them, and they were afraid of the people of the kingdom, and they were afraid of them, and of them, and of them, and of them, and of them, and of their families.
2: 1 In the days of the Lord, they were as they were, and the people of the tribe of Ahasuer, the king of the tribe of Asher, went up to the land of Israel.
3: 1 In the first year of the reign of the king, Malch, he did as he did, and he returned to his house, all his servants, and his servants, and his servants, and the people of Hebron, and the people of the land, and the land of the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains.
4: 1 When he saw him, he saw him, saying, As if he were afraid of the kingdom of his kingdom, and of the greatness of his flock, the greatness of his greatness, and of his greatness, and of the greatness of the people, and of their greatness.
5: 1 and Bml֣oat | Him֣im Ha֗lh As֣h Hm֡lc Lcl-ha֣m Hnmtzaim֩ Bsos֨n Hbir֜h Lmg֧dol and Ad-kt֛n Mst֖h Sba֣t Im֑im Bhtz֕r Gn֥t Bit֖n Hmֽlc:
6: 1 H֣or | Crf֣s and Tc֗lt Ahoz֙ Bhbli-b֣otz and Argm֔n Al-gl֥ili C֖sf and Am֣odi S֑s Mt֣ot | Zh֣b and C֗sf A֛l Rֽtzf֥t Bht-os֖s and D֥r and Shֽrt:
7: 1 And the sands were in me all over, and they were full, and all were consumed, and they were changed, and there was no god, and there was no god but the Lord.
8: 1 And I will give her a wife, because as a woman, I will not be ashamed; for so shall I be ashamed of thee: for all things shall be done unto him, that I may do unto him, that I may do, as the man of man,
9: 1 G-d's, and it is the sixth day of the reign of the Lord, that I have done unto thee, that I have given birth to the woman of the land, that I have given birth to the kingdom of God, and that I have given birth to her.
10: 1 Biom֙ Hsbia֔i Ct֥ob Lb-hm֖lc Bi֑in Am֡r L֠mhomn Bzt֨a Hrbon֜a Bgt֤a and Abgta֙ Zt֣r and Crc֔s Sbat֙ Hs֣ris֔im Hms֣rt֔im At-fn֖i Hm֥lc Ahsorֽos:
11: 1 To the LORD, bring forth the people of the kingdom, before you, before me, which is in the way of the kingdom of God, that you may see the wonders of the nations, and the eight hundred, and the people of Israel, that they may be good, and behold, they are the ones who see it.
12: 1 And they came to the king, and he came to him, and he came to me, and brought him into the house of the king, because he went down to the land of the Syrians, and he came to the land of the Syrians, and he came to them, and he came to him.
13: 1 And he said, The one who goes to the wise, knowing, is the one who is afraid; for thus is the commandment of the Lord, who is before you, before me, all knowing, knowing, and knowing.
14: 1 and Hkr֣b Al֗io [V] Crsn֤a Str֙ Adm֣ta Trs֔is M֥rs Mrsn֖a Mmoc֑n Sba֞t Sr֣i | Fr֣s and Md֗i Rai֙ Fn֣i Hm֔lc Hisb֥im Rasn֖h Bmlcֽot:
15: 1 As a witness to the commandment of the Lord, the Lord of the heavens, the kingdom of the Lord, and the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds.
16: 1 and I֣amr * Momcn ** Mmoc֗n Lfn֤i Hm֙lc֙ and Hsr֔im L֤a Al-hm֙lc֙ Lbd֔o Aot֖h and St֣i Hmlc֑h C֤i Al-cl-hsrim֙ and Al-cl-h֣am֔im As֕r Bcl-mdin֖ot Hm֥lc Ahsorֽos:
17: 1 Cֽi-itz֤a Dbr-hmlch֙ Al-cl-hns֔im Lhbz֥ot Balih֖n Bainih֑n Bamr֗m Hm֣lc Ahsor֡os Am֞r Lhb֨ia At-ost֧i Hmlc֛h Lfn֖io and La-bֽah:
18: 1 And, behold, I am the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, and of the Lord of the Worlds.
19: 1 Am-al-hm֣lc T֗ob Itz֤a Dbr-mlcot֙ Mlfn֔io and Ict֛b Bdt֥i Fֽrs-omd֖i and L֣a Iab֑or As֨r Lֽa-tb֜oa and St֗i Lfni֙ Hm֣lc Ahsor֔os and Mlcoth֙ It֣n Hm֔lc Lraot֖h Htob֥h Mmֽnh:
20: 1 And he shall be full of the children of the house of the king, and he shall make his way through all the kingdoms of his kingdom: for they are great, and they are great; they are all, and all the women are ashamed.
21: 1 And it is good for the Lord, for he is in the midst of the eyes of the LORD, and he is your servant, and the servants, and he is the one who made your way, as the LORD commanded them.
22: 1 and Isl֤h Sfrim֙ Al-cl-mdin֣ot Hm֔lc Al-mdin֤h and Mdinh֙ Cctb֔h and Al-a֥m and A֖m Clson֑o Lhi֤ot Cl-ais֙ Sr֣r Bbit֔o and Mdb֖r Cls֥on Amֽo: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (23 verses)‬
1: 2 And after that the Lord, the Lord, hath given thee the power of thy flesh, and the flesh of thy flesh, the flesh of the flesh, and the flesh of the flesh, and the flesh of the woman, and of the woman, which she hath done,
2: 2 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go down from thy throne, but seek him out: for thou shalt not go down into the wilderness, but thou shalt be full of trouble;
3: 2 and Ifk֨d Hm֣lc Fkidim֮ Bcl-mdin֣ot Mlcoto֒ and Ikbtz֣o At-cl-narֽh-b֠tolh Tob֨t Mra֜h Al-sos֤n Hbirh֙ Al-b֣it Hns֔im Al-i֥d Hg֛a Sr֥is Hm֖lc Sm֣r Hns֑im and Nt֖on Tmrokihֽn:
4: 2 And the son of Na'ar, the son of Asheth, who was in the midst of the eyes of the children of the tribe of Israel, came to the house of the king of Israel, and he returned to the land of the land of Israel.
5: 2 Is there a man of Jehudah? Behold, he is in the midst of his captivity, and he is the son of the son of Levi. And the name of his name is Mordecai. He is the son of Shimshon. Son of the king of the tribe of Ish. Is there a man of the right?
6: 2 Asher was revealed to the people of Merom, and he returned to the land of Israel with the people of Galilee, and as a result of the greatness of the land, he turned away from them, so that he might return to you, and he would return to you, O Israel, to you, O Israel, to be mighty.
7: 2 and Ih֨i Am֜n At-hds֗h H֤ia Astr֙ Bt-dd֔o C֛i A֥in L֖h A֣b and A֑m and Hnar֤h Ift-t֙ar֙ and Tob֣t Mra֔h and Bm֤ot Ab֙ih֙ and Am֔h Lkh֧h Mrdc֛i L֖o Lbֽt:
8: 2 and Ih֗i Bhsm֤a Dbr-hm֙lc֙ and Dt֔o and ֽbhkb֞tz Nar֥ot Rb֛ot Al-sos֥n Hbir֖h Al-i֣d Hg֑i and Tlk֤h Astr֙ Al-b֣it Hm֔lc Al-i֥d Hg֖i Sm֥r Hnsֽim:
9: 2 and Tit֨b Hnar֣h Bainio֮ and Ts֣a H֣sd Lfnio֒ and ֠ibhl At-tmrok֤ih and At-mnot֙h֙ Lt֣t L֔h and At֙ S֣ba Hnar֔ot Hrai֥ot Lֽtt-l֖h Mb֣it Hm֑lc and Isn֧h and At-narot֛ih Lt֖ob B֥it Hnsֽim:
10: 2 I will not go down against the people, nor will I destroy the people, nor the children of Israel; but I will not go down against you; for I will be rebellious, but I will not go up against you.
11: 2 And in them all, they shall go down, and they shall be rebellious, and they shall be in the midst of the children; and the children of the children shall be ashamed of the children of the children, and they shall be ashamed of them, and they shall not be destroyed. And what shall they do?
12: 2 and Bhg֡ia Tr֩ Nar֨h and Nar֜h Lb֣oa | Al-hm֣lc Ahsor֗os Mktz֩ Hi֨ot L֜h Cd֤t Hnsim֙ Sn֣im As֣r H֔ds C֛i C֥n Imla֖o Im֣i Mrokih֑n Ss֤h Hdsim֙ Bs֣mn Hm֔r and Ss֤h Hdsim֙ Bbsm֔im and Btmrok֖i Hnsֽim:
13: 2 And behold, behold, the men of the tribe of Israel came unto the king, saying unto him, All things are ye, that ye may not be, and they shall not be put to death: they shall not be with thee, nor with them, but from the midst of the women, even unto the children of the children.
14: 2 Ba֣rb | H֣ia Ba֗h and ֠bbkr H֣ia Sb֞h Al-b֤it Hnsim֙ Sn֔i Al-i֧d Sֽasg֛z Sr֥is Hm֖lc Sm֣r Hfֽilgs֑im La-tb֥oa Aod֙ Al-hm֔lc C֣i Am-hf֥tz B֛h Hm֖lc and Nkra֥h Bsֽm:
15: 2 and Bhg֣ia Tr-ast֣r Bt-abih֣il D֣d Mrdc֡i Asr֩ Lkֽh-l֨o Lb֜t Lb֣oa Al-hm֗lc L֤a Bksh֙ Db֔r C֠i A֣m At-as֥r Iam֛r Hg֥i Sris-hm֖lc Sm֣r Hns֑im and Th֤i Astr֙ Ns֣at H֔n Bain֖i Cl-raֽih:
16: 2 And thou shalt not go astray unto the king, but go straight to the house of the king, and he shall reign in the midst of the tenth day of the tenth month, and behold, he shall be brought to the house of the king, and he shall return to the kingdom of his kingdom.
17: 2 and Iah֨b Hm֤lc At-astr֙ Mcl-hns֔im and Tsa-h֥n and H֛sd Lfn֖io Mcl-hbtol֑t and I֤sm Cֽtr-mlcot֙ Bras֔h and Imlic֖h T֥ht and Stֽi:
18: 2 And it came to pass, that the servant went out to him, and all his servants went to all his servants, and the servants of the women of the tribe of Esther were cast off, and she gave her to the children of Midot, and they made them, and carried them away, as though they were in their midst.
19: 2 And when he came to the house of the king, he went to the house of the LORD, and he went down to Mordecai, and he returned to the land of the land of Samaria.
20: 2 A֣in Ast֗r Mg֤dt Mֽoldth֙ and At-am֔h Cas֛r Tzo֥h Al֖ih Mrdc֑i and At-mam֤r Mrdci֙ Ast֣r As֔h Cas֛r Hit֥h Bamn֖h Atֽo: S.
21: 2 Bim֣im Hh֔m and Mrdc֖i Is֣b Bsֽar-hm֑lc Ktzf֩ Bgt֨n and T֜rs Snֽi-sris֤i Hm֙lc֙ Msmr֣i Hs֔f and Ibkso֙ Lsl֣h I֔d Bm֖lc Ahsoֽrs:
22: 2 And the LORD said unto the LORD, Thy name is Mordecai, and I will come to the throne of the king, and thou shalt say unto them, Thou shalt not go in thy hand;
23: 2 And he blessed the LORD, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and it came to pass, that they had been put on fire, and that he had been crucified in the land of the wilderness, saying unto them, Come to me, let them go before me.
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (15 verses)‬
1: 3 Ah֣r | Hdbr֣im Ha֗lh Gdl֩ Hm֨lc Ahsor֜os At-hm֧n Bֽn-hmd֛ta Hagg֖i and ֽinsa֑ho and I֙sm֙ At-csa֔o Ma֕l Cl-hsr֖im As֥r Atֽo:
2: 3 and Cl-abd֨i Hm֜lc Asr-bs֣ar Hm֗lc Cra֤im and Mֽsthoim֙ Lhm֔n Ci-c֖n Tzoh-l֣o Hm֑lc and M֨rdc֔i L֥a Icr֖a and L֥a Iֽsthoֽh:
3: 3 And he said unto him, O servant of the king, I will go down to thee, that I may go down to Mordecai, and I will go down to thee, and thou shalt go forth, and thou shalt not go down.
4: 3 and Ih֗i * ** Camr֤m Alio֙, saying I֣om and I֔om and L֥a Sm֖a Alih֑m and Ig֣ido Lhm֗n Lraot֙ Hiֽamdo֙ Dbr֣i Mrdc֔i Cֽi-hg֥id Lh֖m Asr-h֥oa Ihodֽi:
5: 3 And he saw the people, because he was not rebellious, but he was angry with him, and he was not satisfied with him, because he was with him, and he was full of them, and he was not there.
6: 3 and I֣bz Bain֗io Lsl֤h [U] Id֙ Bmrdc֣i Lbd֔o Cֽi-hg֥ido L֖o At-a֣m Mrdc֑i and Ibk֣s Hm֗n Lhsm֧id At-cl-hihod֛im As֛r Bcl-mlc֥ot Ahsor֖os A֥m Mrdcֽi:
7: 3 Bh֤ds Hrason֙ Hoa-h֣ds Nis֔n Bsnt֙ St֣im Asr֔h Lm֖lc Ahsor֑os Hf֣il For֩ H֨oa Hgor֜l Lfn֣i Hm֗n Mi֧om | Li֛om and Mh֛ds Lh֥ds Snim-as֖r Hoa-h֥ds Adֽr: S.
8: 3 and I֤amr Hmn֙ Lm֣lc Ahsor֔os Isn֣o Am-ah֗d Mfz֤r and Mfrd֙ B֣in Hֽam֔im Bc֖l Mdin֣ot Mlcot֑c and Dtih֞m Sn֣ot Mcl-a֗m and At-dt֤i Hm֙lc֙ Ain֣m As֔im and Lm֥lc Ain-so֖h Lhnihֽm:
9: 3 If the people of the world go down to their fathers, then shall they return to their fathers, and they shall do the ark of the thousands, as the firstborn of the children of Israel, the king of Israel, does not go up against the children of Israel, even though he is not in possession of the land, nor is it the land of the LORD.
10: 3 And he took his wife, who took away his tabernacle from his hand, and brought it to him, and he gave it to him, because he was with him, and he was with him, and he went to the house of the Haggoth.
11: 3 And he said unto them, What is your name, that is, that ye have given up the sword, and that it is not for you, but for you, and for your work?
12: 3 and Ikrao֩ Sfr֨i Hm֜lc Bh֣ds Hras֗on Bslos֨h As֣r Iom֮ Bo֒ and Ict֣b Cֽcl-asr-tzo֣h Hm֡n A֣l Ahsdrfnֽi-h֠mlc and ֽal-hfh֞ot As֣r | Al-mdin֣h and Mdin֗h and Al-s֤ri Am֙ and A֔m Mdin֤h and Mdinh֙ Cctb֔h and A֥m and A֖m Clson֑o Bs֨m Hm֤lc Ahsors֙ Nct֔b and Nht֖m Btb֥at Hmֽlc :
13: 3 and Nsl֨oh Sfr֜im Bi֣d Hrtzim֮ Al-cl-mdin֣ot Hmlc֒ Lhsm֡id Lhr֣g and Lab֣d At-cl-h֠ihodim Mn֨ar and Ad-zk֜n T֤f and Nsim֙ Bi֣om Ah֔d Bslos֥h As֛r Lh֥ds Snim-as֖r Hoa-h֣ds Ad֑r and Sll֖m Lbֽoz:
14: 3 Fath the garden of the temple, and it shall be given to him, that thou mayest be in the house of all the children of Midian, and it shall come to pass from Meidanah, and they shall be given to all the nations, and they shall not be destroyed, but they shall be destroyed forever.
15: 3 The children of the children of Israel went out of the house of the LORD, and the LORD gave them in the land of Bashan, and the people returned to him, and the king returned to them, and the people returned to them, and they returned to the land of Israel, and the land was destroyed, and their land was destroyed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (17 verses)‬
1: 4 and Mrdc֗i Ida֙ At-cl-as֣r Nas֔h and Ikr֤a Mrdci֙ At-bgd֔io and Ilb֥s S֖k and A֑fr and Itza֙ Bt֣oc Ha֔ir and Iza֛k Zak֥h Gdl֖h and Mrֽh:
2: 4 And he said unto them, Come, I pray thee, that thou shalt not go down to me: for I am not worthy of thee, but unto him, I will not go down: for he that is in thee shall not be ashamed.
3: 4 And in all the kingdom of Me, and from Midian, from the place of the place of Asherah, the word of the Lord is upon you, and his word is upon him: the mighty is the multitude of greatness, the children of Judah, and the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
4: 4 and ֠tboainh [Q] [n] [q] Nar֨ot Ast֤r and Sris֙ih֙ and Ig֣ido L֔h and Tthlh֥l Hmlc֖h Ma֑d and Tsl֨h Bgd֜im Lhlb֣is Aֽt-mrdc֗i and Lhs֥ir Sk֛o Mal֖io and L֥a Kbֽl:
5: 4 And it shall come to pass, that thou shalt devour thy throne: thou shalt not cast thy throne, but the hand of thy throne shall be as the throne of the cloud, before it shall be made, and thou shalt give it to him, and it shall be made to him, and it shall be his bread.
6: 4 And he said, I will bring thee into Mordecai, but unto the wind, thou shalt see, that it shall be clear before me, that the sword shall be in thy hand.
7: 4 And Haggadah came to him from Mordecai, but all the people of Israel were born to him, and the people of Israel were born to him, and the people of Israel were in the land of Israel, and the land of Israel was destroyed, and the land of Israel was destroyed.
8: 4 and At-fts֣gn Ctֽb-h֠dt Asr-nt֨n Bsos֤n Lhsmidm֙ N֣tn L֔o Lhra֥ot At-ast֖r and Lhg֣id L֑h and Ltzo֣ot Al֗ih Lb֨oa Al-hm֧lc Lhֽthnn-l֛o and Lbk֥s Mlfn֖io Al-amֽh:
9: 4 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt make thee, and glorify him: thou shalt not be afraid, but the words of the LORD speak to thee, O Mordecai.
10: 4 And Esther said unto Esther, Behold, thou hast made him, and commanded him, thou art of Mordecai.
11: 4 Cl-abd֣i Hm֡lc and Am-mdin֨ot Hm֜lc Iֽoda֗im As֣r Cl-a֣is and As֡h As֣r Ibֽoa-al-hmlc֩ Al-hhtz֨r Hfnim֜it As֣r Lֽa-ikr֗a Ah֤t Dto֙ Lhm֔it L֠bd Mas֨r Iֽosit-l֥o Hm֛lc At-srb֥it Hzh֖b and Hi֑h and An֗i L֤a Nkr֙ati֙ [Q ] [n] [v] Do not be afraid of me, but I am not afraid of you.
12: 4 And he brought him to Mordecai; but he spoke to him, saying, Speak unto me, I will not go astray.
13: 4 And Moses said to Mordecai, "Bring the people of Esau to the land of Israel, to your soul, and to you, to the house of the king, from all the children of Judah."
14: 4 C֣i Am-hhr֣s Thrisi֮ Ba֣t Hzat֒ R֣oh and Htzl֞h Iam֤od Lihodim֙ Mmk֣om Ah֔r and A֥t and Bit-ab֖ic Tab֑do and M֣i Iod֔a Am-la֣t Cz֔at Hg֖at Lmlcֽot:
15: 4 And Esther said unto him, Shall I bring thee down unto Mordecai?
16: 4 Lc֩ Cn֨os At-cl-hihod֜im Hֽnmtza֣im Bsos֗n and Tz֣omo A֠li and Al-tacl֨o and Al-tst֜o Sl֤st Imim֙ L֣ilh and I֔om Gm-an֥i and Nart֖i Atz֣om C֑n and Bc֞n Ab֤oa Al-hm֙lc֙ As֣r Lֽa-cd֔t and Cas֥r Ab֖dti Abֽdti:
17: 4 וֽאֲעבב֖ו֖ר מררֳדּכ֑י֑י ויי֕עַעׂש ככ֛כ אל אשאֶשררצצּֽת֥ה֥ה עלל֖י֖ו אסססתּֽר:ר: ס.
‪xxxx  Chapter 5   (14 verses)‬
1: 5 and Ih֣i | Bi֣om Hslis֗i and Tlb֤s Astr֙ Mlc֔ot and ֽtam֞d Bhtz֤r Bit-hm֙lc֙ Hfnim֔it N֖ch B֣it Hm֑lc and ֠hmlc Ios֞b Al-cs֤a Mlcoto֙ Bb֣it Hmlc֔ot N֖ch F֥th Hbֽit:
2: 5 and Ihi֩ Cra֨ot Hm֜lc At-ast֣r Hmlc֗h Am֙dt֙ Bֽhtz֔r Nsa֥h H֖n Bain֑io and I֨ost Hm֜lc Last֗r At-srb֤it Hzhb֙ As֣r Bid֔o and Tkr֣b Ast֔r and Tg֖a Br֥as Hsrbֽit: S.
3: 5 And he said unto her, Behold, I am thy servant, what is it that thou hast done unto the king, that is, and what is in thee, that thou shalt go up before the half-hearted, and that is the kingdom of the LORD, and they shall be given to thee?
4: 5 And Esther said to Esther, If thou hast gone astray, thou shalt go out, and behold, the man that is with thee, and the man, that is, he that is with them, shall not go into the land which he hath done;
5: 5 And he said, "What is it that has brought you down to take up the land, to do the work of the LORD, to destroy the wall, and to bring it to the house, and to the house, to the house of the woman, that which thou hast done?"
6: 5 And he said, "It is your right to go astray in the midst of the six days of the Lord." What is your question? What are you doing? What is your name? Why are you still asking for your right hand before the half-hour? The whole world is full of love and joy.
7: 5 And Thou hast made it to pass, and thou shalt be satisfied with the question, and ask for it.
8: 5 Am-mtz֨ati H֜n Bain֣i Hm֗lc and Am-al-hm֙lc֙ T֔ob Ltt֙ At-sa֣lt֔i and Las֖ot At-bkst֑i Ib֧oa Hm֣lc and Hm֗n Al-hmsth֙ As֣r Aֽas֣h Lh֔m and Mh֥r Aֽas֖h Cdb֥r Hmֽlc:
9: 5 and Itz֤a Hmn֙ Bi֣om Hh֔oa Sm֖h and T֣ob L֑b and Craot֩ Hm֨n Aֽt-mrdc֜i Bs֣ar Hm֗lc and La-km֙ and La-z֣a Mm֔no and Iml֥a Hm֛n Aֽl-mrdc֖i Hmֽh:
10: 5 And he came to the house of his father, and he brought him to the house of his house, and he brought it to him, and he brought the love of his father, and his wife, his wife, and his wife.
11: 5 And he gave them up to them, and he gave them to him, and he rebuked him, and his sons, his sons, and all the men of his sons, and all the men of the tribe of Israel, and the generations of them, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
12: 5 and Iamr֮ Hmn֒ A֣f La-hbiah֩ Ast֨r Hmlc֧h Am-hm֛lc Al-hmst֥h Asr-as֖th C֣i Am-aot֑i and Gm-lmh֛r An֥i Kֽroa-l֖h Am-hmֽlc:
13: 5 And all these, I am not worthy, that I may go into the midst of all things, but as I see, I see that I have taken Mordecai: the LORD is the LORD, and I am the Lord of the earth, because of the fear of the LORD.
14: 5 and T֣amr Lo֩ Z֨rs Ast֜o and Cl-aֽhb֗io Iֽaso-atz֮ Gb֣h Hms֣im Amh֒ and Bb֣kr | Am֣r Lm֗lc and Itl֤o Aֽt-mrdci֙ Al֔io and Bֽa-am-hm֥lc unto [Q] [n] [p] Hmst֖h Sm֑h and Iit֧b Hdb֛r Lfn֥i Hm֖n and I֥as Haֽtz: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 6   (14 verses)‬
1: 6 Behold, I pray thee, O Lord, I will go down to you, and I will be with you, and I will say to you that I will bring the secrets of the memories, and I will speak to them, and I will come to them, and I will be called.
2: 6 and Imtz֣a Ct֗ob Asr֩ Hg֨id Mrdc֜i Al-bgt֣na and T֗rs Sni֙ Sris֣i Hm֔lc Msmr֖i Hs֑f As֤r Bkso֙ Lsl֣h I֔d Bm֖lc Ahsorֽos:
3: 6 And he said to the king, "What is your name?" He said to him, "Come on, I will go to the house of Mordecai." And he said to him, "Come on, I will go back to you." Narrated by Na'ar: "I will not go back to you."
4: 6 And he said, "What is the matter with you?" He said to him, "This is the right of the people of the land." "The people of the land, the people of the land, are the people of the land."
5: 6 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go down, but the LORD hath gone down unto thee: for he hath been with thee, behold, he hath been in the house of the son of Hazzur, and he hath said unto him, What is the son of the children of the house?
6: 6 and Iboa֮ Hmn֒ and I֤amr Lo֙ Hm֔lc Mh-las֕ot Ba֕is As֥r Hm֖lc Hf֣tz Bikr֑o and I֤amr Hmn֙ Blb֔o Lm֞i Ihf֥tz Hm֛lc Las֥ot Ik֖r Iot֥r Mmֽni:
7: 6 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not go into the midst of the man, but the man that is in the midst of thee shall go out in the morning of his flock.
6: 6 Yב֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙ ֶ֣֥֥ מַ מֲַ֥֥֥֔֔֔ ל לֽֽשׁ֖֖֖֖ הַ הַ֑֑ ו ו֖֗ הַ הַמ֨֨ ו ו֗֗ א א א א֨֨֨ וְ֤֤ א א֤֤֤֨֨֨֨֨ ע ע֤֤֤֨֨֨֨֨ ע֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֖֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֖֖֖֖֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֖֖֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥ מַ֖֖ררר:::::֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖::::::::::::::
9: 6 and Nt֨on Hlb֜os and Hs֗os Al-id-a֞is Msr֤i Hm֙lc֙ Hֽfrtm֔im and Hlb֙iso֙ At-ha֔is As֥r Hm֖lc Hf֣tz Bֽikr֑o and Hrcib֤ho Al-hsos֙ Brh֣ob Ha֔ir and Kra֣o Lfn֔io C֚ch Ias֣h La֔is As֥r Hm֖lc Hf֥tz Bikrֽo:
10: 6 And I֨amr Hm֜lc Lhm֗n M֠hr K֣h At-hlb֤os and At-hsos֙ Cas֣r Db֔rt and ֽash-cn֙ Lmrdc֣i Hihod֔i Hios֖b Bs֣ar Hm֑lc Al-tf֣l Db֔r Mc֖l As֥r Dbֽrt:
11: 6 And Ik֤h Hmn֙ At-hlb֣os and At-hs֔os and Ilb֖s Aֽt-mrdc֑i and Ircib֙ho֙ Brh֣ob Ha֔ir and Ikr֣a Lfn֔io C֚ch Ias֣h La֔is As֥r Hm֖lc Hf֥tz Bikrֽo:
12: 6 And he returned to Mordecai, and he returned to El-sha'ar, the king of you, and the man, and he turned away from him, to his house, and to him, and to Abel;
13: 6 And Isf֨r Hm֜n Lz֤rs Asto֙ and Lcl-a֣hb֔io A֖t Cl-as֣r Kr֑ho and I֩amro֩ [C] L֨o Hcm֜io and Z֣rs Ast֗o A֣m Mz֣ra Hihod֡im Mrdc֞i Asr֩ Hhl֨ot Lnf֤l Lfnio֙ La-toc֣l L֔o Cֽi-nf֥ol Tf֖ol Lfnֽio:
14: 6 The people of the world speak with him, and with him, and cast down his hand: they have turned away from him, and they have turned away from him, and they have brought the people to the house of the women, which hath done them, as thou hast done.
‪xxxx  Chapter 7   (10 verses)‬
1: 7 And it came to pass, that the king went down with them, and that they were with them, that they were with the people of the house of the king.
2: 7 and Iamr֩ Hm֨lc Last֜r G֣m Bi֤om Hsni֙ Bmst֣h Hi֔in Mh-salt֛c Ast֥r Hmlc֖h and Tn֣tֽn L֑c and Mh-bkst֛c Ad-htz֥i Hmlc֖ot and Taֽs:
3: 7 and T֨an Ast֤r Hmlch֙ and Tam֔r Am-mtz֨ati H֤n Bain֙ic֙ Hm֔lc and Am-al-hm֖lc T֑ob Tnֽtn-l֤i Nfsi֙ Bsa֣lt֔i and Am֖i Bbkstֽi:
4: 7 C֤i Nmc֙rno֙ An֣i and Am֔i Lhsm֖id Lhr֣og and Lab֑d and ֠alo Labd֨im and Lsfh֤ot Nmc֙rno֙ Hhr֔sti C֣i A֥in Htz֛r So֖h Bn֥zk Hmֽlc: S.
5: 7 And he said unto him, The king hath taken thee to the throne of the wicked, and he hath said unto Esther the king, this is a hundred years, and this is what he hath done. And this is what I have done.
6: 7 And Esther said to Esther, Behold, there is a wicked man, and this is the light of the earth; and this is the fear of the people, and this is what we have done, and it is not in your hands, but your kingdom and your kingdom.
7: 7 and Hm֜lc K֤m Bhmto֙ Mmst֣h Hi֔in Al-gn֖t Hbit֑n and Hm֣n Am֗d Lbk֤s Al-nfso֙ Mֽast֣r Hmlc֔h C֣i Ra֔h Cֽi-clt֥h Al֛io Hra֖h Ma֥t Hmֽlc:
8: 7 and Hm֡lc Sb֩ Mgn֨t Hbit֜n Al-b֣it | Mst֣h Hi֗in and Hmn֙ Nf֔l Al-hmth֙ As֣r Ast֣r Al֔ih and I֣amr Hm֔lc H֠gm Lcb֧os At-hmlc֛h Am֖i Bb֑it Hdb֗r Itza֙ Mf֣i Hm֔lc and Fn֥i Hm֖n Hfֽo: S.
9: 7 and I֣amr H֠rbonh Ah֨d Mn-hsris֜im Lfn֣i Hm֗lc G֣m Hnh-ha֣tz Asr-as֪h Hm֟n Lֽmrdc֞i As֧r Dbr-t֣ob Al-hm֗lc Amd֙ Bb֣it Hm֔n Gb֖h Hms֣im Am֑h and I֥amr Hm֖lc Tl֥ho Alֽio:
10: 7 And they took the Haman out of the thorns, which were ready for Mordecai, and the heat of the hand was gone.
‪xxxx  Chapter 8   (17 verses)‬
1: 8 Bi֣om Hh֗oa Nt֞n Hm֤lc Ahsoros֙ Last֣r Hmlc֔h At-b֥it Hm֖n Tzr֣r * ** Hihod֑im Jewish and Mrdc֗i B֚a Lfn֣i Hm֔lc Cֽi-hg֥idh Ast֖r M֥h Hoa-lֽh:
2: 8 And it came to pass, that he took away the tabernacle, and he gave it to him, and he gave him the charge of the land, and he gave it to the LORD, and he gave it to the LORD, and he gave it to Mordecai, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him.
3: 8 and T֣osf Ast֗r and Tdbr֙ Lfn֣i Hm֔lc and Tf֖l Lfn֣i Rgl֑io and T֣bc and Tthnn-l֗o Lhֽabir֙ At-rat֙ Hm֣n Hֽagg֔i and At֙ Mֽhsbt֔o As֥r Hs֖b Al-hihodֽim:
4: 8 And I will be ashamed of you, that I may go astray, but I will not be able to return to you, but I will not be able to return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
5: 8 and ֠tamr Am-al-hm֨lc T֜ob and Am-mtz֧ati H֣n Lfn֗io and Cs֤r Hdbr֙ Lfn֣i Hm֔lc and Tob֥h An֖i Bain֑io Ict֞b Lhs֣ib At-hsfr֗im Mhs֜bt Hm֤n Bֽn-hmd֙ta֙ Hagg֔i As֣r Ct֗b Labd֙ At-hihod֔im As֖r Bcl-mdin֥ot Hmֽlc:
6: 8 For when I will consume you, I will not be able to eat, but I will be afraid of you in the evil, but I will not make you angry with my people, and I will give you strength, and I will consume you, and I will see you in my heart, and I will not be born again.
7: 8 and I֨amr Hm֤lc Ahsors֙ Last֣r Hmlc֔h and ֽlmrdc֖i Hihod֑i Hn֨h Bit-hm֜n Nt֣ti Last֗r and Ato֙ Tl֣o Al-ha֔tz A֛l Jewish Asr-sl֥h Id֖o * ** Bihodֽim:
8: 8 and ֠atm Ctb֨o Al-hihod֜im Ct֤ob Baֽinicm֙ Bs֣m Hm֔lc and Htm֖o Btb֣at Hm֑lc Cֽi-ct֞b Asr-nct֣b Bsm-hm֗lc and Nht֛om Btb֥at Hm֖lc A֥in Lhsֽib:
9: 8 and Ikra֣o Sfrֽi-hm֣lc Bֽat-h֠hia Bh֨ds Hslis֜i Hoa-h֣ds Sio֗n Bslos֣h and Asrim֮ Bo֒ and Ict֣b Cֽcl-asr-tzo֣h Mrdc֣i Al-hihod֡im and A֣l Hahsdrfnֽim-ohfhot֩ and Sr֨i Hmdin֜ot As֣r | Mh֣do and Ad-c֗os S֣ba and Asr֤im and Mah֙ Mdin֔h Mdin֤h and Mdinh֙ Cctb֔h and A֥m and A֖m All his children and the children of Yahweh were destroyed, as their writing was written, and their tongues were broken.
10: 8 and Ict֗b Bsm֙ Hm֣lc Ahsor֔s and Iht֖m Btb֣at Hm֑lc and Isl֣h Sfr֡im Bid֩ Hrtz֨im Bsos֜im Rcb֤i Hr֙cs֙ Hֽahstrn֔im Bn֖i Hֽrmcֽim:
11: 8 Asr֩ Nt֨n Hm֜lc Lihod֣im | As֣r Bcl-air-oa֗ir Lhkhl֮ and Lam֣d Al-nfsm֒ Lhsmid֩ and Lhr֨g and Lab֜d At-cl-h֨il A֧m and Mdin֛h Htzr֥im At֖m T֣f and Ns֑im and Sll֖m Lbֽoz:
12: 8 Behold, I will bring them all together in all manner of things, and I will give thee the inheritance of the wicked in the midst of the thorns: for he hath done three things: and he hath done two things;
13: 8 And the children of the tribe of Hathath shall be brought to death, and they shall be brought to death, and they shall return to the land of Midian, and they shall come from all the nations, and they shall return to all the nations, and the LORD shall be with them all: the Jews, the children, the children, the children, the children, and the children, and the children of the land.
14: 8 The people of the land are victorious, they are not the people of the land, they are the people of the land, and the people of the land of Israel are not in the land of the LORD, nor are they in the land of Israel.
15: 8 and Mrdc֞i Itz֣a | Mlfn֣i Hm֗lc Blb֤os Mlcot֙ Tc֣lt and H֔or and At֤rt Zhb֙ Gdol֔h and Tcr֥ic B֖otz and Argm֑n and Ha֣ir Sos֔n Tzhl֖h and Smֽhh:
16: 8 To Jehudoh, they were the children of Or Yehuda, and Shem- zah, and Sheziah, and they were Vikkar.
17: 8 and Bcl-mdin֨h and Mdin֜h and Bcl-a֣ir and A֗ir Mkom֙ As֨r Dbr-hm֤lc and Dto֙ Mg֔ia Smh֤h and Sson֙ Lihod֔im Mst֖h and I֣om T֑ob and Rb֞im Mֽam֤i Ha֙rtz֙ Mֽtihd֔im Cֽi-nf֥l Fֽhd-hihod֖im Alihֽm:
‪xxxx  Chapter 9   (32 verses)‬
1: 9 and Bsnim֩ As֨r H֜ds Hoa-h֣ds Ad֗r Bslos֨h As֥r Iom֙ B֔o As֨r Hg֧ia Dbr-hm֛lc and Dt֖o Lhas֑ot Bi֗om As֨r Sbr֜o Aib֤i Hihodim֙ Lsl֣ot Bh֔m and Nhf֣oc H֔oa As֨r Islt֧o Hihod֛im H֖mh Bsnaihֽm:
2: 9 Nkhl֨o Hihod֜im Barih֗m Bcl-mdinot֙ Hm֣lc Ahsor֔os Lsl֣h I֔d Bmbks֖i Rֽat֑m and Ais֙ La-am֣d Lfnih֔m Cֽi-nf֥l Fhd֖m Al-cl-hamֽim:
3: 9 and Cl-sr֨i Hmdin֜ot and Hahsdrfn֣im and Hfh֗ot and As֤i Hmlach֙ As֣r Lm֔lc Mnsa֖im At-hihod֑im Cֽi-nf֥l Fֽhd-mrdc֖i Alihֽm:
4: 9 When the mighty man of Mordecai came to him, in the midst of the midst of thee, and he that hath heard his voice, thou shalt go in all manner of things: for the wicked man is rebellious, and he hath gone down;
5: 9 And the children of Judah were in the midst of all the children of Israel, and they were in the midst of the fire, and the children of Israel were there, and they did so in their iniquities, because they were in their desire.
6: 9 And when they were ashamed, they were afraid of him, and they killed the children of the children, and the father of Hamash was afraid of them.
7: 9 And there was a parshanah, a woman, a woman, and a woman, and a woman, and a woman, and a woman.
8: 9 And he said unto him, Go forth, come, and go, and go forth: my lord, I will come, and thou shalt go down;
9: 9 And there was a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a father, a father, a father, a father, a father, a father, a father, a father, a father, a father, a father,
10: 9 The servants of the sons of Israel are the ones who are in the midst of the world, and they are the people of the people, and the people of Judah are the ones who fear, and the people of the land, and the people of the land;
11: 9 Behold, the Lord is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God.
12: 9 and I֨amr Hm֜lc Last֣r Hmlc֗h Bsos֣n Hbir֡h Hrgo֩ Hihod֨im and Ab֜d Hm֧s Ma֣ot A֗is and At֙ As֣rt Bnֽi-hm֔n Bsa֛r Mdin֥ot Hm֖lc M֣h As֑o and Mh-saֽltc֙ and In֣tֽn L֔c and Mh-bkst֥c A֖od and Taֽs:
13: 9 and T֤amr Astr֙ Am-al-hm֣lc T֔ob Int֣n Gm-mh֗r Lihodim֙ As֣r Bsos֔n Las֖ot Cd֣t Hi֑om and A֛t As֥rt Bnֽi-hm֖n Itl֥o Al-haֽtz:
14: 9 And the word of the king, saying, "Come, I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will return to you."
15: 9 and Jewish Iֽkhl֞o * ** Hihod֣im Asr-bsos֗n G֠m Bi֣om Arba֤h Asr֙ Lh֣ds Ad֔r and Iֽhrg֣o Bsos֔n Sl֥s Ma֖ot A֑is and B֨bz֔h L֥a Slh֖o At-idֽm:
16: 9 and Sa֣r Hihod֡im Asr֩ Bmdin֨ot Hm֜lc Nkhl֣o | and Am֣d Al-nfs֗m and N֙oh֙ Ma֣ibih֔m and Hrg֙ Bs֣naih֔m Hms֥h and Sba֖im A֑lf and B֨bz֔h L֥a Sֽlh֖o At-idֽm:
17: 9 In the day of Shushah, Esau, he returned to Lahath, and he returned to Adar, and he rose up in the land of Araba, which was ten years old, and he did his work, and he did his work: and he did not do anything to him, and he made him happy.
18: 9 * and ** Jewish and Hihod֣im Asr-bsos֗n Nkhlo֙ Bsls֤h Asr֙ B֔o and Barba֥h As֖r B֑o and N֗oh Bhms֤h Asr֙ B֔o and As֣h At֔o I֖om Mst֥h and Smhֽh:
19: 9 Al-c֞n Hihod֣im * Hfrozim ** Hfrz֗im Hisbim֮ Bar֣i Hfrzot֒ As֗im A֠t I֣om Arba֤h Asr֙ Lh֣ds Ad֔r Smh֥h and Mst֖h and I֣om T֑ob and Msl֥oh Mn֖ot A֥is Lraֽho: P.
20: 9 And Mordecai rebelled against the LORD, saying, "Behold, I will come to you, and tell all the people of all the Yahweh, who are in the midst of all the kingdoms, that they may go down to you, that they may be destroyed, and that they will come to the enemy, and they will be oppressed."
Num 21: 9 He will raise them up to them, and he will return to them, and he will do them, and he will return to the land of Israel, and he will return to the land of Israel, and he will return to the land of Israel, and he will return to the land of Israel, and the land of Israel will be destroyed.
22: 9 Cim֗im Asr-n֨ho Bh֤m Hihodim֙ Ma֣oibih֔m and Hh֗ds Asr֩ Nhf֨c Lh֤m Migon֙ Lsmh֔h and Ma֖bl Li֣om T֑ob Las֣ot Aot֗m Imi֙ Mst֣h and Smh֔h and Msl֤oh Mnot֙ A֣is Lra֔ho and Mtn֖ot Lֽabionֽim:
23: 9 And the LORD received them, and they came to them, which were to do the work, and that which was done to Mordecai, because they were not with them.
24: 9 For behold, the name is Haman, the son of the son of David, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David;
25: 9 And when he came, he came before the king, and the king went out with the people of the sea, and there was in him the account of the account of him, the evil of him: for he was afraid of the children of Yahweh, because they were against his head, and his people were afraid of him, and his sons were against him.
26: 9 Therefore the people of Kedarah saw it, because they were not, but they were fruitful, and they were not even against them, but they were over all the children of Israel, so that all the people of the world spoke about it, and this is what they saw, and what they saw, they saw it on their shoulders, and from there they came to Hagaiya, to them they were.
27: 9 Kim֣o * and ** and Kbl֣o Get [a] Hihodim֩ | Alih֨m | and Al-zra֜m and A֨l Cl-hnlo֤im Alihm֙ and L֣a Iab֔or Lhi֣ot As֗im A֣t Sn֤i Himim֙ Ha֔lh Cctb֖m and Czmn֑m Bcl-sn֖h and Snֽh:
28: 9 and Him֣im H֠alh Nzcr֨im and Nas֜im Bcl-d֣or and D֗or Msfhh֙ and Msfh֔h Mdin֥h and Mdin֖h and A֣ir and A֑ir and Im֞i Hfor֣im Ha֗lh L֤a Iֽabro֙ Mt֣oc Hihod֔im and Zcr֖m La-is֥of Mzraֽm: S.
29: 9 And thou shalt write unto the king, Thou shalt restore the kingdom, the daughter of her father, and the children of Mordecai, and the children of Judah, and all the children of the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, the children of the Euphrates, and the inhabitants of the land of the Euphrates;
30: 9 And all the men of Israel were numbered unto all the children of Judah, and they were not numbered of the seven hundred and thirty, and they came from the midst of the land of the kingdom, and the people of Israel were there, and the people of Israel spoke to them.
31: 9 Lki֡m At-imi֩ Hfr֨im Ha֜lh Bzmnih֗m Casr֩ Ki֨m Alih֜m Mrdc֤i Hihodi֙ and Ast֣r Hmlc֔h and Cas֛r Kim֥o Al-nfs֖m and Al-zra֑m Dbr֥i Htzm֖ot and Zaktֽm:
32: 9 And it came to pass, when Esther, the son of Kiyoham, spoke to them, saying, "Behold, I have given you up, and I have given you a blessing."
‪xxxx  Chapter 10   (3 verses)‬
1: 10 And he brought up the hand of the king, and he gave it unto him, and he gave it unto him, and he gave it unto him.
2: 10 Cl-mas֤h Tkfo֙ and Gb֣ort֔o and Frst֙ Gdl֣t Mrdc֔i As֥r Gdl֖o Hm֑lc Hloa-h֣m Ctob֗im Al-s֙fr֙ Dbr֣i Him֔im Lmlc֖i Md֥i and Frֽs:
3: 10 So that he may be blessed, and he is the LORD, and he is his servant, and he is the king of the seed of his seed.
‪xxxx    End of Esther (10 chapters, 167 verses).
