‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.45. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Exodus (40 chapters, 1213 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (22 verses)‬
1: 1 And these are the names of the sons of Israel, they are the children of Israel; they are coming to Mizrah, the nation of Isaac, because there is no man, and his daughter is in his house.
2: 1 Reuben, let him hear the voice of the LORD, and he will be wise.
3: 1 The people of Zechul, the city of Zebulu, were numbered 17, and the sons of Naman. [1]
4: 1 And he said: "And Naphtal is a mighty man, and a good man."
5: 1 And there was a great multitude of souls: the people of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the inhabitants of Nazareth.
6: 1 And Joseph came to Joseph, and all his brothers, and all the children of this land were brought to him.
7: 1 And the children of Israel sang unto him, and he went out, and he made his flock, and he multiplied his anger, and made him angry with him, and he came to him from the valley, and he was filled with them, and the land was not with them.
8: 1 And he rose up from Mezlah-e-Hadad, and went up to Mitzrayim, but Ashar, the son of Zidah, did not go up to go.
9: 1 And he said unto his people, Behold, we will be with them, because they are children, and they shall rejoice in the midst of the mighty, and the mighty among them from among us.
10: 1 And the LORD hath given it to him, and he hath given it to him, and he hath given it to him, and he hath given it to the fire, and it is poured out of the heat, and it is poured out of the fire, and it is poured out upon the fire, and it is not with us, nor against it, nor against it, nor against it, because of the land.
11: 1 And his men were over him, so that they were in the midst of their captivity, and they were in their paths, and they were in the midst of the cities, and they were in the midst of trouble, and the people of Pharao, and the Ramesses, were angry with them.
12: 1 And when he was satisfied, he gave him his counsel, so that he would multiply it, and thus they would be broken, and they would be crucified from the face of the children, but they would be saved.
13: 1 And they made the children of Egypt, the children of Israel, in the wilderness of Israel.
14: 1 And he lifted up his life, and they were in their labor, and they were stubborn in the midst of them, and they were in trouble, and in all their labor, they were in the land, and they were not all their servants, because they were servants, but they were in them in their midst.
15: 1 And he said unto them, I pray thee, I pray thee, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel.
16: 1 And he said, In the children of Israel, I saw the Hebrews, and they saw them, because they were not with the sons, but they were with them, and they were with them, and they were with them, and they were with them, and they were with them, and they were there, and they were there.
17: 1 And thou shalt be afraid of the children of Israel, and thou shalt bring the children of the children into the house of the children of Israel, and they shall not give birth to the children of Israel.
18: 1 And he came to Me in the midst of the land of Nazareth, and he went to the house of the children of Israel, and he said to her, This is the house of Mordecai, the house of the children of Mordecai, the son of David, the son of David.
19: 1 And the children of the children of Israel went up to Pharaoh, because they were not like the women of the Egyptians.
20: 1 And God gave him strength, and he gave birth to him, and he gave birth to the children of the land, and the people of Israel came to them.
21: 1 And it came to pass, that the children of Israel were in the house, and that the children of God were not in their midst, and that they had done them because they were in trouble.
22: 1 And Pharaoh sent him to all his people, saying unto him, All the sons of the sons of Israel, are the men of the house of the LORD, and of all the children of Israel, and of all the children of the house of the inhabitants of the land.
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (25 verses)‬
1: 2 And when the man came from Libiath, he came to him, and he brought the daughter of Levi to the house.
2: 2 And the woman was afraid of her, and she gave birth to them, and they saw him, because the children of the tribe of Israel were afraid, and the people of the tribe of Zephaniah were watching him, and they were afraid of them.
3: 2 and La-icl֣h Aod֮ Htzfino֒ and Tֽkֽh-lo֙ T֣bt G֔ma and Thmr֥h Bhm֖r and Bz֑ft and T֤sm Bh֙ At-hi֔ld and T֥sm Bs֖of Al-sf֥t Hiaֽr:
4: 2 And thou shalt give him his bread, and he shall give it to the earth, and he shall know what he is doing.
5: 2 And the daughter of Pharaoh went to rest on the house of the LORD, and her youth went up against the house of the LORD, and he saw the tabernacle, the daughter of the king of the tribe of Hastus, and took away her mother, and she took her. [1]
6: 2 And thou shalt reprove him, and show him the child, and behold, we beseech thee, and abominable him, and reproach him of the children of the children;
7: 2 And his mother said unto him, Come unto the daughter of Pharaoh, that is, thy God, and thy neighbor: I will give thee a wife, and she shall not be with thee; and thou shalt not give up thy inheritance.
8: 2 And the mother of Laban, the daughter of Pharaoh, said unto me, Lochachai, and thou shalt not go down to the house of the LORD, and thou shalt not see them;
9: 2 And Esther said to Leah the daughter of Pharaoh, Behold, I will bring thee to this house, and thou shalt bring him to him, and I will bring thee to thy neighbor, and the wife of the woman shall be ashamed of her, that she may be born, and thou shalt bring him away.
10: 2 And Gedaliah [1] was the child, and he brought him to the house of Pharaoh, and he was there unto him, and to them, and to him, and to his father, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, saying, "Behold, I am afraid of you."
11: 2 And behold, the children of the children of Israel were there, and Gedaliah married Moses, and he brought him to his brother, and he was in their captivity, and he saw that there was a man of sorrow, and that he was a man, a man of strength, and he was afraid of his brother.
12: 2 And the son of the son of Israel saw this, and he saw it, and he saw it, because there was no man, but there was no man, and he saw the Egyptians, and they hid him in the fire.
13: 2 And it came to pass, that the children of the two men were numbered, and that the men of the men had died, and that they had passed away, and they were victorious, and said unto them, Lord of hosts, I pray thee, thou shalt not see thy neighbor.
14: 2 and ֠iamr M֣i Sֽmc֞ La֨is S֤r and Sft֙ Al֔ino Hlhrg֙ni֙ At֣h Am֔r Cas֥r Hr֖gt At-hmtzr֑i and Iir֤a Msh֙ and Iam֔r Ac֖n Nod֥a Hdbֽr:
15: 2 and Ism֤a Frah֙ At-hdb֣r Hz֔h and Ibk֖s Lhr֣g At-ms֑h and Ibr֤h Msh֙ Mfn֣i Fra֔h and I֥sb Baֽrtz-mdi֖n and I֥sb Aֽl-hbaֽr:
16: 2 And all these are from Me, for they are not in the midst of the children, and they are coming, and they have become vain, and they have been circumcised, and they have given up the ark, and they are eager to give them strength.
17: 2 And the LORD was afraid, and he was not driven away, and he rose up from Moses, and he was the one who saved them. 17 And he gave them their sackcloth.
18: 2 And Abba the son of Rea begged her father, and he said to them, "Behold, I am afraid of you."
19: 2 And the men of Israel, the men of Egypt, were saved: they were saved from the hand of the wicked, and they were also very poor, because they were poor, and they were not, and they gave the fire to the fire.
20: 2 And he said unto his son, Bring him down, and his children: for this is he, that thou hast left the man, the man of his flock;
21: 2 And Joel the son of Moses sent her to the tribe of the man, and they brought Zephor, his daughter, to his house, to go to the house of Judah.
22: 2 And they gave birth to them, and they rose up, but they were not there; they were uprooted by them, but they were not, and they were not in the house of the LORD, but I was in the land of the land of Nazareth.
23: 2 and Ihi֩ Bim֨im Hֽrb֜im Hh֗m and I֙mt֙ M֣lc Mtzr֔im and Ianh֧o Bnֽi-isra֛l Mn-habd֖h and Iza֑ko and T֧al Soat֛m Al-halh֖im Mn-habdֽh:
24: 2 And God made them angry with the men of the tribe of Nath, and the LORD took up the covenant of Berath, bringing him to Abraham, and bringing them to Isaac, Isaac, and Jacob the son of Jacob.
25: 2 And God saw the children of the children of Israel, so that the children of Israel were raised.
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (22 verses)‬
1: 3 And Moses said, Behold, he is a rooster; he is the captain of his flock; he is his son, and he is his son, and he is the son of the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and he is the LORD.
2: 3 And behold, I saw the angel of the LORD, and he was with him, and he was not with him in the hearts of his wife, because he was the son of his daughter, and he was jealous of her, and she gave her the censure, and she gave her bread, and she gave it to her, and she gave it to her.
3: 3 And Moses said unto Moses, Asaara, the woman, see, and see the woman, seeing the greatness of the man, that is, she is not afraid of her, and she is not afraid;
4: 3 And the LORD saw him, because he was afraid of the sight of him, and he cried, and he said unto him, Behold, God is not with you, but thy servant is the son of the Lord. And Moses said unto Moses, Behold, Moses is a servant;
5: 3 And he said unto him, Thou shalt not return unto the Lord, that is, thy-thy-head, thy, thy, thy, thy, thy, thy, thy, thy, thy, thy, thy, thy, thy, thy, thy, thy, thy, thy,
6: 3 And I will say, I am not God, but God is your God, O God, I am Abraham, but God is the God of them, and I will not be victorious, and I will not be afraid of him, and I will come to you, and I will be ashamed of you, and I will not be afraid of you.
7: 3 And the word of the LORD said, See, I see, seeing, I have seen the people of Israel, and I have cried out for them in Egypt, and I have cried out for them, and they have not taken me away from me, nor have I seen them before.
8: 3 and Ar֞d Lhtzil֣o | Mi֣d Mtzr֗im and ֽlhalto֮ Mn-ha֣rtz Hhoa֒ Al-a֤rtz Tobh֙ and Rhb֔h Al-a֛rtz Zb֥t Hl֖b and Db֑s Al-mk֤om Hֽcnani֙ and H֣ht֔i and Hֽamri֙ and Hfrz֔i and Hho֖i and Hibosֽi:
9: 3 And behold, behold, the voice of the children of Israel came to me, saying, "Behold, I will come to you, and I will see you, and I will see you, and I will see you, and I will see you."
10: 3 And it came to pass to thee, and it came to thee that he sent thee to Pharaoh: and he took the people away: for they were not in the children of Israel, but were born of Egypt.
11: 3 And Moses said unto Moses, Behold, God is the God of the LORD: for I have come before thee, that I may come unto thee unto Pharaoh, and that I will bring forth the children of Israel, that they may be brought out of Egypt.
12: 3 And he said, "Behold, this is your name, your covenant, and this is your covenant, because this is what I have given you, because you have not seen the people of Egypt. The people of Nazareth have been worshiped, and the people of God have been defeated."
13: 3 and I֨amr Ms֜h Al-hֽalh֗im Hn֨h Anc֣i Ba֮ Al-bn֣i Isral֒ and Amrt֣i Lh֔m Alh֥i Abotic֖m Slh֣ni Alic֑m and Aֽmro-l֣i Mh-sm֔o M֥h Am֖r Alhֽm:
14: 3 And God said unto the LORD, Come unto Moses, behold, it is not, that is, I am the wife of Abraham, but she is the son of Abraham. And she said unto her, Behold, thou shalt say unto me, Be gracious unto me, thou shalt be glad, and I will not be with thee;
15: 3 and Iamr֩ A֨od Alh֜im Al-ms֗h Cֽh-tamr֮ Al-bn֣i Isral֒ Iho֞h Alh֣i Abtic֗m Alh֨i Abrh֜m Alh֥i Itzh֛k and Alh֥i Iak֖b Slh֣ni Alic֑m Zh-sm֣i Lal֔m and Z֥h Zcr֖i Ld֥r Dֽr:
16: 3 L֣c and Aֽsft֞ At-zkn֣i Isra֗l and Amrt֤ Alhm֙ Iho֞h Alh֤i Abֽticm֙ Nra֣h Al֔i Alh֧i Abrh֛m Itzh֥k and Iak֖b Lam֑r Fk֤d Fk֙dti֙ Atc֔m and At-has֥oi Lc֖m Bmtzrֽim:
17: 3 and Am֗r Aal֣h Atcm֮ Man֣i Mtzrim֒ Al-a֤rtz Hֽcnani֙ and H֣ht֔i and Hֽamri֙ and Hfrz֔i and Hho֖i and Hibos֑i Al-a֛rtz Zb֥t Hl֖b and Dbֽs:
18: 3 and Sma֖o Lkl֑c and Bat֡ Ath֩ and Zkn֨i Isra֜l Al-m֣lc Mtzr֗im and Amrt֤m Alio֙ Iho֞h Alh֤i Hֽabriim֙ Nkr֣h Al֔ino and At֗h Nֽlch-n֞a D֣rc Sl֤st Imim֙ Bmdb֔r and Nzbh֖h Lֽiho֥h Alhֽino:
19: 3 And I will be with you, my children, because I am not afraid, but I will not let you go, because they are coming to you from Egypt, to come to you, and to come to me in the direction of my strength.
20: 3 And I sent out my hand, and brought it to me, and put it to me in every manner, so that I might fall into it, and I will bring it to you, and I will bring it to you: and I will bring it to you, and afterward I will bring it to you.
21: 3 And I will bring the people of Israel into the midst of this land, in the eyes of the children of Egypt, and there will be no fear, for they will not be consumed, but they will not be destroyed, because they are empty.
22: 3 and Sal֨h As֤h Mscnth֙ and Mgr֣t Bit֔h Cli-c֛sf and Cl֥i Zh֖b and Sml֑t and Smt֗m Al-bnicm֙ and Al-bn֣tic֔m and Ntzlt֖m At-mtzrֽim:
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (31 verses)‬
1: 4 And Moses said to Moses, Behold, I am saying, Behold, I pray thee, let us not be afraid; and let him not hear the voice of the voice of the people, neither of you, nor of the voice of the LORD, nor of the voice of the LORD.
2: 4 And the Lord said unto him, O LORD, behold, there is no god but God, behold, there is no god but God.
3: 4 And he said unto him, Thou shalt not bring thee down: thou shalt not go down into the land, and thy inheritance shall be upon him: thou shalt not be thirsty, and he shall be his son.
4: 4 And the word of the LORD came to Moses, saying, Behold, I will send thee into the house of his brethren, and he shall be his son, and his hand shall be in his hands, and he shall give him his strength, and he shall give him bread in his hands.
5: 4 For the sake of our faithful people, because I am afraid of you, O God, O LORD, O God, O God, I am with you, I am your God, and I will not be with you, but God is with me, and I will not be victorious, and I will not fear you.
6: 4 And the LORD said unto him, Behold, O LORD, I pray thee, O LORD, I will give thee strength, and I will bring thee into thy hand, and he shall bring forth his hand in his own law, and he shall be his wife, and he shall give him his hand, and he shall bring him forth.
7: 4 And the word of the Lord shall be upon thee, O thy lord, go to thy throne, and thy hand shall return to his hand, and he shall bring his strength to him, and he shall be his father, and he shall be his son, and he shall be his son.
8: 4 And behold, the mother of the children of Israel came to you, and he did not listen to him, and he said to him, "This is the beginning of the first day, and this is our nation, and this is the last thing."
9: 4 and Hi֡h Am-l֣a Iam֡ino Gm֩ Lsn֨i Hat֜ot Ha֗lh and L֤a Ismaon֙ Lkl֔c and Lkht֙ Mmim֣i Hia֔r and Sfct֖ Hibs֑h and Hi֤o Hm֙im֙ As֣r Tk֣h Mn-hia֔r and Hi֥o Ld֖m Bibֽst:
10: 4 and I֨amr Ms֣h Al-ihoh֮ B֣i Adni֒ La֩ A֨is Dbr֜im An֗ci G֤m Mtmol֙ G֣m Msls֔m G֛m Ma֥z Dbrc [1] Al-abd֑c C֧i Cbd-f֛h and Cb֥d Ls֖on Anֽci:
11: 4 And the word of the LORD said unto him, Behold, the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the God of God, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Lord, the Son of God, and the Lord.
12: 4 And when I came to you, I came to you, and I came to you, and she was with you, and I saw you, and I did not turn away from you.
13: 4 And he said unto him, Behold, I am in the house of the Lord, and I will be with thee, and thou shalt not be ashamed.
14: 4 and Iֽhr-a֨f Iho֜h Bms֗h and I֙amr֙ Hl֨a Ahr֤n Ah֙ic֙ Hlo֔i Id֕ati Cֽi-db֥r Idb֖r H֑oa and G֤m Hnh-hoa֙ Itz֣a Lkrat֔c and Rac֖ and Sm֥h Blbֽo:
15: 4 And thou hast spoken unto him, and thou hast put up the voice of the LORD, and in his mouth, and in thee, behold, he is with thee, and with thy mouth, and with him, and with him, and with him, and with you, I will bring you to them, but I will not do that.
16: 4 And he said unto you, Go down unto the gate, and behold it, it shall come to pass, that it may be thy son, and it shall be to thee, and it shall come unto thee, and it shall be his bread.
17: 4 And the motto is that which is in the hands of thy hand, that he hath done the thing which he hath done.
18: 4 and I֨lc Ms֜h and I֣sb | Al-i֣tr Hֽtn֗o and I֤amr Lo֙ A֣lch N֗a and As֙obh֙ Al-ah֣i Asr-bmtzr֔im and Ara֖h Haod֣m Hi֑im and I֧amr Itr֛o Lms֖h L֥c Lslֽom:
19: 4 And the Lord said, O LORD, be unto Moses, that is in Meidah, that I may return to thee, that thou shalt be blessed, that I may not be satisfied with him; for I am not with you.
20: 4 And Moses took his wife, his wife, and his sons, and brought them up to the house of Hamam, and he returned, and he returned to the land of Mizrah, and Mizah brought him to Moses, and he gave her the rod of the LORD.
21: 4 and I֣amr Ihoh֮ Al-msh֒ Blctc֙ Ls֣ob Mtzr֔imh Ra֗h Cl-hmֽftim֙ Asr-s֣mti Bid֔c and Asit֖m Lfn֣i Fra֑h and Ani֙ Ahz֣k At-lb֔o and L֥a Isl֖h At-haֽm:
22: 4 And he said unto Pharaoh, Behold, the LORD hath said, O LORD, the son of Israel is in the house of the children of Israel.
23: 4 And he said unto you, I pray thee, that thou hast given my son to me, and that I will serve thee, and I will come to him, that I may send him away: behold, thou shalt not see thy son, bring thy son in thy presence.
24: 4 And he was in the house of the king of the tribe of Moon, and the LORD met him, and the LORD gave him bread.
25: 4 And the captain of Zipporah, the son of Zor, went down, and cut down his horn, and brought him to his feet, and said to him, "Behold, I am not married to you, but you are worthy of me."
26: 4 And there was a multitude of them; they were there; they were not numbered; they were seven hundred forty-seven; they were not circumcised;
27: 4 And the word of the LORD said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go down: thou shalt not be able to kill the wicked, but the LORD shall give thee strength, and he shall come upon thee, and he shall be filled with his anger, and the LORD shall be ashamed of him, and he shall not be ashamed.
28: 4 And Moses, the son of Levi, came to him, saying, "Behold, I have spoken all the things of the word of God." The LORD said, "As for him, I have sent his messenger, and all his family is gone.
29: 4 And Moses went down to her, and to Aaron, and he gave up all the children of the children, so that the children of Israel were saved.
30: 4 And David spoke to Aaron, saying, All the words of the word are spoken, which the LORD hath given to Moses, and to her that she hath done, that she may enter into the eyes of the children.
31: 4 And he went up to them, and he said to them, "Behold, I am with you, and I will hear the voice of the LORD, and I will bring you the children of Israel." So I said to them, "Behold, I saw the people of Israel, and I saw them."
‪xxxx  Chapter 5   (23 verses)‬
1: 5 And Ahazar the son of Moses, Moses, and Aaron, and said unto him, Verily, verily, the LORD hath said, O LORD, I pray thee, O God, I pray thee, I pray thee, that thou hast sent forth the people of the people, and they shall not go down to me in the wilderness.
2: 5 And Moses said to Pharaoh, "Behold, I am the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth."
3: 5 and I֣amr֔o Alh֥i Habr֖im Nkr֣a Al֑ino N֣lch N֡a Drc֩ Sl֨st Im֜im Bmdb֗r and Nzbhh֙ Lֽiho֣h Alh֔ino F֨n-ifga֔no Bd֖br A֥o Bhֽrb:
4: 5 And it was said unto them, The children of Israel have been brought to Israel, and they have not given them up; they have given them to the LORD, and they have given up the people of the land, which they have done to them, so that they may not turn to them.
5: 5 And Pharaoh said to Pharaoh, Behold, they are great; they are the people of the land, and their captivity is theirs; yea, they are not in their captivity.
6: 5 And Pharaoh commanded him, that they were the sons of the people, that they brought the people of the land away, and the people of the tribe of Amor.
7: 5 Lo, the son of Joseph, the son of Laban, the son of Laban, the sons of Laban, the sons of Laban, and the children of the tribe of Shelomo, were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and they were ashamed of them.
8: 5 and At-mtc֨nt Hlbn֜im As֣r Hm֩ As֨im Tm֤ol Slsm֙ Ts֣imo Alih֔m L֥a Tgra֖o Mm֑no Cֽi-nrf֣im H֔m Al-c֗n H֤m Tzֽakim֙ Lam֔r Nlc֖h Nzbh֥h Lalhֽino:
9: 5 Thou shalt put down the work of the servants, because they are against the men, and they shall do it to them, and do not take care of them in the words of the wise man.
10: 5 And it came to pass, that the people of Nosheth came up, and that the people of the tribe of Tire were destroyed, and said unto them, Come unto me, saying unto her, Am I not a man of Pharaoh, that I am not worthy of them, that thou art not the son of a son?
11: 5 Thou shalt not take it, and take it unto thee, and thou shalt not give it to the children of Esau, but they shall not be put to death; but they shall not be filled with wine; they shall not be filled with bread;
12: 5 And the multitude of them was in the midst of all the land of Egypt: and it was hard for the king to make it easy.
13: 5 And the Angels came to him, saying, Amen, they have done all the things that were done to them, so that they may be put to death in their days, and as in the fire, they shall be the children of the children.
14: 5 and Ic֗o Sֽtri֙ Bn֣i Isra֔l Asr-s֣mo Alh֔m Ngs֥i Fra֖h Lam֑r Md֡oa La֩ Clit֨m Hkc֤m Llbn֙ Ctm֣ol Sls֔m Gm-tm֖ol Gm-hiֽom:
15: 5 And it came to pass, that it was not so, that I might judge it, but the children of Israel would be ashamed; and let it go out to Pharaoh, and I would not say unto her, Why do you not do this to thy servants?
16: 5 Thou shalt not give to thy children, but thou shalt not commit adultery, but serve thee, and reproach the children: say unto him, Behold, ye have done it, and have done it, and thy servant is thy servant;
17: 5 And he said, You have been burned; yea, they have been burned down; therefore you have not seen them, but they have been destroyed; they have gone down to you; ye have sacrificed them;
18: 5 And when the servants came to them, they worshiped them, and they did not give birth to them; they did not give them to them, neither did they enter into the children, but they gave themselves to them.
19: 5 And when they saw that they were quiet, they shook themselves up, because the children of Israel were afraid of them, because they were afraid of them, but they were not angry with them, because they were against them, because they spoke to them in their own words.
20: 5 And they turned away the people of Moses, and the people of Aaron, they were not afraid to call them, but in the midst of them, they were not the first of Pharaoh's people.
21: 5 and Iamr֣o Alh֔m I֧ra Iho֛h Alic֖m and Isf֑t As֧r Hbast֣m At-rih֗no Bain֤i Frah֙ and Bain֣i Abd֔io Lֽtt-h֥rb Bid֖m Lhrgֽno:
22: 5 And Moses returned to Moses, to the LORD, and he said: 'Behold, I am the Lord of the Universe.' "The Lord said," The Lord is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son, the Son, the Son, the Son, the Son, and the Son. "
23: 5 And what is it that thou hast given me unto Pharaoh, that thou shalt be glad in thy name, that it may be made to thee, that is, that is, that is, and the trumpet, and thou shalt not take thy people away?
‪xxxx  Chapter 6   (30 verses)‬
1: 6 And the word of the LORD came to Moses, saying, "Come, I pray thee, thou shalt give up the land of Esau, and I will bring it to Pharaoh, for it is a sign that there is no power in the land of the LORD, and that there is no power in the land of the LORD."
2: 6 And God spoke to God, saying unto Moses, Behold, I will say unto them, Behold, I am not with thee, O LORD, O LORD!
3: 6 And he said unto Elohim, "Do not go to Isaac, and I will come to Jacob in the midst of the LORD, and I will be ashamed of you!" The LORD said, "Behold, I will not let you go."
4: 6 And when you have taken my covenant with me, you have given them a gift, and you have given them to them, and they have given them to the land of the land, and they have not given up their land, but they have not been destroyed.
5: 6 And he said unto them, I am the LORD, that I may give up the inheritance of the children of Israel, that I may not be ashamed of them.
6: 6 Lc֞n Am֥r Lbnֽi-isra֘l [1] An֣i Ihoh֒ and Hotzat֣i Atc֗m Mt֙ht֙ Sbl֣t Mtzr֔im and Htzlt֥i Atc֖m Mabdt֑m and Galt֤i Atcm֙ Bzr֣oa Ntoi֔h and Bsft֖im Gdlֽim:
7: 6 And thou hast taken them: for I have given them bread, and they have given me bread, and they have given me bread, and they have given them bread, and they have given them bread, and they have given them bread, and they have given them bread.
8: 6 6 And I brought you, I brought you to the land, as I saw, I saw you, I saw you, and I saw the children of Israel, and I gave them to them, to their fathers, and to them, and to them, and to them, and to them, and to them.
9: 6 And the children of Moses murmured, so that they were unto the children of Israel, that they were raised, and that they were not, that they had not heard; they had not come to Moses; but they had been saved, and they were not made servants.
10: 6 And the LORD spoke to her, saying unto Moses, Behold, I am not afraid.
11: 6 Behold, thou shalt not go down to Pharaoh: for he hath turned away from Egypt, and he hath taken away the children of Israel, and he hath brought him out of his land.
12: 6 And the man of Moses went up to her, saying, Behold, Yahweh, the son of Amor: the son of Israel is the son of Israel, and she is not a man;
13: 6 And Idb֣r Ihoh֮ Al-ms֣h and Aֽl-ahrn֒ and Itzom֙ Al-bn֣i Isra֔l and Al-fra֖h M֣lc Mtzr֑im Lhotz֥ia At-bnֽi-isra֖l Ma֥rtz Mtzrֽim: S.
14: 6 I am the chief of the family, the house of your fathers, because they are sons, and they are reared in the house of Israel, and they are the children of Hanan, and the people of Philosopheles, the cities of Hebron, and the vineyards of Galilee, the cities of Reuben.
15: 6 And the children of Israel heard the words of the prophets, saying, "Behold, I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will go to the house of the son of the Canaanites, and I will bring you to you from the land of Israel."
16: 6 And I will give you the name of the children of the children of Israel, even if they are not to be circumcised, because they have not been uprooted, and they have been burned down, and they have been burned down, and they have been burned alive, so that they may be destroyed, and that they will not be destroyed.
17: 6 Behold, I will not raise my tongue, and build me up, and I will listen to their families.
18: 6 And the sons of the children of Kohath, the sons of Amor, were there, and they were victorious, and the sons of Israel were burned, and the goats were burned, and the two of them were alive, and they were alive, and they were not satisfied, and they were not ashamed of them.
19: 6 And the children of Merry, Merry, and Mechal, are they, and they have been raised, and have given them to the children of Israel, because they have given birth to their children.
20: 6 And he took his wife to death, and gave him up to his wife, and he gave birth to him, and they gave him a hundred shekels, and two hundred years of life, and the two men were alive, and they were still alive.
21: 6 And the children of the children of Israel were victorious, and the people of Israel were scattered, and they remembered.
22: 6 And the children of the children of Uzziah, of the tribe of Ishada, went up to Elazar, 17 and Sanctuary.
23: 6 And Ehrath took Aaron to the house of the children of Amidah, and brought him to the house of the women of Nathon, and to him, to Esau, and to Nidal, to Nadab, and to Abijah, and to Elazar, and to Elisham,
24: 6 And the sons of the children of Kohath, of Persia, of Asir, and Elkanah, and Abiasas, of Elohim, of Mesopotamia, of the Korachites.
25: 6 And Azazar the son of Aaron, the son of Aaron, the son of Laban, the son of Laban, the son of Phaathias, the son of Levi, the son of Levi, the wife of Shapiro, and of the tribe of Levi, and of the tribe of Zephyr, of Asher, the chief of the tribe of Judah, the fathers of the tribe of Levi, and of the tribe of Mesopotamia.
26: 6 Behold, it is not the people of Israel, but the people of Israel, the people of Israel; the LORD is the LORD, and they are the children of Israel, and they are the sons of Israel, and they are the children of Israel, because of the land of Israel, according to their commandment.
27: 6 When the children of Israel spoke to Pharaoh, they turned away from the Egyptians, and they brought the sons of Israel into the land of Egypt, and they were not pleased with them, and they were afraid of them.
28: 6 And it came to pass, that when the LORD spoke unto the LORD, he came unto Moses in the midst of the land of Egypt.
29: 6 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying unto him, I am saying unto thee, O LORD, I pray thee, thou shalt not go down into the land of Israel, but thou shalt surely go down into the land of Israel: all things, that I may not be, I will bring thee unto thee.
30: 6 And Moses said unto Moses, Behold, I am with thee, O LORD, for I am with thee, and I will make thee into the mouth of thy mouth, and thy mouth shall be filled with bread.
‪xxxx  Chapter 7   (29 verses)‬
1: 7 And the word of the LORD came unto Moses, saying, See, I have given thee thy word, God is not to Pharaoh, but thou and Aaron are thy brother: behold, thy prophet will bring thee.
2: 7 Behold, thou shalt not be afraid of all things, but thy enemy is thy throne, and thy lord is thy brother, and he hath turned away to Pharaoh, and hath taken away the sons of Israel, and he hath brought him out of his land.
3: 7 And I will take the wife of Libra to Pharaoh, and multiply me and me, and the women of Moabatha in the land of Egypt.
4: 7 and Lֽa-ism֤a Alcm֙ Fra֔h and Ntt֥i At-id֖i Bmtzr֑im and Hotzat֨i At-tzbat֜i At-am֤i Bnֽi-isral֙ Ma֣rtz Mtzr֔im Bsft֖im Gdlֽim:
5: 7 And he knew that he was thirsty, and that he was not so much. But the LORD, the children of Israel, brought the children of Israel out of Egypt, and brought the children of Israel into the house of the children of Israel.
6: 7 And Moses made her a wife and her father, as the LORD commanded her, and the LORD was with them.
7: 7 And Moses, the son of Shaman, was married to him, and she and her son were married, and the sons of Shelomo were there, and they were saved, and they were married to them in the wilderness, but they were not with Pharaoh.
8: 7 And the word of the LORD said unto Moses, Behold, thou shalt go up to Aaron, and be faithful unto them.
9: 7 For if the LORD will bring them to you, they shall be fruitful, and they shall be steadfast, and they shall not be put to death, and they shall be put to death, and they shall be put to death, and they shall be put to death, and they shall not be put to death.
10: 7 and Ib֨a Ms֤h and Ahrn֙ Al-fra֔h and I֣aso [1] C֔n Cas֖r Tzo֣h Iho֑h and Isl֨c Ahr֜n At-mt֗ho Lfn֥i Fra֛h and Lfn֥i Abd֖io and Ih֥i Ltnֽin:
11: 7 And he called the people of Gera, the sons of the wise men, and the men of the house of the wise men, and the men of valor, and the men of the men of Israel;
12: 7 And the man who was with him came to him, and there was a man of his own tribe, and his people were with them, and they were not with them, and they came to the house of Moses, and they brought them to death.
13: 7 And the LORD was blessed with the fruit of Pharaoh, and it came to pass, that the people of Israel went up to them, as as the LORD had done, and the LORD had rebelled against them.
14: 7 And the Lord said unto them, Come unto Moses, thou shalt not go down to Pharaoh, but he that is from them shall be sent to the land of Hatham.
15: 7 Let you go to Pharaoh, who is in the cold, and he will not be thirsty, but he will be thirsty, and he will be steadfast in his sight, and he will bring his strength upon the lips of the sea, and the rain that is upon you, which we will give you to Noah, and you will be put to rest in your hands.
16: 7 And you said, O God, be with me, O LORD, O God, O God, I am the LORD, the God of Israel, and I will send you to the land of Israel, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
17: 7 As if the mother of the LORD, O LORD, is in the midst of the earth, thou shalt not be afraid; for I am with thee, O LORD, for I am with thee, and I am not with thee, but with me, I am with thee, that is, with me, and with me, and with me in the hand of the mother, and as for the children of the children of Israel.
18: 7 And the glory was that which was in the air, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came to Mizoram, to drink the water of the water from the sea.
19: 7 and I֨amr Iho֜h Al-ms֗h Am֣r Aֽl-ahr֡n K֣h Mtc֣ and Ntֽh-idc֩ Al-mim֨i Mtzr֜im Aֽl-nhrt֣m | Al-iarih֣m and Al-agmih֗m and A֛l Cl-mko֥h Mimih֖m and Iֽhio-d֑m and H֤ih Dm֙ Bcl-a֣rtz Mtzr֔im and Batz֖im and Babnֽim:
20: 7 and Iֽaso-cn֩ Ms֨h and Ahr֜n Cas֣r | Tzo֣h Iho֗h and I֤rm Bmth֙ and I֤c At-hm֙im֙ As֣r Bia֔r Lain֣i Fra֔h and Lain֖i Abd֑io and Ihֽfc֛o Cl-hm֥im Asr-bia֖r Ldֽm:
21: 7 And the glory was that which came to pass away from Mezirah, and it came to pass, that it was not, and that it was not possible for them to be thirsty; for they were not afraid of the fire, and they were afraid of them in all the land of Egypt.
22: 7 And they did what they did, so that they were ashamed of them, and the people of Egypt were not in their captivity, and they were eager, and the heart of Pharaoh was great, and they did not go astray, but as they were, as the LORD said unto them,
23: 7 And the son of Pharao came to him, and brought him to his house, and he was not able to bring him into his house, neither did he.
24: 7 And he was ashamed of all the people of Egypt, but he was not round about, but he was still in the midst of them, saying, "Behold, I will not be ashamed."
25: 7 And he went up to Sheba, saying, "It is a day after the end of the reign of the LORD."
26: 7 And the word of the LORD came to Moses, saying, Behold, I pray thee unto Pharaoh, and thou hast said unto him, I pray thee, O nation, I pray thee, O LORD, thou shalt take away the people of me: and I will not serve my servants.
27: 7 And if thou art, thou shalt be satisfied with him, that is, I will give thee strength: and I will bring thee all thy mighty men into the midst of the wilderness.
28: 7 and Sr֣tz Hiar֮ Tzfrdaim֒ and Alo֙ and B֣ao Bbit֔c and Bhd֥r Mscbc֖ and Al-mtt֑c and Bb֤it Abd֙ic֙ and Bam֔c and Btnor֖ic and Bmsarotֽic:
29: 7 And behold, it is in thy people, and in all the works of thy servant, it shall come to pass, and it shall come to pass.
‪xxxx  Chapter 8   (28 verses)‬
1: 8 and I֣amr Ihoh֮ Al-msh֒ Am֣r Aֽl-ahr֗n Nt֤h At-idc֙ Bmt֔c Al-h֨nhr֔t Al-hiar֖im and Al-hagm֑im and H֥al At-hֽtzfrda֖im Al-a֥rtz Mtzrֽim:
2: 8 And Aaron went down, and took his hand out of it, out of the water of Mitzrayim. And he went up to the side of the Tsarpard, and smote the land of Mizraham.
3: 8 And they did so, so that they were in the midst of them, and they came to them, and brought them up to the ground, and they came to the land of Mizrahath.
4: 8 and Ikr֨a Fra֜h Lms֣h and ֽlahr֗n and I֙amr֙ Hat֣iro Al-iho֔h and Isr֙ Hֽtzfrda֔im Mm֖ni and Mֽam֑i and Aslhh֙ At-ha֔m and Izbh֖o Lihoֽh:
5: 8 and I֣amr Ms֣h Lfrah֮ Htfa֣r Ali֒ Lmt֣i | Aat֣ir Lc֗ and Labd֙ic֙ and ֽlamc֔ Lhcrit֙ Hֽtzfrda֔im Mmc֖ and Mbt֑ic R֥k Bia֖r Tsaֽrnh:
6: 8 And he said to Mehamar, "Behold, I will tell you that your heart is in a state of fear, because I am afraid of you, because I am afraid of God."
7: 8 And I will not be afraid of you, nor shall I be afraid of you: but I will give you bread, and your works will be filled with you, and I will not be with you for a long time.
8: 8 And Moses gave them strength, and they gave up their wickedness: and Pharaoh came to Moses, saying, "Behold, I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will go down to the wilderness, and I will not go down to Pharaoh."
9: 8 And when the LORD made it, the LORD gave it to the people of Moses, and it came to pass, and it was the commandment of the LORD, and the commandment of the sons of the children, even from the command of the fortress, and the land of the land.
10: 8 And they shall be crucified, but ye shall not fast; they shall not fast, but they shall come, and they shall be in the land.
11: 8 And Pharaoh saw Pharaoh, because he was afraid of him; he was the LORD of the LORD, and he was the captain of his heart, and his heart was gone, and he did not lift them up, but as they were, as the LORD had done, the LORD commanded him.
12: 8 And the word of the LORD came unto Moses, saying, Behold, thou shalt go up to the throne of Aaron, behold, thou shalt not go down to the land of thy land; and thou shalt bring the anger of the land, and it shall be the land of them that is in the midst of all the land of Egypt.
13: 8 and Iֽaso-c֗n and It֩ Ahr֨n At-id֤o Bmt֙ho֙ and Ic֙ At-af֣r Ha֔rtz and Thi֙ Hcn֔m Bad֖m and Bbhm֑h Cl-af֥r Ha֛rtz Hi֥h Cn֖im Bcl-a֥rtz Mtzrֽim:
14: 8 And they did so, and the people of Hartham came to them in their captivity, but they took away the priests, and they did not consume them, and they lived in their midst, because they were in their hands, and they were in their hearts.
15: 8 And he said unto him, Behold, the LORD hath sent forth unto Pharaoh the LORD: God hath given him strength: for he is not, and he hath taken the heart of Pharaoh, and he hath not taken it, and he hath brought them unto them, as as the LORD hath destroyed the house of Jehovah the LORD.
16: 8 and I֨amr Iho֜h Al-ms֗h Hsc֤m Bb֙kr֙ and Htitzb֙ Lfn֣i Fra֔h Hn֖h Iotz֣a Hm֑imh and Amrt֣ Al֗io C֚h Am֣r Iho֔h Sl֥h Am֖i and Iֽabdֽni:
17: 8 C֣i Am-ainc֮ Msl֣h At-ami֒ Hnni֩ Msl֨ih Bc֜ and Babd֧ic and ֽbamc֛ and Bbt֖ic At-har֑b and M֨la֜o Bt֤i Mtzr֙im֙ At-h֣ar֔b and G֥m Hadm֖h Asr-h֥m Alֽih:
18: 8 And I will be afraid of you, because I am the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
19: 8 And you shall be put to death, because there is no nation but you, and there is no nation among you, nor a nation, nor a nation, nor a nation.
20: 8 And when the LORD came to him, he came to him, and came, and he came to the city of Ba֔b כb, and he returned to the house of Pharaoh, and the servant of Abadah came to him, and in the midst of all the land of Mizrah֛m, he brought the land of the land, and the land of the land was empty.
21: 8 And he came to Pharaoh, to Pharaoh, to Moses, and to Aaron, and he said to him, Give him a sacrifice, and let him not go down to them, because they are in the land.
22: 8 and I֣amr Ms֗h L֤a Ncon֙ Las֣ot C֔n C֚i Toab֣t Mtzr֔im Nzb֖h Liho֣h Alh֑ino H֣n Nzb֞h At-toab֥t Mtzr֛im Lainih֖m and L֥a Isklֽno:
23: 8 Thou shalt go down, that thou shalt be glad, and let us go down in the wilderness, and let us go, and let us go, and behold, we shall not be ashamed: for God is our God, as as a wife,
24: 8 And I will say, Pharaoh, I will give thee strength, and I will sacrifice them for the LORD, O God, O God, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength.
25: 8 and I֣amr Ms֗h Hn֨h Anc֜i Iotz֤a Mֽamc֙ and Hatrt֣i Al-iho֔h and S֣r Har֗b Mfra֛h Mabd֥io and Mam֖o Mh֑r R֗k Al-is֤f Frah֙ Ht֔l Lblti֙ Sl֣h At-ha֔m Lzb֖h Lֽihoֽh:
26: 8 And Moses gave up her bread, because of the fruit of her heart, and she turned to the LORD.
27: 8 And Jehovah did so, and the Lord gave him his strength, and he became a serpent, and he rose up from afar, from his work, and from his work, and from his people, he was not married;
28: 8 And the captain of Pharaoh saw his heart, and he went down with them in the midst of this land, and he came not to take away the land.
‪xxxx  Chapter 9   (35 verses)‬
1: 9 And the word of the LORD came unto Moses, saying, Behold, I pray thee unto thee, and thou hast spoken unto him, and unto him, behold, the LORD hath said unto him, Lord, I pray thee, O God, I will not go down, for thou hast taken away my people, and my servants are my servants.
2: 9 For if, if thou art not, that is, it is not for thee, but for thy people, and for thee;
3: 9 Behold, the hand of the LORD is upon you, and it is in the midst of you, that I will bear witness, that I will be ashamed of you, and that I will be ashamed of you, that I may be ashamed of you; I will not be ashamed of you; I will not be ashamed of you, nor shall I be ashamed of you.
4: 9 And the LORD, the LORD, hath revealed to them that there is no place for them, that they have been born; and that they have not received any kind of food, and they have not given it to them, and they have not given it to them, nor are they any more than all the children of Israel.
5: 9 And it came to pass, that the LORD, the LORD, had given up the word of the LORD, saying, "It is the day of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Lord,
6: 9 And when the LORD made it, he brought it to the LORD, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to the children of Israel, and it came to them that they were not.
7: 9 And it came to pass, that Pharaoh was with her, and she gave her not a gift from her nest, but he went up to the house of David another day, and he was ashamed of him, and he returned to Pharaoh, and he was not able to take away the land.
8: 9 And the word of the LORD said unto Moses, Go down, and go to Aaron: take thy hand, and it shall be upon thee, that thou shalt give them bread, and it shall be his bread, and the seed thereof shall be given to him, that is, the bread of the rain, and the bread for the wine.
9: 9 And he gave to the father all the men of the land of Egypt: and he gave them to the people, and to the house, to destroy them: they were not scattered, but they were not in the land of the land of Egypt.
10: 9 and Ikh֞o At-f֣ih Hcbs֗n and Iֽamdo֙ Lfn֣i Fra֔h and Izr֥k At֛o Ms֖h Hsm֑imh and Ih֗i Shin֙ Ababa֔t Fr֕h Bad֖m and Bbhmֽh:
11: 9 And it came to pass, that the people of the tribe of Israel were in the midst of the land of Israel, that they were not in the midst of the land, but that they were not, because they were not, but they were the ones that were not in their possession, and they were in the midst of all their treasures.
12: 9 And Jehoah, the son of Jehoah, came to the house of Laban, Pharaoh, and they were not. So they went up to them, and as they were, so did the LORD, the LORD, go down to the land of Moses.
13: 9 and I֤amr Ihoh֙ Al-ms֔h Hsc֣m Bb֔kr and Htitz֖b Lfn֣i Fra֑h and Amrt֣ Al֗io Cֽh-am֤r Ihoh֙ Alh֣i Hֽabr֔im Sl֥h At-am֖i and Iֽabdֽni:
14: 9 When I came, I saw that I had finished all my shields with your servant, and with your people, in the midst of the fire, and in the heat of the fire, so that I might not be ashamed, because I was in all the midst of the earth.
15: 9 When the time is gone, I will give you my hand, and I will give you a hand, and your people will come to you in the wilderness, and you shall be ashamed of the land.
16: 9 And they shall not be in the midst of this, but the LORD shall be with you, and I will make you happy; and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength.
17: 9 Thou hast gone astray with the people of Saul, but in the people, they have not turned away, but they have sent them away.
18: 9 Let me know that I am very grateful to you for the blessing of God, the Lord of the World, and the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the Worlds.
19: 9 and At֗h Sl֤h Haz֙ Aֽt-mknc֔ and A֛t Cl-as֥r Lc֖ Bsd֑h Cl-had֨m and Hbhm֜h Asֽr-imtz֣a Bsd֗h and L֤a Iֽasf֙ Hb֔ith and Ir֧d Alh֛m Hbr֖d and Mֽto:
20: 9 When the LORD saw the LORD, he saw that the LORD was a servant. He was a coward; he defiled his servant, and brought him down, and brought him to the house of the children.
21: 9 And it was as though they were not yet to bring him into the house of the LORD, but Yahweh, and he, and Boaz, turned away his servant, and his people, and brought him to his place in the land of Judah.
22: 9 and I֨amr Iho֜h Al-msh Nt֤h At-iֽdc֙ Al-hsm֔im and Ih֥i Br֖d Bcl-a֣rtz Mtzr֑im Al-had֣m and Al-hbhm֗h and A֛l Cl-a֥sb Hsd֖h Ba֥rtz Mtzrֽim:
23: 9 And he put down his face, and brought it to the heavens, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he returned to him, and he returned to him, and he went down to the ground, and he turned away from him, and the LORD saw him, and he rebelled against the people of the land of Mitzrayim.
24: 9 And behold, the son of Barad, and his wife, Meltalk, the daughter of Hatham, the son of the son of Barad, the son of David, of the Amorites, was there a lion, a woman of the tribe of Judah, who was in the midst of the land of Israel, and of Mizrah, of Meron, where were they?
25: 9 and I֨c Hbr֜d Bcl-a֣rtz Mtzr֗im A֚t Cl-as֣r Bsd֔h Mad֖m and Ad-bhm֑h and A֨t Cl-a֤sb Hsdh֙ Hc֣h Hbr֔d and At-cl-a֥tz Hsd֖h Sbֽr:
26: 9 And Rakech was in the garden of Goshen the son of Asher, whose name was Benn, but he was not a man; he was not a man; he was a son of Abraham.
27: 9 And he went to Pharaoh, and he called to Moses, and he said unto them, Behold, I am saying unto them, Thou art a sinner, I am the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the people of Zion, and I am with you, and the people are not evil.
28: 9 Behold, thou shalt be warned, O God, O LORD, O LORD, and be merciful unto me; for there is no god but God, and God is the God, and the Lord is the LORD, and the Lord is the God, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord.
29: 9 And Moses said to him, "Behold, I will go down with you, as I have commanded you, I will bring you to the land of Israel, and I will bring you to the house of God."
30: 9 And thou hast worked, and thy servant hath done my hand: for I have gone astray; thou shalt be afraid, and behold, from the face of me, the LORD is the God of God.
31: 9 And the fear of the LORD, and the gladness of the LORD, was blessed: for the gate was full, and there was a fountain of flame, and the darkness of the ground was dry.
32: 9 And thou shalt be put to death, and thou shalt be covered; and behold, thou shalt not be blessed; for it is not dark;
33: 9 And Moses, the son of Moses, went out of their midst, and broke the horn of the fire, and turned his hand toward the LORD, and he gave it to him, and he came to him, and said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be afraid, and thou shalt not be afraid.
34: 9 And he saw the fruit of the cow, because he was alone, and he was afraid of the rain, and the son of Abraham was afraid of him, and he gave him a sword, and he made him a scapegoat, and he went up to his heart, and his servants came to him.
35: 9 And behold, it is the inheritance of the LORD, the LORD of the Pharaoh, the Lord of the world, and of the children of Israel, of the children of Israel, as a woman, as the LORD, the LORD, hath commanded the LORD, the son of Moses.
‪xxxx  Chapter 10   (29 verses)‬
1: 10 And the word of the LORD came to Moses, saying, Behold, I am not afraid of thee, that I may be afraid of his heart, and I will not serve his servant, but I will not go back to you, but I will bring you to him, and I will bring you to his house. [C]
2: 10 Lm֡an Tsfr֩ Bazn֨i Bnc֜ and Bn-bnc֗ A֣t As֤r Htal֙lti֙ Bmtzr֔im and At-att֖i Asr-s֣mti B֑m and ֽidat֖m Ci-an֥i Ihoֽh:
3: 10 Ib֨a Ms֣h and Ahrn֮ Al-frah֒ and Iamr֣o Al֗io Cֽh-am֤r Ihoh֙ Alh֣i Hֽabr֔im Ad-mt֣i Ma֔nt Lan֖t Mfn֑i Sl֥h Am֖i and Iֽabdֽni:
4: 10 Wherefore, if thou art not satisfied, that thou mayest send the people away? Behold, I am not with thee, that thou mayest be afraid, I will multiply thee in thy anger.
5: 10 Csh֙ At-a֣in Ha֔rtz and L֥a Ioc֖l Lra֣t At-ha֑rtz and Ac֣l | At-i֣tr Hflt֗h Hnsa֤rt Lcm֙ Mn-hbr֔d and Acl֙ At-cl-ha֔tz Htzm֥h Lc֖m Mn-hsdֽh:
6: 10 Mla֨o Bt֜ic and Bt֣i Cl-abdic֮ and Bt֣i Cl-mtzrim֒ As֨r Lֽa-ra֤o Abt֙ic֙ and Ab֣ot Abt֔ic Mi֗om Hiotm֙ Al-h֣adm֔h A֖d Hi֣om Hz֑h and I֥fn and Itz֖a Ma֥m Fraֽh:
7: 10 Iamro֩ Abd֨i Fra֜h Al֗io Ad-mti֙ Ihi֨h Z֥h L֙no֙ Lmok֔s Slh֙ At-h֣ans֔im and Iֽabd֖o At-iho֣h Alhih֑m Ht֣rm Td֔a C֥i Abd֖h Mtzrֽim:
8: 10 And Moses brought the people of the land, and Aaron's countenance, unto Pharaoh, and he said unto them, Behold, ye shall not serve the servant, O God, O God, O God, be with them, and they shall not be destroyed.
9:10 And Moses said to Moses, Behold, our sons, and our sons, and your sons, have borne us in our sons, and our sons have borne us in our descendants, and we have been born before you, and they have been blessed for you, since the festival of the LORD is over for us.
10: 10 And he said unto them, Behold, Jehovah is your people, because they are as wicked as they are, because they have made them, and they have been given to them, and they have seen them, because they are evil, but they are not their enemies.
11: 10 Lo, behold, there is no god but them, but they are the mighty ones, and they are not, and they are the servants of the LORD, because ye have not seen them, but you have not yet given them hope, and they have defiled them, but they have not gone away before.
12: 10 I֨amr Iho֜h Al-ms֗h Nt֨h Idc֜ Al-a֤rtz Mtzr֙im֙ Bֽarb֔h and I֖al Al-a֣rtz Mtzr֑im and Iacl֙ At-cl-a֣sb Ha֔rtz A֛t Cl-as֥r Hsa֖ir Hbrֽd:
13: 10 I֨t Ms֣h At-mtho֮ Al-a֣rtz Mtzrim֒ and ֽiho֗h Nh֤g R֥oh Kdim֙ Ba֔rtz Cl-hi֥om Hh֖oa and Cl-hl֑ilh Hb֣kr Hi֔h and R֙oh֙ Hkd֔im Ns֖a At-harbֽh:
14: 10 I֣al Hֽarb֗h A֚l Cl-a֣rtz Mtzr֔im and I֕nh Bc֖l Gb֣ol Mtzr֑im Cb֣d Ma֔d L֠fnio La-h֨ih C֤n Arbh֙ Cm֔ho and Ahr֖io L֥a Iֽhih-cֽn:
15: 10 Ic֞s At-a֣in Cl-hartz֮ and Ths֣c Hartz֒ and I֜acl At-cl-a֣sb Ha֗rtz and At֙ Cl-fr֣i Ha֔tz As֥r Hot֖ir Hbr֑d and La-not֨r Cl-i֧rk Ba֛tz and Ba֥sb Hsd֖h Bcl-a֥rtz Mtzrֽim:
16: 10 And Maara the son of Pharao came to the house of Korah, to Moses and Leah, and he said unto them, Behold, I am a sinner, that I may be worthy of the LORD, and God is the God of them, and they are their servants.
17: 10 And when it came to pass, it was not a sin, but it was my transgression, and the people of the people were angry with them, and they gave warning to the LORD, because God was with them, and he forbade them from entering into it, and he brought forth the people of this land.
18: 10 And he came out of the midst of the wilderness, and came to the house of the LORD.
19: 10 And thy Lord, behold, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD of hosts, and he is the one who is mighty, and the one who is mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty.
20: 10 And Jehoah, the son of Jehoah, married Leah the son of Pharah, and he was not able to bring the son of Israel to Israel.
21: 10 And the Lord said unto him, Behold, unto Moses, thou shalt not go down: for thy name is against thee, for it is not in thy name, nor for thy name, nor for thy inheritance, but for the land of Egypt, and for your inheritance.
22: 10 And Moses slew his hand with his hand on the fire; and he was afraid of the darkness of the darkness of the earth, even in the midst of the earth of Mizoram, that the six men were dead.
23: 10 Lo, behold, there was no man, that was his brother, and his mother, and his mother, and his wife, and his wife, and his wife, and her children, and the children of the children of Israel.
24: 10 And he cried unto Pharaoh, saying unto Moses, Behold, I will say unto thee, Glorify him, and thou shalt give up the LORD thy God: and the LORD shall bring them to the land, and they shall bring them forth, and they shall come to them, and they shall return to their land.
25: 10 And Moses said unto her, Also, thou art not satisfied with our hands: they sacrificed bread, and made bread, and did it to us, to God, O God, our God, and to us.
26: 10 Gm-mkn֜no Il֣c Am֗no L֤a Tsar֙ Frs֔h C֚i Mm֣no Nk֔h Lab֖d At-iho֣h Alh֑ino and An֣hno Lֽa-nd֗a Mֽh-nabd֙ At-iho֔h Ad-ba֖no Sֽmh:
27: 10 And Jehoah, the son of Yahweh, married Leah the son of Pharah, and the son of Laban came to them and sent them away.
28: 10 And he said unto him, Lo, thou shalt not go down; for thou shalt not go up from above: for it is not thy fault, but unto thee, thou shalt give strength unto me, and behold, thou shalt face me: for it is in me, that I may see thy eyes: behold, thou art vain.
29: 10 And Moses said unto her, Behold, thou shalt not be angry; thou shalt not be angry; but if thou seeest thy face, thou shalt not see thee.
‪xxxx  Chapter 11   (10 verses)‬
1: 11 and I֨amr Iho֜h Al-ms֗h A֣od N֤ga Ahd֙ Ab֤ia Al-frah֙ and Al-mtzr֔im Aֽhri-c֕n Isl֥h Atc֖m Mz֑h Cs֨lh֔o Cl֕h Gr֛s Igr֥s Atc֖m Mzֽh:
2: 11 Speak to us in the ears of the people, and ask them: "Is there any man?"
3:11 And the sons of the LORD, behold, they were with me, they were in the midst of the eyes of the children of Egypt, even though they were in the midst of them, and the people of the land of Israel were far from the land of Israel, and they were in the midst of the land of Mizoram, in the midst of the land of Israel, the servants of the people of Israel.
4:11 And Moses said unto her, Surely this is the name of the LORD, the LORD thy God, the daughter of the son of Israel, and I am the daughter of the children of Nazareth.
5: 11 And all the children of Israel were born in the midst of the land of Israel, even in the midst of the wilderness of Pharaa: the house of the tribe of Israel was on the throne of the tribe of Israel, in the midst of the land of the tribe of Israel, where the people of Israel were buried, and the land was empty, and they were burning in the midst of their tents.
6:11 And behold, the voice of Tzahak, the great of Gad, was in the midst of all the land of Egypt, but there was not a wall, but there was a wall, and there was no wall, and there was no wall, and there was no room for it.
7: 11 Lc֣l | Bn֣i Isra֗l L֤a Iֽhrtz-c֙lb֙ Lsn֔o Lma֖is and Ad-bhm֑h Lm֙an֙ Tֽda֔on Asr֙ Ifl֣h Iho֔h B֥in Mtzr֖im and B֥in Israֽl:
8: 11 and Ird֣o Cl-abdic֩ A֨lh Al֜i and Hstֽhoo-l֣i [1] Lam֗r Tz֤a Ath֙ and Cl-ha֣m Asr-brgl֔ic and Ahri-c֖n Atz֑a and Itz֥a Mֽam-fra֖h Bhri-aֽf: S.
9:11 And the word of the LORD came unto Moses, saying, Do not let them go down unto thee, Pharaoh, that is, to Maaman, and multiply the tables, and they shall be brought forth in the land of Egypt.
10: 11 Ms֣h and Ahr֗n As֛o At-cl-hmft֥im Ha֖lh Lfn֣i Fra֑h and Ihz֤k Ihoh֙ At-l֣b Fra֔h and Lֽa-sl֥h At-bnֽi-isra֖l Martzֽo: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 12   (51 verses)‬
1: 12 And the word of the LORD came unto Moses and Leah, and Aaron and Aaron in the land of Mizraham, to Lamar.
2: 12 This is the day of the day, and this is the day of the Lord, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the World, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful.
3: 12 And David spoke unto him, All the time of Israel, saying, Amor the son of Esau, the son of Lazarus, the son of Labam, the son of Abut; the son of Abutah;
4: 12 And when he heard the voice of the children, he came to him, and went to his house, and took him to his house, and brought him to his house, and brought him to the house of his house, in the midst of the house of the soul, and the people of Israel came to him to eat, and they ate him, and they overcame him.
5: 12 And she said, "Behold, ye shall not be glorified, but the son of the old woman shall be her daughter; for they shall be made of the sheep, and they shall not be put to death."
6: 12 And behold, I have given thee strength for the inheritance of the land of the land of Arba, the son of Asar, the son of David, the son of David, the son of Aaron, the son of David, the son of David,
7: 12 And they took away the commandment of the LORD, and they were against him, because they were not in possession of the mezuzah, and against the drinker, because they were afraid, but they were not, but they were not consumed, but they were in their midst.
8: 12 And he ate the meat of the sheep, so that he could bring it to me, and he gave it to me, and brought it to the water of the water.
9: 12 Do not be consumed, because it is from them that we are not, and it is not in the flesh, but it is filled with shame, because it is not, but if it is not, let it be that the people of its power have overcome it, because of its evilness, and against its desire.
10: 12 And you shall not be cast off from what we are, but by the cold, and by the fire, from where we are, even by the cold, in the flesh of the flesh,
11: 12 And when he was eating, he ate him, and he gave them to them, and he gave them to them, and he gave them to them in their arms, and they brought them into their hands, and consumed them, and they ate them in the midst of the heat of the furnace, and they gave them bread to the LORD.
12: 12 Abrt֣i Baֽrtz-mtzrim֮ Bl֣ilh Hzh֒ and Hcit֤i Cl-bcor֙ Ba֣rtz Mtzr֔im Mad֖m and Ad-bhm֑h and Bcl-alh֥i Mtzr֛im Aֽas֥h Sft֖im An֥i Ihoֽh:
13: 12 Hih֩ Hd֨m Lc֜m La֗t A֤l Hbtim֙ As֣r At֣m S֔m and Ra֙iti֙ At-hd֔m and Fsht֖i Alc֑m and Lֽa-iֽhi֨h Bc֥m N֙gf֙ Lmsh֔it Bhct֖i Ba֥rtz Mtzrֽim:
14: 12 And behold, this is the day of the LORD, and this is the day for you, that is, for the memory of the people, and for the feast, and for the feast, and for the feast, and for the feast, and for the feast, and for the feast.
15: 12 Sba֤t Imim֙ Mtz֣ot Tac֔lo A֚c Bi֣om Hras֔on Tsb֥ito Sa֖r Mbtic֑m C֣i | Cl-ac֣l Hm֗tz and Ncrt֞h Hn֤fs Hhoa֙ Misra֔l Mi֥om Hras֖n Ad-i֥om Hsbaֽi:
16: 12 Bi֤om Hrason֙ Mkra-k֔ds and Biom֙ Hsbia֔i Mkra-k֖ds Ihi֣h Lc֑m Cl-mlach֙ La-ias֣h Bh֔m A֚c As֣r Iac֣l Lcl-n֔fs H֥oa Lbd֖o Ias֥h Lcֽm:
17: 12 Smrtm֮ At-hmtzot֒ C֗i Ba֙tzm֙ Hi֣om Hz֔h Hotz֥ati At-tzbaotic֖m Ma֣rtz Mtzr֑im and Smrt֞m At-hi֥om Hz֛h Ldrtic֖m Hk֥t Aolֽm:
18: 12 In the beginning of the seventh month of the month of Avrohom, as the name of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, and the Family.
19: 12 And the seven days of the day that were numbered, were not fulfilled, because they were in their midst, so that all the food was consumed, and the food was consumed, and this was the cause of the everlasting feast, and it was not in the glory of the LORD, nor in the seed of the earth.
20:12 All of the food that you eat shall not be consumed in any way, but it shall be given to you that you may be consumed.
21: 12 And Korah married Moses to all the children of Israel: and he said unto them, Say unto them, Behold, it is not for them, that they have been given to them, and that they have taken them, and they have been given to them, and they have not given up their inheritance.
22: 12 Lkht֞m Agd֣t Az֗ob and Tbltm֮ Bd֣m Asr-bsf֒ and Hgat֤m Al-hmskof֙ and Al-st֣i Hmzoz֔t Mn-hd֖m As֣r Bs֑f and At֗m L֥a Ttza֛o A֥is Mfֽth-bit֖o Ad-bֽkr:
23: 12 Ab֣r Ihoh֮ Lng֣f At-mtzrim֒ and Ra֤h At-hdm֙ Al-hmsk֔of and A֖l St֣i Hmzoz֑t and Fs֤h Ihoh֙ Al-hf֔th and L֤a Itn֙ Hmsh֔it Lb֥a Al-btic֖m Lngֽf:
24: 12 And thou shalt keep the LORD, that which is thy law, and thy son shall be thy son, even unto them.
25: 12 And they were afraid because they were afraid of the land, but as they were, they brought them down: for they were as they were, and as for them, they did not turn away, and they kept the servants before them, and this is what they did.
26: 12 And he said unto them, Because I say unto them, I will surely make thee in thee: for they are not thy servants, but they are the servants of them.
27: 12 Amrt֡m Zֽbh-f֨sh H֜oa Lֽiho֗h As֣r F֠sh Al-bt֤i Bnֽi-isral֙ Bmtzr֔im Bngf֥o At-mtzr֖im and At-bt֣ino Htz֑il and Ik֥d Ha֖m and Iֽsthoֽo:
28: 12 And it came to pass, and it came to pass, that the sons of Israel were raised, that the people of Israel had been cast out, as the LORD commanded them: the LORD commanded Moses and Aaron, and they were as they were.
29: 12 Ih֣i | Bhtz֣i Hl֗ilh and ֽihoh֮ Hc֣h Cl-bcor֮ Ba֣rtz Mtzrim֒ Mbc֤r Frah֙ His֣b Al-csa֔o A֚d Bc֣or Hsb֔i As֖r Bb֣it Hb֑or and C֖l Bc֥or Bhmֽh:
30: 12 And he rose up to Pharaoh, saying, "Behold, all the servants, all his servants, and all the children of Israel, and you shall be the children of Israel, the greatest of the children of Israel, because of the children of Israel, because I am not worthy of them, because I am not worthy of them.
31: 12 And he called to Moses, and he said unto him, Come, let him go, and I will say unto you, Behold, I will come unto you, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee;
32: 12 And they were not even in their own land, but they came to them, as if they had been destroyed, and they had spoken to them, and they had beaten them, and they had been blessed with them, even with them.
33: 12 And the children of Israel, the children of Israel, went up to the house of the LORD, sending them away from the land of the land, because they said, "Behold, all of us are full of sins."
34: 12 And it shall be taken to pass, that thou shalt bring the children of the children of Israel into the midst of their captivity, but they shall be lifted up in their fields, because they are not with their sackcloth.
35: 12 And the children of Israel did as they did, because of their wickedness: and they asked him, saying, I am the king of Egypt, all of me that is mighty, and all of them are strong, and mighty;
36: 12 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt go up to the house of the children of Israel, but they are not in the midst of them, but the children of Israel are thirsty, and they have been married to them, and they have been saved, and they have not taken away their treasure.
37: 12 And the sons of Israel went up, and the children of Meromasseh went astray, so that they were gathered together, as if they were afraid of them, and they were afraid of them.
38: 12 And the multitude of them was angry; they were with them, and they were victorious, and they rebelled against them.
39: 12 Iaf֨o At-hbtz֜k As֨r Hotz֧iao Mmtzr֛im Ag֥t Mtz֖ot C֣i L֣a Hm֑tz Cֽi-grs֣o Mmtzr֗im and L֤a Iֽclo֙ Lhtmhm֔h and Gm-tzd֖h La-as֥o Lhֽm:
40: 12 And Moses dwelt among the sons of Israel, and the people of Israel rose up, but Asher dwelt not in Egypt, but there were three hundred years, and many of them were numbered, and they were numbered of them.
41: 12 And there came to me a hundredfold, three hundred years of age, and many of them, and of the women of Israel, who were there, and they were in the midst of them, that is, because of this, that is what the LORD said: This is the commandment of all things, and the commandment of the LORD, the LORD, is from the land of Israel.
42: 12 Lilliam went on saying, "Behold, it is not the land of Israel, but it is the land of the people of Israel." This is the commandment of the people of Israel. "This is the commandment of the people of Israel, and this is the commandment of the people of Israel, and they are not the people of Israel, nor the people of Israel.
43: 12 And the LORD said unto them, Come unto Moses, and go down, and bring forth the law, and all the children of the son of Necher;
44: 12 And all the men of the tribe of Israel were consumed by the sword, and the word was given to them, and they gave it to them, and they did not eat it.
45: 12 Thou shalt not return, and the sackcloth shall not be consumed;
46: 12 In every one of them there is a yoke, but it is not from the thorns, that it is from the bosom of the flesh, and it shall be broken, and it shall not be broken;
47: 12 All the generations of Israel have done this, and they have done it yet.
48: 12 And the children of G-d made you angry with him, and he gave him a piece of bread, and the LORD gave him bread. Then he went to his house to do his work, and he gave it to him as the seed of the land, and all the trees of the land were consumed.
49: 12 Thou shalt not go, but thou shalt be the LORD, and he shall not be angry with the Haggard in thy kingdom;
50: 12 And he made all the sons of Israel, the children of Israel, as the wife of Moses, the commandment of the LORD, the LORD of hosts, and of the people of Aaron, so that they were as they were.
51: 12 And it came to pass, that in the midst of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 13   (22 verses)‬
1: 13 And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying unto Moses, Behold, I am saying:
2: 13 Thou shalt be holy unto all the sons of the children of all the children of Israel, but they shall be filled with their flesh, and their hearts shall be filled with bread.
3: 13 I֨amr Ms֜h Al-ha֗m Zc֞or At-hi֤om Hzh֙ As֨r Itzat֤m Mmtzr֙im֙ Mb֣it Abd֔im C֚i Bh֣zk I֔d Hotz֧ia Iho֛h Atc֖m Mz֑h and L֥a Iac֖l Hmֽtz:
4: 13 Thou shalt not commit them, but they shall be exalted in the presence of the Father, the Father.
5: 13 Hi֣h Cֽi-ibֽiac֣ Iho֡h Al-a֣rtz Hֽ֠cnani and Hht֨i and Hamr֜i and Hho֣i and Hibos֗i As֨r Nsb֤a Labt֙ic֙ L֣tt L֔c A֛rtz Zb֥t Hl֖b and Db֑s and Abdt֛ At-habd֥h Hz֖at Bh֥ds Hzֽh:
6: 13 The seventh day of the day, the food was consumed, and the food was consumed, and the seventh day came to an end.
7: 13 The commandment of the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, and the Lord of the Worlds.
8: 13 And you shall be ashamed of your son, for he is in the house of the LORD, and this is the nation, and he is not in the midst of the wickedness, but this is what the LORD hath done.
9:13 And the LORD will give you strength, and it will not be a sign of your hands, nor will the memory of the people be upon you, but your eyes are upon you, because you are in the midst of the Lord, and you are in the midst of your fear, for the LORD your God is in your mouth, because you are in your heart, because your strength is greater than your strength, and your strength is greater than your strength.
10: 13 And you shall keep the statute of the law, and this is what you shall give to Meuadah, because it is from the days of the Day of Resurrection.
11:13 13 And behold, it is so, that the LORD your God be with you, for the LORD is the LORD, the Lord of the earth, the Canaanite, for as he is, the LORD will return to you, and he will return to you, and I will return to you.
12: 13 And the transgressor was like all the children of the tribe of Judah, and they were all the children of the tribe of Israel, and the people of the land were there. As for the people of Israel, the LORD said to them, "This is the land of the LORD."
13:13 13 And thou shalt not be afraid of him, but thou shalt not be afraid of her, and if thou shalt not be afraid of him, thou shalt multiply him: and thou shalt be in the furnace of thy flesh, because thou art in thy son, thou shalt be afraid of her.
14:13 13 And behold, it is so, that your inheritance shall be with you, and your son shall be ashamed of it, and he shall be steadfast, and he shall not be afraid of him, and thou shalt say unto him, Behold, ye shall not be afraid;
15: 13 Ih֗i Cֽi-hks֣h Frah֮ Lslhno֒ and Ihr֨g Iho֤h Cl-bcor֙ Ba֣rtz Mtzr֔im Mbc֥r Ad֖m and Ad-bc֣or Bhm֑h Al-cn֩ An֨i Zb֜h Lֽiho֗h Cl-f֤tr R֙hm֙ Hzcr֔im and Cl-bc֥or Bn֖i Afdֽh:
16:13 And it shall be unto thee that thou shalt give up thy trust, and thou shalt not go in thine eyes: for thy eyes are not with thee, for they are in the midst of the wrath of the LORD, and they give forth to the LORD, O LORD, even from Moses.
17: 13 Ih֗i Bsl֣h Frah֮ At-ham֒ and La-nh֣m Alh֗im D֚rc A֣rtz Flst֔im C֥i Kr֖ob H֑oa C֣i | Am֣r Alh֗im Fֽn-inh֥m Ha֛m Brat֥m Mlhm֖h and S֥bo Mtzrֽimh:
18:13 13 And the Lord, the God of the people, brought forth the land of the LORD, the LORD of hosts, and the people of Israel, the children of Israel, and the people of Israel, from the land of Egypt.
19: 13 Ik֥h Ms֛h At-atzm֥ot Ios֖f Am֑o Ci֩ Hsb֨a Hsb֜ia At-bn֤i Isral֙ Lam֔r Fk֨d Ifk֤d Alhim֙ Atc֔m and Halit֧m At-atzmt֛i Mz֖h Atcֽm:
20:13 And they went away, and were gathered together, and they dwelt in them, and they took them away, and they took them away.
21: 13 And he, behold, he hath gone down unto them, the sons of the sons of the children of Israel, and the children of the tribe of Anan, and the sons of the children of Judah, and the children of Judah, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, to the land of Israel, and to the land of Judah.
22: 13 And the people of the people were not with them, but the people were still there, and they were with the people of the land, and they went to go before the people.
‪xxxx  Chapter 14   (31 verses)‬
1: 14 And Jehovah spoke unto Moses, saying unto her, Be faithful.
2: 14 Speak unto the children of Israel, O Israel, and let them be blessed, and they shall be blessed, and they shall be before me, and they shall be blessed, and they shall not be afraid; and they shall not be ashamed; and they shall not be with me; they shall not turn away from them, but they shall not go down against them;
3:14 And the mother of Pharaoh, the son of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, rebuked them, and rebuked them: behold, they came to the land of Sgt.
4:14 And thou hast taken the heart out of Pharaoh, and he hath turned away after them, and he hath consumed it in Pharaoh, and he hath done all things with him, and he knoweth it, and it is with him that the children of Israel are thirsty: for they are not, I am with thee, O LORD, and they have done so.
5: 14 Igd֙ Lm֣lc Mtzr֔im C֥i Br֖h Ha֑m and ֠ihfc Lb֨b Fra֤h and Abdio֙ Al-ha֔m and Iֽamro֙ Mh-z֣at As֔ino Cֽi-sl֥hno At-isra֖l Mabdֽno:
6:14 And Issur the Rechav, his people, and his people, and his people with him.
7:14 And he took six hundred cubits, and he rode in the midst of them, and they went up, and rode the mountains of Egypt, and their three men were over all their tents.
8: 14 And Jehoazek, Jehoah, saw the tribe of Libra, Pharaoh, who was in the midst of Egypt, and they went down after the people of Israel, so that the children of Israel were born, so that the people of Israel would come to the land of Israel.
9:14 14 And the children of the tribe of Mizrahim came after them, and after them, and they brought them to death, and they gave up on them, and they were utterly destroyed. So they went to Pharaoh's house, and he broke up with him, and he began his war against me, because they were afraid of them, but they were afraid of them, and they were in the midst of their captivity.
10: 14 Fra֖h Hkr֑ib and Isao֩ Bnֽi-isra֨l At-ainih֜m and Hn֥h Mtzr֣im | Ns֣a Ahrih֗m and Iֽirao֙ Ma֔d and Itzak֥o Bnֽi-isra֖l Al-ihoֽh:
11: 14 And they said unto Moses, Thou shalt not go down to Me; but they are not in captivity, but in Egypt, thou shalt take unto them the breadth of the breadth of the grain of water, that which they have made, that they may bring unto them, that they shall bring them out of Mitzrayim.
12: 14 Hla-z֣h Hdb֗r Asr֩ Db֨rno Al֤ic Bmtzr֙im֙ Lam֔r Hd֥l Mm֖no and Nֽabd֣h At-mtzr֑im C֣i T֥ob L֙no֙ Ab֣d At-mtzr֔im Mmt֖no Bmdbֽr:
13: 14 I֨amr Ms֣h Al-ham֮ Al-tirao֒ Hֽtitzb֗o and Rao֙ At-isoa֣t Iho֔h Asr-ias֥h Lc֖m Hi֑om C֗i As֨r Rait֤m At-mtzr֙im֙ Hi֔om L֥a Ts֛ifo Lrat֥m A֖od Ad-aolֽm:
14: 14 Yahweh, they shall bring them together, and they shall be destroyed;
15: 14 And the word of the LORD came unto Moses, saying, What is it that thou hast done unto me, that thou shalt not go up to the sons of the children of Israel, and go astray?
16: 14 And you, behold, they have lifted up your things, and have not taken your hands against them, because they have been in their hands, and have committed them, and the sons of Israel have given birth to them, and the daughter of the children of Israel is still in their midst.
17: 14 And we, behold, we shall bring forth the children of Egypt, and their fathers will bring them after them, and they shall be destroyed in Pharaoh, and in all his strength shall he be blessed, and his strength shall be in his strength.
18: 14 And he knew that he was thirsty, because I was with him, the LORD was with me in his honor, and in Pharaoh he blessed him with his bread, and in his mouth was his strength.
19:14 And Moses, the angel of the Lord, came to you, saying, "The LORD is the one who is going to be the king of Israel. He is the one who will make you king. He will be your servant after the last. And the people of Israel will go back to the land of Israel, and they will return to them from their captivity, and they will return to their land after their destruction."
20: 14 And the son of the king returned to Mezhnah, the son of Moses, the son of Mahan, the son of Mezah, the son of Zechariah, of the tribe of Yah Veh, of Heshon, of Zechariah, and of Yah Veh, of Shechach, and of Zerah, of Zerah, of Elah, of Leah, and of Karadzib, of Zerah, Elzah, of Kohlah, of Elah, of Vilna.
Num 21:14 And the tribe of Moses cast down his hand against the people, and the people of the LORD, the LORD, were with him, and they were with them, so that they were able to destroy the land of the LORD, so that they might be destroyed, and all the people of the land were destroyed.
22:14 And the sons of Israel, the sons of Israel, begot the daughter of their wives: they are in their captivity, and they are their wives: for they are hot, and they are the children of the children of Israel, and they are the children of them.
23: 14 And He turned away from the children of Egypt, saying, "Behold, I will be with you, and I will bring them back to you, and they will be destroyed, and I will not be afraid of them."
24: 14 And I will be with you in the midst of the house of the grave, and I will be ashamed of the LORD, and I will go to the camp of the tribe of Mizraham in the people of Judah, and they shall be filled with them; and they shall be with them, and they shall be the people of the camp.
25: 14 And he went up to the house of the king, saying, "I will not bring you down, but I will bring you up to you, and I will bring you to you, and I will return to you, and I will be glad to see you."
26:14 And the LORD said unto him, Go ye unto Moses, thou shalt take away thy hands, even unto them, and they shall be ashamed, and the LORD shall be given to him, that he may not go up over his land, even upon his chariots, and upon his princes, and on his strength.
27: 14 And Moses turned his hand on his hands, and they turned their backs on them, and he returned to them, and they returned to him, and the children of Israel came to him, and the children of Israel, and the children of Egypt, fled not to see him, and they rebuked the LORD, and brought them to Egypt, the daughter of the children of Israel.
28: 14 And they took the water away, and covered it with the rod, and put it on the fire, and put it on the grass, and they returned to it every day, and it came to pass, and they came to Pharaoh, and they came to them after them, but after them they came to them, and they did not return to their land,
29: 14 And the sons of Israel, the children of Israel, went into the house of the captives, the daughter of their daughters, and their wives, and their families, and their families, and their families, and their families. [1]
30: 14 And Jehoshua the son of Jehoiath, the son of Israel, brought them forth to Israel, and brought them forth from Egypt, and the Israelites saw Egypt, and they were destroyed by the fire of the LORD.
31:14 And the LORD saw Israel, and he took the command of the great man, the LORD, as the LORD had done, saying, Jehovah is in the midst of the wilderness, and the LORD hath given it to him: and he hath brought the LORD out of the house, and it is our nation, that is, in the house of the LORD, and in the house of Moses, the servant of the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 15   (27 verses)‬
1:15 And behold, there was a son of David, a servant of Moses, a son of Israel; and he brought up the captivity of the captivity; and this was the day of his captivity. And he said unto him, Liam, the son of Asher is a fire;
2: 15 And I cried, and said unto him, Behold, I pray thee, and I will be with thee, that I may be satisfied with thee, and behold, I am with thee, and I will bring him to God, and I will not be with you, and I will be with you.
3:15 The LORD said unto him, Behold, there is a sword out of the bread, and Jehovah is the LORD, and his name is his name.
4: 15 Merkabathah, Pharaoh's wife, and his soldiers, and his sons, and their families, and their families, and their families, and their families.
5: 15 Thou hast made the inhabitants of the land, and the people of Jord, they are in the house of the house, as in the name of the son of Abraham.
6:15 May ye be with you, O Jehovah, O LORD, O LORD, be with you, and be with thee, O LORD, O LORD, thou shalt be afraid;
7: 15 And thy glory shall be blessed: thy glory shall be upon thee, and thou shalt send away thy loins, and thy flesh shall be consumed, as it hath been consumed.
8:15 And he said unto them, I will bring thee to the earth, and I will not lift up thee: for there is no place for them, but they are not, and they are not.
9: 15 Amor, the son of Uri, the son of Arad, the son of Levi, who was the father of the children of Israel, and of the tribe of Solomon, of the tribe of Solomon, of Nephthias, of Ararik, of Harab, of Thorish, and of Ramadhan, of Nehemiah.
10: 15 The women of your spirit have fled, because ye have not seen them, but they have gone astray, because they are like a flock of birds in the midst of the earth.
11: 15 מֽי-י-כמ֤כָהכ בה בֽל֙ל֙ם יְה֔הו֔ה מ֥ה֥י֖מ֖כָהה נאד֣ר֣ה בּּמּ֑דּ֑ש נוּר נוה נרר֥ה א תהלל֖ת עה ע֥שהה פּֽלאל:ה.
12: 15 And you shall not be ashamed, but they shall not be swallowed up;
13: 15 Behold, thou shalt be in thy sanctuary, O people of Zed, and thou shalt bring up the seed of thy strength, and thou shalt go down to the house of Nun.
14: 15 And he heard the voice of the people, saying, I am angry;
15: 15 Where are you? Nebula, are you not angry with me? I am a man, but I am not afraid, I am afraid of you, I am afraid of you, and I am afraid of you, and I will return to you as I am.
16: 15 Thou shalt bring up upon her, even the mother of the children of Israel, the father of the children of Israel, even the children of Zeraim, even the children of the tribe of Yavad, because of your people, O Yahweh, the son of David, the son of Zerah.
17: 15 Thou shalt give him bread, and let him go astray in the midst of thy broth; for thou shalt surely return to the house of thy captivity.
18:15 The LORD said unto them, Come to me, and go up to them.
19: 15 When he came, he came to the house of Moses, and blessed him, and he blessed him with his children, because they were with them, and the LORD returned to them, and he returned to them, and they returned to them, and the children of Israel came to him, and they came to him in the house of Labash, the daughter of the children of Israel.
20:15 And Thaliah took up their wives, the Nabeans, and the brothers, and the women of Aaron, and they gave him the hand of the women, and they cut off all the women, and the other women came after them, and they came to them, and in the wilderness they came.
21: 15 And they gave to them, because they were bitter; they were burning to light; and they were burning; so they came to them, and they came to them.
22: 15 And Moses took Israel away from Meam-sopheth, and he went out into the wilderness, and went into the wilderness, and the two women were in the wilderness, and they were not taken out of their midst.
23:15 And the children of Israel rose up, and raised up, and did not come, but they were consumed, and they were destroyed, and they were still in the house of the LORD. They were bitter, but they were bitter, but they were not so great, because they were cold, and they were not, but they were bitter.
24: 15 And the men came to the house of Moses, saying to her, "What is your name?"
25: 15 And he went up to the LORD, and he gave him up: and the LORD gave him a curse, and he went down to the house, and he shut up his house, and the people came to them, and they went to them, and they came to them, and they went out of their way, and when they were caught, they took him away.
26: 15 Iamr֩ Am-sm֨oa Tsm֜a Lk֣ol | LORD Alh֗ic and His֤r Bainio֙ Tas֔h and Hֽaznt֙ Lmtzoֺt֔io and Smrt֖ Cl-hk֑io Cֽl-hmֽhl֞h Asr-s֤mti Bmtzr֙im֙ La-as֣im Al֔ic C֛i An֥i Iho֖h Rfaֽc: S.
27: 15 And they came to them, and to them, and to them, and to them, they were twelve, and the seven men were not numbered, and they were seven hundred, and they were converted, and they were given their inheritance over the land.
‪xxxx  Chapter 16   (36 verses)‬
1: 16 and Isao֙ Mֽail֔m and Ib֜ao Cl-ad֤t Bnֽi-isral֙ Al-mdbr-s֔in As֥r Bin-ail֖m and B֣in Sin֑i Bhms֨h As֥r Iom֙ Lh֣ds Hsn֔i Ltzat֖m Ma֥rtz Mtzrֽim:
2: 16 * And they said, "And all the women of the children of Israel went up to the house of Moses, and went up to Aaron in the wilderness.
3: 16 Iamr֨o Alh֜m Bn֣i Isra֗l Mֽi-it֨n Mot֤no Bid-ihoh֙ Ba֣rtz Mtzr֔im Bsbt֙no֙ Al-s֣ir Hbs֔r Bacl֥no L֖hm Ls֑ba Cֽi-hotzat֤m At֙no֙ Al-hmdb֣r Hz֔h Lhm֛it At-cl-hkh֥l Hz֖h Braֽb: S.
4: 16 I֤amr Ihoh֙ Al-ms֔h Hnn֨i Mmt֥ir Lc֛m L֖hm Mn-hsm֑im and Itz֨a Ha֤m and Lֽkto֙ Dbr-i֣om Biom֔o Lm֧an Ans֛no Hil֥c Btort֖i Am-lֽa:
5: 16 And there was a house in the house of the sixth of them, and they made a covenant with them, which was to be given to them: and they were there, and they were there, and they were there, because they were not afraid of them.
6: 16 And Moses said unto them, Behold, all the children of Israel shall be raised, and they shall not be troubled; and they shall be afraid of them; for they are not, O Jehovah, but they are the people of the land, and they are not from the land of Egypt.
7: 16 And when they were cold, and saw them, they saw the voice of the LORD, saying, When they heard their tongues, they came upon the LORD, and said unto them, Behold, we are with thee, that is, so that we may be put to death.
8: 16 I֣amr Ms֗h Bt֣t Ihoh֩ Lc֨m Ba֜rb Bs֣r Lac֗l and L֤hm Bb֙kr֙ Lsb֔a Bsm֤a Ihoh֙ At-tln֣tic֔m Asr-at֥m Mlin֖m Al֑io and N֣hno M֔h La-al֥ino Tlntic֖m C֥i Al-ihoֽh:
9: 16 And Moses said unto him, Behold, I am with thee, behold, thou shalt not go down unto me, all the time of the children of Israel, but the children of Israel shall not come near: for they shall come before me: the LORD your God, because they have gone astray, and the generations of your children have come to them.
10: 16 And there came to me, as thou hast remembered Aaron, all the time of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and they turned to him, and went to the house of the LORD, and they were like the children of the children of Judah, because they were afraid of the land of Babaan.
11: 16 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying unto her, Be faithful;
12: 16 Sm֗ati At-tlont֮ Bn֣i Isral֒ Db֨r Alh֜m Lam֗r B֤in Hֽarb֙im֙ Tacl֣o Bs֔r and Bb֖kr Tsbao-l֑hm and ֽidat֕m C֛i An֥i Iho֖h Alhicֽm:
13:16 And there was a multitude of people, and they were angry with him, and they smote the young men of the camp, and the sons of the sons of Israel, and the sons of the sons of Israel.
14: 16 And thou shalt lie down upon the sabbath, and it shall come upon him, and behold it unto the face of the desert: the desert shall be the house of David, the son of Haseph, the son of David, the priest of the house of the king.
15: 16 Ira֣o Bnֽi-isra֗l and I֨amr֜o A֤is Al-ahio֙ M֣n H֔oa C֛i L֥a Ida֖o Mh-h֑oa and I֤amr Msh֙ Alh֔m H֣oa Hl֔hm As֨r Nt֧n Iho֛h Lc֖m Laclֽh:
16:16 And this is the commandment, which is as the Lord of the Lord, the commandment of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful.
17: 16 And they did so, so that the children of Israel went astray, and the people of the tribe of Israel went up, and brought them to the land.
18: 16 And he gave him a word, saying, And he did not know that he had raised up the harlot; and he that heard the noise was not ashamed, and the fire was not consumed, because the food was consumed by him.
19: 16 And Moses said unto them, Behold, they are not; they are the men of men; they shall not be born; but they shall be in the midst of the cold.
20: 16 And he did not hear, and did not go to Moses, and they became rebellious, but they were not numbered, but they were still in the midst of the cold, and the people of the land came to them, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they took them up, and carried them away from the land of Judah.
21: 16 And he took him with him, and he was in the depths of the grave, but he was bald, and his flesh was consumed, so that he could eat his bread, and the bread of the fifth day, and he died.
22: 16 And he said, "Behold, I am the sixth of them, and I will take them to the house of the LORD, and I will give them a hundred thousand shekels." Then he said to them, "Come on, let us go, and we will return to you, and we will return to you, and we will return to you."
23: 16 I֣amr Alh֗m H֚oa As֣r Db֣r Iho֔h Sbt֧on Sbt-k֛ds Lֽiho֖h Mh֑r A֣t Asr-taf֞o Af֗o and A֤t Asֽr-tbslo֙ Bs֔lo and At֙ Cl-h֣ad֔f Hn֧iho Lc֛m Lmsm֖rt Ad-hbֽkr:
24: 16 And he gave him a reward, even when he was cold as a fire, and his wife commanded her to eat it, and it came to pass, that there was no man, and she was not pleased with her.
25: 16 And Moses said to Moses, Behold, I will not eat it; for I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
26: 16 And the six men were gathered together, and the LORD was with him, and the sixth day was the day of his captivity, and he returned not to him, but he was his son.
27: 16 And I will be the son of the children of the tribe of the tribe of Israel, and I will come out of the land of the land, and they will not be consumed.
28: 16 And the word of the LORD said unto Moses, Behold, thou shalt not go down, but thou shalt not be thirsty: for they are not thirsty, nor are they thirsty.
29: 16 Ra֗o Cֽi-ihoh֮ Nt֣n Lc֣m Hsbt֒ Al-c֠n H֣oa Nt֥n Lc֛m Bi֥om Hss֖i L֣hm Iom֑im Sb֣o | A֣is Tht֗io Al-i֥tza A֛is Mmkm֖o Bi֥om Hsbiaֽi:
30: 16 And he dwelt among them, and they were gone, and they were in the midst of the sevenfold.
31:16 And it was called, "Behold, the children of Israel have taken away their name, and they have given it to them, and they have been put to shame, so that they have turned their backs on them, so that they may not be angry with them."
32: 16 I֣amr Ms֗h Z֤h Hdbr֙ As֣r Tzo֣h Iho֔h Ml֤a Ha֙mr֙ Mm֔no Lmsm֖rt Ldrtic֑m Lm֣an | Ira֣o At-hl֗hm As֨r Hac֤lti Atcm֙ Bmdb֔r Bhotzia֥i Atc֖m Ma֥rtz Mtzrֽim:
33:16 And Moses said unto her, Behold, thou shalt not go down, but thou shalt give up the flock, and thou shalt not be satisfied with them; and they shall be with him, and they shall be with him, and they shall turn to me: for the LORD hath given them the charge of their inheritance.
34: 16 When the commandment of the LORD, the LORD, came upon Moses, and he gave him up to him, they turned away from him, so that they might turn away from the altar.
35: 16 And the children of Israel were born, and the men of the tribe of Israel were numbered among the four hundred, so that the people of Israel went up to the land of the tribe of Manasseh, and brought them to the land, and they were destroyed, and they were not brought before them, but the land of Canaan fell upon them.
36: 16 And the tenth day of the tenth century, the haphazah, is the fifth century.
‪xxxx  Chapter 17   (16 verses)‬
1:17 And they went all the time of the children of Israel, saying, "They have come out of Mebarbar-Susein to Massaih, but they are not in the house of the children of Israel." "Oh, Lord!" And they said, "Behold, they are in a terrible place, and they are not thirsty."
2:17 And the people were with them, and they were with them, and they said to them, 'Do you give them to us, and give them to them, and you shall destroy them?' And he said to them, 'I will not give them a gift.' "What is the meaning of the word of the LORD?
3:17 And the people of the tribe of Amaziah died, and the people of the land went up against them, and they said to them, Why did this people go out of Mitzrayim? Why did you kill me and the sons of Israel and the people of Mezron in the wilderness?
4:17 And Moses, the son of Moses, came to the house of Yahweh, the son of Amor, the son of Amazah, and of Esau, the son of Lazarus, the son of Zechariah, of the tribe of Azzam.
5:17 And the Lord said, O LORD, be unto me, I will go to thee, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength: and I will bring thee to thee, and I will bring thee forth: and I will be thy wife, and thou shalt not be ashamed.
6: 17 Hnn֣i Amd֩ Lfn֨ic S֥m | Aֽl-htzor֮ Bhrb֒ and Hc֣it Btz֗or and Itza֥o Mm֛no M֖im and St֣h Ha֑m and I֤as Cn֙ Ms֔h Lain֖i Zkn֥i Israֽl:
7:17 And he called the name of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe.
8:17 And Labam came to Amalek, and their people were with them, and they were brought to Beer-Zeid with them.
9:17 And Moses said to Moses, "Behold, YHWH, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel.
10:17 And Jehosh֗o made a commandment, as a fire, and he said unto him, It is not his strength, but he hath given them bread, and he hath made bread, and he hath given it to him, and he hath given it to him.
11: 17 And he was as a woman, because he was rebellious, and his face was white, and his face was white, and because he was young, he was his own hand, and his servant was mighty.
12: 17 Id֤i Msh֙ Cbd֔im and Ikho-a֛bn and Is֥imo Tht֖io and I֣sb Al֑ih and Ahr֨n and H֜or Tֽmc֣o Bid֗io Mz֤h Ahd֙ and Mz֣h Ah֔d and Ih֥i Id֛io Amon֖h Ad-b֥a Hsֽms:
13:17 And Jehoasho, the servant of Amalek, and the Ammonites, went up to Phinehatharbeb.
14:17 And the Lord said unto them, O Lord, I am the God of the people, and I am the one who is with you, and I am the God of the people of Israel.
15:17 And the son of Moses was born to Mizbah, and he was called, and his name was given to him.
16:17 And he said, "Behold, I have gone to the house of David, so that I may go down from the sea to the LORD." He said to him, "Behold, I will go to the house of David."
‪xxxx  Chapter 18   (27 verses)‬
1: 18 And he took up his inheritance, so that it was not Midian, but it was the tenth day of the month of Moses, when all the men of Israel were gathered together, as God had done to Moses, and to his people, and to his people, so that they might come to the house of the LORD, and he would bring the Israelites out of Mitzrayim.
2: 18 And Yathro, the captain of the tribe of Zechariah, slew Zephor: but she was the wife of Moses, and her brother was the one that sent her away.
3: 18 And the two daughters of the children of Israel were the ones that were married to them, and they were one of them, because of their inheritance, because they were there, because they were not, and they were not, but the LORD was my wife, because I was in the land of Nazareth.
4: 18 And they were the last of them, the God of the seed, because God is the LORD, and my father is in the house of Azzar, and he has saved me from the sword of the multitude of Pharaoh.
5:18 And Abba the son of Jethro, his wife, and his sons, and his wife, kissed him, and brought her to the house of the Mishpah, wherewith they were hanged, because they were destroyed, because the LORD had given birth to them.
6: 18 And he said unto him, Come unto Moses, I pray thee, I will not give thee strength; for I will give thee rest: for I am thy God, and thy scepter, and thy scepter, and his son, and his sons.
7:18 And Moses gave him a gift, and he gave him his bread, and he gave him bread, and he gave him bread, and he kissed him, and he begged him, and there was no man for his wife, because they were afraid of them, and they came to him, and they were afraid of him.
8: 18 Isf֤r Msh֙ Lh֣tn֔o At֩ Cl-as֨r As֤h Ihoh֙ Lfra֣h and Lmtzr֔im A֖l Aod֣t Isra֑l A֤t Cl-htlah֙ As֣r Mtza֣tm Bd֔rc and Itzl֖m Ihoֽh:
9:18 And Jehad, the son of David, gave his inheritance to all the children of Israel, which he did to the LORD, the LORD, to Israel, and to him he was saved, and he saved his people from the land of Egypt.
10: 18 And he said, Thou shalt be afraid, Thou shalt be afraid, O LORD, O LORD, O Israel, I pray thee, I will bring thee forth from the land of Egypt, and from the land of Pharaoh, that I will save the people of the land from the burning of the hand of Israel.
11: 18 And when thou hast come to me, I fear thee: for the greatness of the children of the LORD hath come upon thee, all the God of all things: for I am in the midst of the earth, that which is beyond me, that I have gone up against them.
12: 18 And he gave up his inheritance, and he gave him bread, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he sacrificed it to the LORD, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to the LORD, and he gave it to him.
13:18 And there was a hundred days after the death of Moses, and the people of Mesopotamia returned to captivate the people, and the people turned their backs on Moses, because of the coldness of the people.
14: 18 Ira֙ Ht֣n Ms֔h A֛t Cl-asr-h֥oa As֖h La֑m and I֗amr Mֽh-hdb֤r Hzh֙ As֨r At֤h Ash֙ La֔m Md֗oa At֤h Iosb֙ Lbd֔c and Cl-ha֛m Ntz֥b Al֖ic Mn-b֥kr Ad-aֽrb:
15:18 And Moses said to Moses, Behold, he is his son, because they are not sons of God, but they are not, but they are not afraid, and God is afraid of them.
16: 18 Wherefore, behold, it is unto them, that they are speaking, saying, "Behold, I am the God of the Lord, and I have given up my Torah." "Behold, there is no man, no man, no son, no man, no man, no man, neither man nor man."
17: 18 And Moses said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be satisfied; but unto him shall I not be good: thou shalt not fear, but thou shalt not be satisfied.
18: 18 And he said unto him, Come, thou shalt not go, but thou shalt not go down, but this is the land, and I will be with thee, and thy people shall not be with thee, nor shall I be afraid of thee.
19:18 And when thou hast gone down, I will come to thee, and I will come unto thee, and I will come unto thee, and I will come unto thee, and I will come unto thee, and I will come to the God.
20:18 And behold, ye shall bring the law, and the Torah, and the knowledge of them, to them, to destroy the LORD, that they may go against her, and that which is done to her, as Esau hath done.
21: 18 At֣h Thz֣h Mcl-h֠am Ansi-h֜il Ira֧i Alh֛im Ans֥i Am֖t S֣nai B֑tza and Smt֣ Alh֗m Sr֤i Alfim֙ Sr֣i Ma֔ot Sr֥i Hms֖im and Sr֥i Asrֽt:
22: 18 And he will judge the people in every time, and all the greatness of the Lord will be upon you, and the great generation will be satisfied with you, and all the children of the children of Israel will be judged by their children. And the light will be upon you, and your strength will be upon you, and you shall bear witness.
23: 18 And when thou hast taken the rod, this is what is done, thou shalt do thyself, and thy command is none other than God, and it hath been consumed by the people of Ammon. And all the people of this world have gone astray, so that they may return to their own land.
24: 18 And Moses, the son of Moses, gave him his inheritance, and he gave him his inheritance, and he made it to him that he did not.
25: 18 And the father of the tribe of Mesopotamia, the king of Israel, went up to them, and they were with them, and they were still there, and they were still in the midst of the people, but they were captivated by the waves of the Syrians.
26: 18 And he put out the commandment of the people in all the matter of the Lord, that which was hard, and brought them to the house of Moses, and to all the children of the children of Israel, they were judged, and they were destroyed.
27: 18 And Moses took his wife's wife, and he gave him his inheritance, and he went to his house to the land of Aaron.
‪xxxx  Chapter 19   (25 verses)‬
1: 19 Behold, it is the day of the threshing-up of the children of Israel, that the sons of Israel have been brought up from the land of Egypt: for they have been in the land of this land, and they have been in the midst of the wilderness of Sinai.
2: 19 And they went down, and they were afraid of them, and they came to the house of David, and the children of Mordecai were there, and they were there, and they were in Mordecai, and their inheritance was because of them, and they were brought up to the house of the LORD.
3:19 And Moses sent to God the LORD, and he came to him, and he came unto him, and the LORD said unto him, O LORD, thou shalt say unto him, Thou shalt say, Thou shalt say unto him, Yea, I will come unto thee, and glorify the children of the children of Israel.
4: 19 Thou hast seen them, but they are not as they have done, but I have made them thirsty for rain, and I have brought them to thee, even unto them, that are good, and their fathers are not their gods.
5:19 And when the people of Israel came to them, they heard the voice of the king, and they kept their promise to the children of Israel, and they were brought to them, because they were full of all the nations of the nations, because they were not like all the land.
6: 19 And ye shall not be, nor shall I be circumcised; ye shall not be ashamed; and I shall be ashamed of them; and I will be ashamed of them, and I will bring them forth: for I will not give up unto the children of the children of Israel.
7:19 And the son of Moses came to him, and he came to him, and they were not old, and he was there, and he was there before them, but they were not all the children, but he was his wife, because he commanded him, and he commanded him, O LORD,
8:19 And all the people, all of them, were united, and he said to him, "This is what the LORD has done." The LORD said, "Behold, I will do this." And Moses returned to Moses, saying, "Do not speak to me, O Jehovah!"
9: 19 and I֨amr Iho֜h Al-ms֗h Hn֨h Anc֜i B֣a Alic֮ Ba֣b Hֽann֒ Bab֞or Ism֤a Ham֙ Bdbr֣i Am֔c and Gm-bc֖ Iam֣ino Laol֑m and Ig֥d Ms֛h At-dbr֥i Ha֖m Al-ihoֽh:
10: 19 And the Lord said unto them, Come unto Moses, and let them go unto them, and sanctify them, and they shall be sanctified, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall wash them up;
11: 19 And they were the sons of the sons of Nathon, the third of them, the sixth of them, the children of the tribe of Judah.
12: 19 And the people were overcome, and the people turned away, saying, Watch out for them, and keep them in the house, and bring them to the house, and all the people of the land, and all the people of the land.
13:19 Do not be angry with him, for he is afraid that he will not be afraid of him, and he will not be afraid of him, but he is afraid of him, but he is afraid of him, but if he is alive, he will not live in the land of the LORD, and he will not be afraid of him.
14: 19 And he turned away from Moses, saying, "Behold, I will go down to them, and sanctify the anger, and I will wash them up, and I will keep them safe."
15: 19 And he said unto them, Come unto me, be it, that they may be worthy, that they may come into the sea, that they may die, and they shall not come to the fire.
16: 19 Ihi֩ Bi֨om Hslis֜i Bֽhi֣t Hb֗kr and Ihi֩ Kl֨t and Brk֜im and An֤n Cbd֙ Al-hh֔r and K֥l Sf֖r Hz֣k Ma֑d and Ihr֥d Cl-ha֖m As֥r Bֽmhnֽh:
17: 19 And Moses made the people go up to the ground, and he brought them up to God, because he was not in charge of the camp, and he was in charge of the army, because he was in the midst of the fire.
18:19 And the son of Sinai, the son of Ashan, 17:17, and the son of Asher, the son of Asad, the son of Asher, the son of Levi, the son of Levi, the son of Yahweh, came to him, and came to his house, and went to the house of Esau, as the captain of the tribe of Bashan took up his inheritance, and he gave up all the things of the LORD.
19: 19 And there was an angel of the captivity of the sorcerer, who was born to you, and the son of Zedek, from Moses, the son of Moses, who was born to the LORD, and the God of the people of Israel.
20:19 And the LORD, the son of Judah, went down to the house of Siren, unto Arush, the captain of Judah, and he rose up, and he was not, O LORD, to Moses, but to Aaron, the fire of the LORD was gone, and he was angry with Moses.
21:19 And the Lord said unto them, Come unto Moses, see the Lord of the seven things, and go down to the house of Yahweh, so that they may see it, and they shall be filled with water.
22:19 And the men of the sons of the Hananites came to the house of Yahweh, so that they would be sanctified, and the children of Japhar,
23: 19 And Moses said to Moses, "Do not go to me, O son of Israel, do not go up to the house of the Sienna, because it is not a sign of the covenant, but it is a matter of faith, for the LORD is mighty and mighty, and his sanctity is great."
24:19 And the Lord said unto him, O LORD, I pray thee, O LORD, be with thee, and go with me, and go with thee, and go against me, and go not, and go not to the land of the LORD, nor go up unto the LORD, O son of Php-Ephrat, but unto them.
25: 19 And the Lord of Moses went down to El-Atam, and he said to them,
‪xxxx  Chapter 20   (26 verses)‬
1:20 And God spoke to the LORD, saying, "All the people of the world have spoken." He said to him, "Amen."
2:20 And he said unto him, O son of Israel, O Jehovah, O God, is thy God, O Lord, that I have given thee strength, and I have given thee strength;
3: 20 Lo, behold, there is no god but thee. [1] God is no longer able to transgress the world. [1]
4: 20 Do not be afraid of a woman who is not a man. [1] And all of them are numbered. [1] And this is the meaning of the word, "The name of the woman." The name of the author is "The name of the woman", and "The woman of the family." "This is the meaning of the verse." [1] Vashashrr בממ֖֣֖֣יםם | מתתּ֥֣֥֣חתת לאאֽֽ֗֗רץץ [1]
5: 20 Lֽa-tstho֥֣h [1] Lh֖m֮ and L֣a Tabd֑m֒ C֣i Aֽnc֞i Iho֤h Alh֙ic֙ A֣l Kn֔a F֠kd Aoֺ֨n Ab֧t Al-bn֛im Al-sls֥im and Al-rba֖im Lsnaֽ֑i:
6: 20 And when he had prepared the land of the land, they went out to love him, and they were not saved.
7: 20 Lo, thou shalt not see the name of the Lord, O God, O God, O God, thy God, is not he, that is, so that he may not be consumed; for the LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the Son of God, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Lord.
8: 20 And when thou shalt come down unto me, I will return to the house of the LORD, and I will return to the sanctuary of the earth. [1]
9: 20 And there was a six-hundred-year-old woman, a woman of blessed memory, who was made up of two children. [1]
10: 20 I֙om֙ Hsbia֔֜i Sb֖֣t | Liho֣h Alh֑֗ic Lֽ֣a-tas֣֨h Cl-mlac֡֜h At֣h | and Bncֽ֣-o֠bt֗c Abdc֤֨ and Amֽtc֜֙ and Bhmt֔֗c and Grc֖֙ As֥֣r Bsarֽ֔ic [1]
11: 20 C֣i Sֽst-imim֩ As֨h Iho֜h At-hsm֣im and At-ha֗rtz At-him֙ and At-cl-asr-b֔m and I֖nh Bi֣om Hsbia֑i Al-c֗n Br֧c Iho֛h At-i֥om Hsb֖t and ֽikdsֽho: S.
12: 20 Thou shalt respect thy father, and thy mother unto thee, that thou mayest be satisfied: for long is thy land, but the land of the earth is that which God hath given unto thee, thy God is thy God,
13: 20 Lo, I will not go into the house;
14: 20 Lo, he is not a prophet;
15: 20 Lo! T
16: 20 Lo, behold, in thy wickedness, behold, it is in the midst of the wickedness;
17: 20 Behold, Thou shalt not reprove thee, nor thy neighbor, nor thy servant, nor thy servant, nor thy servant, nor his servant, and his mother, and he that is his servant, and keep his law, and all that is, that he is evil to thy neighbor.
18:20 And all the people saw the Kohath, and the Lapid, and the tribe of Kohler, the captain of the tribe, and the Levites, doing the same thing, and the people saw it, and they took it away, and it came to them, and they returned to it from the east of Jericho.
19: 20 And they said unto him, Come unto Moses, speak thou unto us, and go with us, and let us go out, and let no man go down with us, neither shall we be gods;
20:20 And Moses said to the people, 'Do not fear, for they are not afraid, because they are saying,' Do not be afraid of them, because God is with you, and you will not be afraid. '"He saw his face and saw his face on the face of them, so that they would not fear.
21: 20 And the people went out of the house, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, came to the land of Israel, and the people of Israel were there.
22:20 And the Lord said unto them, Come unto Moses, and go to the house of the children of Israel, that ye may see them, seeing them, seeing them, that I may die from heaven: for I will not bring you down with them.
23: 20 Lo! Thou shalt not do unto me, O God, be with me, I will give thee strength, and I will give thee no bread, and I will not be with thee.
24: 20 Mzb֣h Admh֮ Tash-li֒ and Zbht֣ Al֗io At-alt֙ic֙ and At-slm֔ic At-tzֽanc֖ and At-bkr֑c Bcl-hmkom֙ As֣r Azc֣ir At-sm֔i Ab֥oa Al֖ic and Brctֽic:
25:20 And if thou hast taken the sons of the children, thou shalt not do it; for thou shalt not see them; thou shalt be angry; for thy fear is not, but thou shalt not lift up upon it, and thou shalt not rejoice in it.
26: 20 And it came to pass, that it was in the midst of the greatness of the earth, that it was poured into the furnace.
‪xxxx  Chapter 21   (37 verses)‬
1: 21 And I will give you the charge of the court, but I will not give it to you.
2:21 Wherefore shall the wicked be gathered together before the wilderness, when there is a sabbath of the sabbaths, that is, it is spring, and it is the seventh day of the year that the people of Israel have come up, and they are not afraid of them.
And if his wife be with him, he shall be with him, and his wife shall be with him.
4: 21 But if his masters are, let him give birth to his wife, and his children, to him, to him, to him, to him, to him, to him, to him, to him, to him, to the children of the wife, and to the children of his wife, behold, there is no god but his children, and this is his father;
5:21 And if Amor said, Behold, I will go down, and I will bring Edon out to meet my wife, and my son, and I will not go, for I will seek my salvation.
6: 21 And Hagijah, his master, gave him strength, and brought him to God, and he brought him to the house of the LORD, and sent him to the land of the land, and he ran away from him, and brought him to his right hand, and in the land of his land,
7: 21 And the king said to him, "Do you not marry the daughter of his daughter?" But she said to her, "Do not be afraid, because you will not serve the servants."
8: 21 If he is evil, he is in the eyes of the eye, but he is the one who is with him, so that he will not go down to him, and he will not go down to him, but he will not go to the house of the king in his glory.
9:21 And if his son buildeth him, he shall go out of the house, and he shall not go down to the house of the children, but he shall do it to her.
10: 21 If the brother of the son of Abraham was with him, he would not be able to save him, and he would not be angry with him.
11: 21 And if he had taken it, he would have given it to him, and he would not have given it to him.
12: 21 What is the meaning of a woman, and she is not a man?
13: 21 And he that is not in his favor, and the God, is not he, that is the hand of his children, and I have given you bread, and I have not given it to you, yet I am not worthy of it.
14: 21 And the children of the children of the tribe of Anzah were angry with him, so that they might bow down to him in the midst of the land, but they would not be sacrificed. They would take them to the wilderness.
15: 21 And his father, his father, and his mother, obeyed him, and he died.
16: 21 And Gunnab begeth his wife, and he destroys him, and he is saved by his hand;
17: 21 And his father, his father, and his mother, were taken from him;
18: 21 And the people of Jeroboam, the men of Anzam, went up and smote the man, and put him down in the midst of his son, in his agony: and he was not a nation of strength, and he fell upon the house of the LORD.
19: 21 But if the yoke shall rise up, and loath to you in the midst of thy watch, and it shall be filled with it, and it shall be full of it, and it shall bring it forth, and it shall not be filled with it, nor shall it be burned.
20:21 And the king of Israel came to him, and he brought his servant to death, and he brought his nation into the house of the tribe, and he brought the hand of his hand to them, so that they might be cleansed.
21:21 21 But if thou, O son of Israel, go up against him, then he shall go back to them, and they shall not be destroyed;
22: 21 Cֽi-intz֣o Ans֗im and N֨gf֜o As֤h Hrh֙ and Itza֣o Ild֔ih and L֥a Ihi֖h As֑on An֣os Ian֗s Cֽas֨r Is֤it Alio֙ B֣al Hֽas֔h and Nt֖n Bfllֽim:
23:21 And if Esau was jealous, she gave her a gift, and she gave her breath, because she was afraid of his soul.
24: 21 Wherefore, thou shalt be satisfied with them, that is, that there is a grain of wine, and that there is a tree, and there is a tree, and there is a tree, a tree, and a tree, a tree, and a tree.
25: 21 As for the commandment of the wife of the father, the wife of the father of the children of the tribe of Israel.
26: 21 And it came to pass, that the people of Israel were with them, that they were not with them; but they were not servants, but they were not with them, and they were not with them, and they were not in charge of them; they were not foolish; but they were rejected, and they were not with the eyes of their enemies.
27: 21 And if the servant of the servant of the LORD be with him, he shall be his servant, and he shall give him his strength, and he shall give him strength, and he shall give him his strength: and he shall not be ashamed;
28: 21 And it came to pass, that I saw the fire of the woman, and I brought him to the fire, and he went out of the sack, and he did not go down, but the scepter came to him, and he could not eat the flesh of his flesh, neither did he go up against the burning of the river of Nekhay.
29: 21 And when they saw the oxen of the king, they were with them, and they went down with their children, and they did not save him, but they kept him safe, and he died, but his wife died, and the wife of his wife died, and the people of the land were still there.
30: 21 If so, the people of Israel shall be ashamed of him, and they shall give to me my hand: for they shall not be afraid, but as for them, which shall be given to them, which shall be their iniquity.
31: 21 O son of the king shall come to the house of the LORD, and he shall go out of his way, as if he is the ruler of that land, he shall do his things.
32: 21 If the servant of the LORD shall be ashamed of his wickedness, then shall he be put to death, and he shall be put to death, and he shall not be put to death;
33: 21 And the children of Japheth, the son of Ishur, rebuked him, saying, "Behold, there is a son of the son of Israel; there is no man, neither son nor son; neither shall we be consumed; nor shall we be any more than the wicked."
34: 21 In the midst of the foolishness, when the wicked shall be gathered, the sword of the sorcerer is brought to rest, and it shall be filled with bread, and the bread shall be given to him.
35: 21 And the king of the tribe of Shazar, the man of the tribe of Shazar, rebuked him, and went to the house of the king, and brought him to the wall of the living, and took him out, and brought him to the house, and brought them to the house.
36: 21 א֣נ֣ו נוד֗ע כע כי כּ֠י שא֣ר֣ארר נגג֥הו הּּא֙תְּמ֣מ֣ל שם שללשש֔םםם ולל֥א֥א יש֖מ֖ר֖נ בו בְּע֑ל֑יו שם שַלל֨םםםם יש֥ל֥םםם שוֹו֙ר֙ם שַת֥ל֥םם שוֹו֙ר֙ת֙ת֣ת֣ת הַה ו והֵמ֖ת ית יההה לֽלֽוֽו:ה.
37: 21 When he was condemned, he rebuked him, and he was victorious, and he was victorious, and his strength was greater than that of his neighbor, and he was five hundred years old: he was full of gold, and he was the captain of the land of Galilee, and of the land of the land of Galilee, and of the land of the land.
‪xxxx  Chapter 22   (30 verses)‬
1:22 If the mother of the daughter of the mother of the daughter of the daughter of the mother of the daughter of the daughter of Hamath died,
2: 22 If the son of Zerah, the son of Moses, was over him, they would not be destroyed, but they would not have been able to kill them, but if they were not, then they would not have been killed.
22: 22 And when they found it, they came to him, saying, Thou shalt not bring it to the hand of the thief, nor the thief, nor the thief, nor the thief, nor the thief, nor the thief;
4:22 So when the man's voice was broken, he turned away from the fire, and sent forth the fire, burning it in the city of the wilderness, so that he could not see it, but in the land of Israel there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall in it.
5:22 And when he was thirsty, he came to him, and he came to him, and he cut him down, and he took up his hand, and he brought it to him, and he brought it to him, and he gave it to him.
6:22 22 For when the men of the people were given to him, they were not given to him, but all the people of the land were full of them, and the people of the land were destroyed, and the people of the tribe of Israel were destroyed, and the people of Israel were killed, and the people of the land were destroyed, because they were destroyed.
7:22 And if the people of the land were not found, then the Haggadah went up, and the men of the house of the sons of Israel went up to the house of God, but they were not with them.
8: 22 Aֽl-cl-dbr-f֡sa Al-s֡or Al-h֠mor Al-s֨h Al-slm֜h Al-cl-abd֗h As֤r Iamr֙ Ci-h֣oa Z֔h A֚d Hֽalh֔im Ib֖a Dbr-snih֑m As֤r Irsian֙ Alh֔im Isl֥m Sn֖im Lraֽho: S.
9: 22 For when the wickedness is given to him, there is no evil for him, neither is he afraid of him, nor of the wicked, nor of him, nor of him, nor of him, nor of him, nor of him, nor of him, nor of him, nor of his son.
10:22 When the LORD was satisfied, the LORD said, "Behold, there is no god but two." But he said, "Behold, the hand of his hand is on him, because he has given him his wife's food, and he has given him food for his children, and he has not taken his wife's wife."
11: 22 And if the gene be stolen, it shall be stolen from its people, and they shall be put to death for their own labors.
12: 22 If a man is torn up, he will be cursed, and he will bring him to the land, and he will not go astray.
13:22 22 And the people of the tribe of Israel were married, and there was none of them, because they were evil, and they dwelt among them, but they were not with them, but they were not with them, because they had not received them, but they were rejected.
14:22 If the people of Ba֥֥l֥u are with him, they shall not be filled with them, but they shall not be burned, but they shall not be ashamed of the land.
15:22 And the children of Japheth, the woman of the tribe of Ishmael, was a woman, a woman of valor, not a woman, and a woman of the tribe of Ammon;
16: 22 And if he is not a man, then shall he give it to him, but he shall give it to him, and he shall give it to him, and he shall give it to him;
17: 22 It is from the makshpaphahah that is not in the house.
18:22 All the people of the people were with them, and they were not numbered.
19: 22 And God sent to God, and he said unto them, Behold, I have no mercy;
20:22 22 And the children of Israel were not angry with her, neither were they extorted, because they were not jealous; they were not in the land of Egypt.
21:22 All the men of Israel were with you, and they were with them, and they were not angry with them.
22:22 But if thou hast troubled him, thou shalt bring him to death: for if he should go up, he shall shout unto him, that he may go astray, and let his voice go down.
23: 22 And I will make you angry with you, and I will kill you: for I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will not destroy you.
24: 22 If thou shalt go up, thou shalt go out with me: thou shalt not see me; for thou art not with thy people;
25:22 If thou shalt be filled with salt, thou shalt not see thy neighbor, yet it is not the sixth day, that thou shalt restore it.
26: 22 And when he saw his face, he covered his face, and gave him his hand, and he gave him his bread, and he gave it to his flock, and in the midst of it he was ashamed, and there was life, so that the people could not come, and that I heard the voice of the people.
27: 22 O God, do not be angry, and thou shalt not be afraid; and thou shalt be ashamed of thy people: behold, thou shalt not be reproached.
28: 22 Thou shalt not give thee thy bread, nor thy blood: thou shalt not rejoice in the heat of thy wrath, thou shalt give it to me.
29:22 22 So, do thine eyes unto thy neighbor, and let him go to you seven days, and he shall die with him, and he shall be with him, and his mother shall be with him, and they shall be with him, and they shall not be with you.
30: 22 And the men of Kushashim were there, and they were not there; and they were ashamed of the land of the land, but they were not troubled, but they were consumed, so that the king could not find his way.
‪xxxx  Chapter 23   (33 verses)‬
1: 23 Lo, I do not know, but I do not know, but I do not know what you are doing, but you are not alone.
2: 23 Lo, behold, I will come after thee, and multiply unto the evil, and thou shalt not repent: for I will not repent;
2:23 And David went to the house of David in the midst of the wilderness.
4: 23 When the fire came to light, the fire came to pass, and the fire came, and it came to pass, and the fire went down, and the fire came out, and the flame returned to it.
5:23 So, behold, I saw that the heat of thy tongue was great, and the bread was the breadth of the breadth of his bread, and the bread of his bread, and the bread of his bread.
6:23 Lo, thou shalt not give up thy servants;
7:23 23 From the morning of the morning of Kor, there was a wind, and a rain; and it was right, and it came to pass, that it was not in the heat of the morning, but that it was not even on the side of the thorn,
8:23 23 And David, the son of David, rose up to the ground: for the people of the tribe of Judah were afraid of them, and they were afraid of them, and they were afraid of them.
9:23 23 And Glorified is not Thalath, but thou hast known them; but thou hast spoken the anger of the Hagar, for they are jealous; ye have been raised in the midst of the land of Egypt.
10:23 And six years have passed, and thou shalt take away thy land, and thou hast brought up the habitation of it.
11:23 And the seventh day, you shall be ashamed of yourselves, and you shall be ashamed of it, and they shall eat it, and the children of your people shall return to you, and you shall be permitted to eat it. The life of the land shall be as it is, and it shall be done to you, to your vineyard, and to your vineyard.
12: 23 And there are six days, that is what thou didst do, and what is done unto thee, and that is the day of the seventh day, when thou shalt return to the house of the Lord, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
13:23 And I said unto them, As for my mother, I fear thee: for ye shall be filled with water; and they shall not be filled with God; but they shall not be after others. Lo! Thou shalt not be glorified. Lo! Yea, I will not bring you up to your feet.
14: 23 Thou shalt not rejoice, but thou shalt not be ashamed;
15: 23 Thou shalt not find the thorns, but thou shalt keep them seven hundred days, and thou shalt not be consumed, but the commandment thereof shall be as the commandment of the LORD, and the commandment thereof shall be for thee, for he shall be promised, and it shall be healed.
16: 23 And the hatch of the thorn, and the baker, the thine, the thine, the thine, the thine, the thine, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn.
17: 23 And when his eyes were broken, he saw it, and he saw it, and all his glory was upon thee, so that the face of the LORD came upon him.
18: 23 Do not be angry with the blood of the blood of the blood of the altar;
19: 23 Behold, the first wife of Bechorai is your servant, and she is the daughter of Thy servants, and she is the daughter of the LORD. The LORD is your God, your God is not great;
20: 23 Behold, I am your son, and I will send you, your angel, to your face, to keep you safe, and to your heart, and to your hearts, I will go to the house of death, and I will not be ashamed of you.
21: 23 He that hath turned away from his face, and hath made a noise in his voice, but he is not thirsty, neither is he afraid of him, but he shall not lift up his anger against his mouth; but he shall not be put to death for his own sake.
22: 23 But when he did, he heard the voice of his voice, and did what I did, saying, "I will not be angry with you, and I will turn away from you, and I will bring you back to you, and I will bring you up to you."
23:23 And when the LORD said unto you, Behold, I will give thee strength, and I will bring thee to the house of the LORD, and I will give thee strength, and I will not be afraid of him, nor shall I be afraid of him.
24: 23 Lo, behold, they did not worship him, but they did not worship them, but they did not do anything, but they did not do anything, but they did not do anything, but they did not destroy them, because they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and their captives were destroyed.
25:23 And you worshiped them, the God of the LORD, and said unto them, Behold, I will give them to you, and I will bring you forth to your mercy, and your waters, and your transgressions, and I will not destroy you.
26: 23 Behold, thou art not a servant of the wicked, but thou hast moved in thy land, thou art the fountain of thy hand;
27: 23 I will give you strength, and I will give you strength for your face, and my mother-in-law, I will bring all things to you, and I will bring them to you, and I will give you all your heart.
28: 23 And I sent the Israelites out of the wilderness, before your face, and they uprooted the land, and destroyed the land, and the land of the land was destroyed.
29: 23 Behold, I will not lift your eyes from your face, because I have made a dish for you, because there is no god but God, and I have given thee strength, and I have given thee bread, and I have given thee bread.
30: 23 I will not give up your strength, nor shall I turn away from you, nor shall I turn away from you, but I will return to you, and I will be with you.
31: 23 And I will bring your captivity to you, even from the day of the end of the day, and they will be destroyed, and they will be destroyed, and they will be destroyed by the fire, because they will be destroyed by your hands, but the people will sit down again, and the land will be uprooted from your face.
32: 23 Lo, behold, Thou shalt not return unto them, and they shall not be, but they shall be in the wilderness.
33: 23 Behold, they shall dwell in thy land, and they shall be in the land of Yahath, and they shall bring thee to the land; for they are not servants: but thou hast brought unto God their God;
‪xxxx  Chapter 24   (18 verses)‬
1:24 And unto Moses the mother of Israel went up, saying unto God, Behold, thou art the LORD, and the LORD is not, and the father is the father, and the father of the children, and the children of the children of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land.
2: 24 And Moses, his family, turned to him, saying unto him, Behold, they are not, and they are not; they will not save them, and they will not go up against him, nor will they go up with him.
3: 24 Ib֣a Ms֗h and Isf֤r Lam֙ A֚t Cl-dbr֣i Iho֔h and A֖t Cl-hmsft֑im and I֨an Cl-ha֜m K֤ol Ahd֙ and I֣amr֔o Cl-hdbr֛im Asr-db֥r Iho֖h Nasֽh:
4: 24 Ict֣b Ms֗h A֚t Cl-dbr֣i Iho֔h and Isc֣m Bb֔kr and I֥bn Mzb֖h T֣ht Hh֑r and St֤im Asrh֙ Mtzb֔h Lsn֥im As֖r Sbt֥i Israֽl:
5:24 And the sons of the children of Israel came to him, saying, "Behold, I pray thee, O children of Israel, and I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and they shall return to Me."
6:24 And Moses, the son of Moses, made a half-hearted portion of them, and it came to pass, that they carried the shield, and they cut down their arms, and they gave them forth, and gave up the land of the inheritance.
7:24 And he took the sword of the wilderness, and it came to pass, and he was not in the ear; yet he was angry, and he said to him, "This is what the LORD has done, so that the LORD will not be able to do anything."
8: 24 And Moses took the commandment of their children, and he gave them up to the people, and he said, Behold, they are the sons of the sons of Israel, but they are the men of the LORD. The LORD is the LORD, the LORD of all nations, the LORD of all nations, the LORD of Israel.
9: 24 And Moses went up against her, and she gave her a favor, and her father said to them, And they were satisfied with the food, and they were satisfied.
10:24 And he saw the voice of God, saying, "Behold, I am a man of Israel, and I will make his feet tremble, as if he did what he did, the son of the son of Shapiro would rise up, and he would go down to the sea, and go to the sea."
11: 24 And to my brethren, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, are not the ones who have the right hand, and they have not seen the LORD, but God has given them food, and they have been consumed by him.
12:24 And the LORD said unto him, Come unto me, thou shalt not go up unto me: for it is a reproach, and it is their heat: and thou hast given it unto thee, thou shalt bring forth unto him the son of the son, and the law of the law, and the commandment thereof, that I will not give to thee, that I may purify them.
13:14 And Moses rose up with his anger, and he brought him out of his chariots, and sent him to Moses, to God, to God.
14: 24 And unto the elders, say, Sit down, let us go, and let them go, for they are not, and they shall be with thee, and they shall be with thee, and they shall be with thee, and they shall be put to death, because they shall not go up against them.
15: 24 And Moses sent unto Moses, unto God, that he was bald, and he made a noise, and brought them down.
16: 24 And the Lord shall dwell in the glory of the LORD, and he shall be in the midst of the children of Israel, and he shall make him into the house of the children of Israel, and he shall come to the house of Moses, and he shall come to the house of Moses, and it shall be to them that they shall return to the land of their captivity.
17: 24 And he saw it as a rod of the LORD, saying, As it was, I have consumed the flesh of the fire, and the fire is burning for us, because the children of Israel are not afraid.
18: 24 And the son of Moses, the daughter of Beth-son, came to him, and he went to the house of the LORD, and he was there, and there was none in the house, nor four hundred, and four hundred, and four hundred, and four hundred.
‪xxxx  Chapter 25   (40 verses)‬
1: 25 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying unto her, Be faithful:
2: 25 Speak unto the children of Israel, that they may be taken, and take them: for thou shalt not lift up any of them, nor any man, but as a man, they shall be ashamed, and they shall come to him, and thou shalt take the trumpets of them.
3: 25 And this is the commandment of the transgressors: thou shalt not take them, but they are not, and they are not, and they are not.
4: 25 And thou shalt eat, and multiply, and go, and go, and go, and do not;
5:25 And the men of the men of the land of the land of Israel were raised up, and the people of the land were afraid, and the people of the land were quiet.
6: 25 For the man to be thirsty in the heat of the sea, he that is to drink the meat of the flesh, and to bring forth the grain of spices.
7: 25 The children of the children of Israel were with them, and the sons of the children of Israel were brought to Ephesus and Leah the Bashan.
8: 25 And they shall be ashamed; but they shall be sanctified, and they shall dwell in their midst.
9: 25 When I saw that I was not seeing you, I saw you, and I came to you, and built the tabernacle of the tabernacle, and the temple of Tabanit, all its vessels, and so on, so I did it.
10: 25 And he did so, and he went up to him, saying, 'My people, I have gone astray!' "Amatham." And his strength came to him, and his mother, and his mother, and his son, and his mother, and his mother, and his mother, and his mother.
11: 25 And his watch was with him, and he was with him, and he was with him, and he was with him, and he came out of the house of the king, and he came out of the house of the tribe of Mizpeh, and he did it.
12: 25 Itz֣kt L֗o Arba֙ Tba֣t Zh֔b and N֣tt֔h A֖l Arb֣a Famt֑io and St֣i Tba֗t Al-tzlao֙ Hֽah֔t and Sti֙ Tba֔t Al-tzla֖o Hsnֽit:
13: 25 And thou shalt do it in thy hand: and I will bring it to you, and I will bring it to you.
14: 25 And the LORD shall bring the children of the tribe of Baabba, and they shall go down into the land of the mountains, and they shall bring the ark together, and they shall be there.
15: 25 In the hearts of the Lord, behold, the LORD is the one, the one who is alone, the one who is alone, the one who is alone;
16: 25 And thou hast given up unto Aaron, that is, the covenant of the covenant, when thou hast raised up, they are not thy God.
17: 25 And he did the same thing, and he gave it to him, and he rebuked him, saying, "Mother, mother, mother, mother, mother, mother, mother, mother, mother, daughter, brother, brother, wife, brother, wife, brother, wife, wife, wife, wife, husband, wife, wife, husband, wife, wife, wife, wife etc."
18: 25 And they did two things, as they were brought together, and they were burned, and there was no rain, and there was no rain, no rain, no rain, no rain, no rain, and no rain.
19: 25 And I will make a covenant with you, and I will bring it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will bring it to you, and I will bring it to you.
20: 25 And the people of the Cherubim, who were scattered among them, went up to the house of the king, saying to them, "I will not lift them up, but they will be in their wings, and I will not go down against them, and they will face them, but they will not go to any other country, but they will go down to the house of the LORD, and they will turn away from me."
Num 21:25 And I gave the hand of the horn upon the ark, and it came to pass, and unto the threshing floor, I gave Thy hand, and I gave it to them;
22: 25 Noadt֣i Lc֮ Sm֒ and Dbrt֨i Atc֜ Ma֣l Hcf֗rt Mbin֙ Sn֣i Hcrb֔im As֖r Al-ar֣n Had֑t A֣t Cl-as֧r Atzo֛h Aotc֖ Al-bn֥i Israֽl: P.
23: 25 And he did his work, and sent it to him. 17 The people of the tribe of Shittam, Amatham, and Arokoh, and Amahah, Rahab, and his mother, and his family, and his family.
24: 25 And his watch shall be with him, and he shall bring it to him, and he shall do it, and he shall do it.
25: 25 And he did it to him, and he did not turn away from him, so he turned away from him, and he did so, and he did so, and the stranger returned to his house,
26: 25 And he did it to him, and he brought it up to him, and gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave the charge, and he gave it to him, and he brought it up to him, and he went up to fight with his feet.
27: 25 To the nation that is the melting-pot, thou shalt not be satisfied with the grain; for it is not in the hearts of the children, but it is the breadth of the wheat;
28: 25 And thou shalt take the children into the hands of the captives, and they shall go astray, and their watchings shall be with them; and they shall be lifted up, and they shall bring up their bodies.
29: 25 And he did his things, and his wrath, and his captivity, and his quests, and the manners, and the wickedness, and the wickedness;
30: 25 And the children of the tribe of Shiloh came to them, and they turned away from them, and they turned to face them.
31: 25 And he did the work of the light, and the light of the light, the light of the light, the light of the light, the light of the light, the light of the light, and the light of the light, and the brightness of it.
32: 25 And six hundred years of age have come out of the way, and on the other side of it is a hundred thousand, and a hundred, and a hundred, and a hundred, and a hundred, a hundred, and a hundred, a hundred, and a hundred, and a hundred, and a hundred.
33: 25 Sls֣h G֠baim Mֽskd֞im Bkn֣h Hahd֮ Cft֣r and Frh֒ and Sls֣h Gba֗im Mskd֛im Bkn֥h Hah֖d Cft֣r and F֑rh C֚n Ls֣st Hkn֔im Hitza֖im Mn-hmnrֽh:
34: 25 And in Menorah, Arba'e, he was the captain of the tribe of Shushkad, the captain of the tribe of Zephorah, and of the Pharahites of Judah.
35: 25 Cft֡r Tht֩ Sn֨i Hkn֜im Mm֗nh and Cftr֙ T֣ht Sn֤i Hknim֙ Mm֔nh and Cft֕r Tht-sn֥i Hkn֖im Mm֑nh Ls֙st֙ Hkn֔im Hitza֖im Mn-hmnrֽh:
36: 25 And they shall be cleansed; and they shall be bought; they shall be made from them; they shall be given to them.
37: 25 And thou shalt make the children of the children of Sheba, the seven of them, and go up to the house of Nathath, and bring it forth, and shine it upon the face of the face thereof.
38: 25 And he took it, and took it out, and made it dry.
39: 25 And as for Korah, the son of Taza, the captain of the tribe of Israel, came to him, and said unto him, All things are all things, that I have given him.
40: 25 And he saw her, and did her work in the house of the children; but she that was there, that she saw her, behold, she saw her.
‪xxxx  Chapter 26   (37 verses)‬
1:26 And the tabernacle was done, and it was in the thirtieth day, when there was a scepter, a scepter, and a thorn, and an ark, and a scepter, and a scepter.
2:26 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt be a hundred thousand, and he shall be seven hundred, and ten, and he shall be seven hundred cubits, and he shall be seven hundred cubits, and he shall be seven hundred cubits, one hundred cubits, one hundred cubits;
3:26 And he went down to the hill, and he returned to the house, and he returned to him, and he returned to the house of the LORD, and he returned to the house of his brother.
4: 26 And he did it, and he went to the house of the LORD, and he gave it to him, and he gave him a hundred shekels, and he gave it to him, and he gave him bread, and so he did it, and he gave it to him in the land of the LORD, and he gave it to him,
5: 26 Hms֣im Lֽla֗t Tash֮ Biria֣h Haht֒ and Hms֣im Lֽla֗t Tash֙ Bktz֣h Hiria֔h As֖r Bmhb֣rt Hsn֑it Mkbilt֙ Hl֣la֔t As֖h Al-ahtֽh:
6: 26 And he made five hundred pieces of bread, and he destroyed it, and he broke it. [C] The land of Israel came to El-Ahathah, the land of Bakras, and there was the land of the land.
7:26 And he did it, and he said to them, "Go up, come to me, and go to the house of the tabernacle." Do the ten things of the LORD: "Do you not do the same thing to them?"
8: 26 But thy lord hath given thee three hundred wives, and he is three hundred, and he is the father of the mother, and she is the father of the children; and she hath taken her away: because she hath given her bread, and she hath given her bread, and she hath given bread to her.
9: 26 And he broke up the bread of the four hundred cubits, and the bread of the six cubits, and the bread, and the loaf of bread, the bread of the sixth, and the broth of the broth, the face of it, the face of it;
10: 26 And he made five hundred and fifty shekels, and he took them to him, and he went to the tribe of the tribe of Shepherah, and he went to the house of the king, the captain of the tribe, and to Hamath, and to Hamath, and to Hamath, and to Hamath,
11: 26 And he did the same thing: and he made it five hundred fifty five, and brought the chariots, and they brought them together, and brought them together, and brought them to the house, and they brought them together.
12:26 And the Lord, the Lord, rose up in the midst of the mountains, and he said unto them, Behold, it is not half-way, but the earth is the earth, and the earth is the earth, and the earth is the earth, and the earth is the earth.
13: 26 And the mother, this woman, and her mother, this is what is in it, that is, in the midst of her flock: for she is not in her own house: for she hath gone to the house of her husband, because she is not in possession of the land, because she is her husband, and her treasure is her throne.
14: 26 And he did the same thing, saying, "This is not the land of the LORD, but they are not from the land, but they have been destroyed, and the land of the land is destroyed."
15: 26 And they made the heads of the thorns ready for the tabernacle: for they were mighty;
16: 26 The servant of the mother of the children of Israel is the king of the flock, and the mother of the king, and of the west, the LORD, the mother of the LORD, the LORD of hosts;
17: 26 Thou shalt not raise the hand of the LORD, but it shall be a lamentation, and it shall be the last of the captives, but the wife shall be given unto her brother, even if she hath not done that.
18:26 And he made the horns ready for the tabernacle, so that they were ten cubits, and the fourth was a pillar.
19: 26 Arbaim֙ Adni-c֔sf Tas֕h T֖ht Asr֣im Hk֑rs Sn֨i Adn֜im Tֽht-hk֤rs Hahd֙ Lst֣i Idt֔io and Sn֧i Adn֛im Tֽht-hk֥rs Hah֖d Lst֥i Idtֽio:
20: 26 And he took up the tabernacle of the threshing floor, and he came to the house of Zippon, and they were ten, and they were four cubits.
21: 26 And the four of them were their masters, because they were two thousand, and they were two, and they were not; they were four hundred, and four were the men, and they were two men; and they were two men, and they were two men, and they were the men of the tribe.
22: 26 And he blessed the LORD, and he made the tabernacle, saying, "Why did you do that?"
23: 26 And there was a sign of the things that were done to them, that they had cut down the tabernacle, which was in the house of the LORD.
24: 26 And he said unto them, Behold, thou art full of mercy, and behold, it is a covenant, and it is a covenant, and it is a covenant, and it shall be with him, and it shall be for the first time, that it shall be given to the children of the family, so that they may be given to them, that they may not be the same.
25: 26 And they were the same, the people of Karsheh, and their sons, and they, as they were, six thousand, six hundred, four hundred, thirty, two, two, two, four, four, four, seven, four, four, seven, four, four, seven, four, three, four, three, four, sons,
26: 26 And he did them in the smell of their hands;
27: 26 And they were afraid of them, because they were afraid of them, that they were not in possession of the land of the Mishnah, and of the fifth day of their inheritance, because they were not in possession of the land of the land, nor of the land of the land, nor of the land, nor of the land.
28: 26 And the father said to them, Thou art the daughter of the Lord, and the priest of the children shall not be afraid of her, and she shall bring her to the house of her children.
29: 26 And the people of the Kirshites were not thirsty: they were angry with them, and the people of Thaboam did not do anything to them, but they were afraid of them, because they were afraid of them, and their vapors increased their abundance.
30: 26 And you shall set up the tabernacle as a judge, and judge it, and as it is, I will see it.
31: 26 And he did the same thing, and he went to the house of the king of Israel, and took charge of it, and he went to the house of the king of Israel, and he went to the house of the king of Israel.
32: 26 And thou shalt give it to me, even unto the fourteenth: for it is for them that they have been raised: they have gone astray, and they shall be gathered, and they shall be gathered, and they shall be gathered; and they shall be gathered together for the land of the land.
33: 26 Ntt֣h At-hfrct֮ T֣ht Hkrsim֒ and Hbat֥ S֙mh֙ Mb֣it Lfr֔ct A֖t Ar֣on Had֑ot and Hbdil֤h Hfr֙ct֙ Lc֔m B֣in Hk֔ds and B֖in K֥ds Hkdsֽim:
34: 26 And thou shalt bring the veil away, and behold, the promise of the covenant is in the sanctuary of the sanctuary of the heavens.
35: 26 And he put the sign of the shahlun on it, saying, "It is not the land of Laboreth, nor the fire, nor the lamp, but it is the place of the house, and it is the land of the house, the house of the LORD."
36: 26 And he did the same thing to the king, so he said to him, "Behold, you have gone astray, and have gone astray, and you have gone astray, and you have gone astray." And Moses made a mockery of them.
37: 26 And he did it to the people of the land, even to the fifth day, that they did not go into captivity, and the people watched them, so that they were destroyed, and they were burned, and they were there; they were burned, and they were burned, and they were there. They were five hundred fifty. Adnan, the son of Noah, was there.
‪xxxx  Chapter 27   (21 verses)‬
1: 27 And he made the charge of the land of the people of the tribe of Shittam five hundred years, and the Ammonites, the Amorites, and the Hamamites, the Amorites, the mighty, the mighty, and the men of the tribe of Israel, and the nation of Amaziah, his nation, and his nation.
2: 27 And he did his work, and he gave it to him, and he gave up his face; and he turned away from him: but he was not with him, but his eyes were not with him, and his eyes were closed, and his watch was still there.
3: 27 And he did his sabbaths, and gave him his breast, and his eyes were filled with him, and his gleam, and his spices, and his bread, and his bread, and all his food, and all his food.
4:27 And he did it to him, and he did not do anything. He did not do anything, but did not do anything, but did not do anything, because he was four hundred and forty, and he was the captain of the tribe of Israel.
5:27 And thou shalt give it to me, but thou shalt bring down the vineyard, which is the fountain of bread, and it shall be the bread, and it shall be the bread, and it shall be the bread of the bread.
6: 27 And he did the things of the children, so that he could bring them to the house of the children of the tribe of Israel, and they went to the tribe of Zephath.
7: 27 And he brought his children to the house, and they brought him to the house, and they came to him, and they came to the house of the six men, and the young man came to the altar, and brought him to his house.
8: 27 N֥֥֥֥ ל ל ל ל ל ל֖ ת ת ת֣֣ ֣֣֣ א֑֑֑ א א א א א א א֨֨֨֨ ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ה
9: 27 And he did the same thing as the half-moon of the tabernacle, so that he came to the gate, and he returned to the wilderness, and fell into the sea, and he saw that there was no rain, and that he saw it, and he saw it, and saw it, and he returned to the house of the LORD.
10: 27 And his people were nine hundred, and their children were nine, and they were nine, and they were six, and they were still, and they were not, and their judgments were numbered.
11: 27 And thus, according to the commandment of Tzippon, behold, it is in your midst, the calamity, that is, from Meira, and I will return to you, and stand up, and be steadfast, and ten thousand, and ten thousand, and ten, and ten, and fifty, and six hundred, and fifty, and fifty, and their wives, and their wives,
12: 27 And he saw that he was the son of the king, and the people of the tribe of Lopez were there, but they were not, and they were five hundred, and the people of Amidiah were there, and they were nine thousand, and their children were nine thousand.
13: 27 And he saw that he was burning the fire, and he went down to the ground, and he came down from the east of Mizrah. 5:50 5:50 AM AMAH:
14: 27 And it was twenty-nine, and it was a mother, but it was a calf, and it was not the people of the people, but the people of Israel, and their masters, because they were three hundred and fifty.
15: 27 And he smote the two of them, and the heat of the heat thereof [1] was ten cubits, and they were not their pillars, but they were three hundred and thirty, and they were three hundred and fifty.
16: 27 Ls֨ar Hֽhtz֜r Ms֣c | Asr֣im Am֗h Tc֨lt and Argm֜n and Tol֧at Sn֛i and S֥s Msz֖r Mas֣h Rk֑m Amֽdihm֙ Arba֔h and Adnih֖m Arbaֽh:
17: 27 All of the people of the land, the one who was there, the thief, the thief, the thief, the thief, and the thief, the king, and the sword, and they were there.
18: 27 But your Lord, the Son of the Son, is the Son of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the Earth.
19: 27 All of them are like all the servants of the house, because of the work of his servants, and of all his hands, and of him, and of all the inheritance of the land, the land of Nahshath.
20:27 And thou shalt give him strength, and thou shalt take the children of Israel, and take it, and take it unto thee, that it may be sour, and thou shalt bring it forth: thou shalt not go to the house of the LORD, to lift up the land of the children of Thamid.
21: 27 Ba֣hl Moad֩ Mh֨otz Lfr֜ct As֣r Al-had֗t Iarc֩ At֨o Ahr֧n and Bn֛io Ma֥rb Ad-b֖kr Lfn֣i Iho֑h Hk֤t Aolm֙ Ld֣rt֔m Ma֖t Bn֥i Israֽl: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 28   (43 verses)‬
1: 28 and At֡h Hkr֣b Alic֩ At-ahr֨n Ah֜ic and At-bn֣io At֔o Mt֛oc Bn֥i Isra֖l Lchno-l֑i Ahr֕n Nd֧b and Abih֛oa Alaz֥r and Aitm֖r Bn֥i Ahrֽn:
2: 28 And you shall do great things to the LORD, and he will give you strength, and you will not be afraid.
3:28 And thou shalt speak unto all the wise men of the world, that is, when thou shalt bring up the multitude of the wise men, and do it to the children of the children, behold, they shall not be sanctified.
4: 28 A֨lh Hbgd֜im As֣r Ias֗o H֤sn and Afod֙ and Ma֔il and Ct֥nt Tsb֖tz Mtzn֣ft and Abn֑t and As֨o Bgdi-k֜ds Lahr֥n Ah֛ic and Lbn֖io Lchno-lֽi:
5: 28 And they shall take it away, and bring it forth, and the thorns, and the thorns, and the thorns, and the thorns, and the threshing floor.
6: 28 And he made the apse, and the thorn, the thorn, and the ark, and the thorn, and the serpent, and the serpent, and the serpent, and the serpent, and the serpent.
7: 28 Behold, I will come to the house of the LORD, and he shall be with him: for he is his son;
8: 28 And he that hath returned his captivity, hath taken his wife, as he hath done, so that he hath done it, and he hath given it to him, and he hath taken it, and he hath given it to him: and he hath given it to him.
9: 28 And they took the children of the children of the tribe of Shesh, and they opened their doors to them, and they brought them up to the house of the children of Israel.
10: 28 And they were in their charge, but they were in the midst of the sons of the other, and the name of the six men, that is, they were the sons of the sons of the son of the Canaanite, as they were born in their midst.
11: 28 What is the thing that hath been made to the earth, and it is the bread of the fruit of the house, and the bread of the bread, the bread of the six men, the children of the children of Israel, because of the name of the son of Israel, because of the people of Mesopotamia, the people of the tribe of Zahav, the inhabitants of the land of Israel.
12: 28 Smt֞ At-st֣i Habn֗im A֚l Ctf֣t Hֽaf֔d Abn֥i Zcr֖n Lbn֣i Isra֑l and Nsa֩ Ahr֨n At-smot֜m Lfn֧i Iho֛h Al-st֥i Ctf֖io Lzcrֽn: S.
13: 28 And he did the same thing that was given to the LORD.
14: 28 And he went down to the throne of the LORD, saying, "Behold, thou shalt surely be mighty." Thou hast done the work of them, but they did not do anything, nor did they bring the serpent, nor the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth.
15: 28 And he did the judgment of the captain of the tribe of Shapiro, and he did what he did, and he did not do anything, but he did not do anything, and he did not do anything.
16: 28 And many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many.
17: 28 And Miloth was filled with him, and he came to the house of the LORD, and he returned to the land of Arbaa, and he returned to Tubar, but there was no son, and he was buried, and there was no house, and there was no house, and there was a wall, and there was no stone.
18: 28 And the light of the two men shall be upon you, and thy sword shall be bright, and they shall be gone.
19: 28 And the third of the three men turned to him, and he returned to his name;
20: 28 And the fourth, the four hundred, and the captain of the tribe, and the people of the land, and they brought them out of captivity, and they returned, and they were filled with their fullness.
21: 28 And the fathers, behold, they are the children of Israel; for they are the sons of the children of Israel, who have made their wives captive to their families, because they have not opened their doors, yet they have been sealed, because there is no man for the sake of his name; for he is not worthy of them; for he is not a man;
22: 28 And he did the same thing unto the young man, that was the scepter, and the serpent, the captain of the tribe, the captain of the tribe of Esau.
23: 28 And he did the same thing to the threshing-floor of the tribe of Shathan, so that he did not go into the house of the LORD, and gave it to him, and brought the two women to the tabernacle, which was on the sabbaths of the east.
24: 28 And she gave the wife two wives a gift, which was a gift for them, that they had given to the tribe, even to the children of the tribe of Heshvan.
25: 28 And the six women were cut off, and the six of them were gone, and the two women were on the same footing, and the women were sitting on the porch of the house, and they gave it to the children of the house of the children, and they went up to the house of the tribe of Israel.
26: 28 And he did two things, which were seven hundred and fifty, and he brought them to the table, and they brought them to the ground, but they were still there, and the little one was lying on the edge of his lips, and he went up to the grave of the father, and was there.
27: 28 And thou shalt do threescore, and thou shalt give them gold, and thou shalt give them bread, and they shall give it to them, even though they are not in the mouth of the mouth of the sea, but they shall be filled with bread, and they shall be filled with bread, and there shall be no bread, nor shall it be filled with bread, nor shall it be filled with bread.
28: 28 And Jerash took the young man out of his dungeon; and he went out to the tabernacle; and he came to the house of the tribe of Zephath, and he returned to the house of the tribe of Israel, so that the people of Israel were there, and that they were returned to the land of the land of the Israelites, and that they were not able to take possession of the land, but the people of the land were afraid of them.
29: 28 And the men of Israel, Aaron, the sons of Israel, were brought to death in the midst of the captivity of the Mishpahite, upon the heart of his heart, when they came to the sanctuary, to the memory of them, so that they might turn to me.
30: 28 Ntt֞ Al-h֣sn Hmsf֗t At-haorim֙ and At-htm֔im and Hio֙ Al-l֣b Ahr֔n Bba֖o Lfn֣i Iho֑h and Ns֣a A֠hrn At-msf֨t Bni-isra֧l Al-lb֛o Lfn֥i Iho֖h Tmֽid: S.
31: 28 And thou shalt make the threshing-floor of the mouth of the sea, and all the vessels of the thorn;
32: 28 And he, behold, his mouth was his head, and his voice was in his mouth, and his mouth was still, and he was there, and his eyes were still on him, and he turned away from him, and he did not turn away from his eyes.
33: 28 And he did it to the people of Shiloh, and they turned to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to the men of the tribe.
34: 28 And when the golden age was gone, and the men of Israel went up, they went out, and they were burned, and they rose up against the coast of the south.
35: 28 And Jehoah, the son of Aaron, was with Aaron, and his name was filled with his camels, when he came to the house of the king, before him, the LORD was with him, and his people came out.
36: 28 And he did that, and he gave him strength, and he gave him his strength, and he opened his mouth to him, and he opened his mouth;
37: 28 And thou shalt bring him up to the house of the daughter of Tethhel, and she shall put her against the cornstead, and go forth unto the children of the tribe of Mizpah;
38: 28 Hih֮ Al-m֣tzh Ahrn֒ and Ns֨a Ahr֜n At-aoֺ֣n Hkds֗im As֤r Ikd֙iso֙ Bn֣i Isra֔l Lcֽl-mtn֖t Kdsih֑m and Hi֤h Al-mtzho֙ Tm֔id Lrtz֥on Lh֖m Lfn֥i Ihoֽh:
39: 28 And when she had made the commandment, she made a thorn, and made it, and she made it, and she made it to the flock of the sackcloth, and the children of the children of Israel did it, and did it to them.
40: 28 And the sons of Aaron, Aaron, did the work of the people, that they had done, and did what they had done, but they were not built, and they were magnified, and they did not do anything to them, and they did not turn away from them, and they came to the house of the LORD.
41: 28 And the servant took them up, and brought him to the house of Aaron, and his sons, and his sons, and brought them together, and filled them with their hands, and filled them with their hands, and sanctified them with their hands, and prepared them for them.
42: 28 And he did unto them, and they went out of the house of the sons of David, and covered them with bread in the midst of their nakedness, so that they might die before them, and that they would not be blessed.
43: 28 Hio֩ Al-ahr֨n and Al-bn֜io Bba֣m | Al-a֣hl Moa֗d A֣o Bgst֤m Al-hmzb֙h֙ Lsr֣t Bk֔ds and La-isa֥o Aoֺ֖n and M֑to Hk֥t Aol֛m L֖o and Lzra֥o Ahrֽio: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 29   (46 verses)‬
1: 29 And behold, the LORD said unto them, Surely, Thou shalt give them bread, and they shall be sanctified, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall not be destroyed, nor shall they be put to death, nor shall they be put to death, nor shall they be put to death, nor shall they be destroyed.
2: 29 And the sons of Hamam, the sons of Moses, and the children of the tribe of Mizpah, were in the midst of them, and they were in the midst of the wilderness, and they were in the midst of them, and they were in the midst of them, and they were in the midst of them.
And their countenance was against them, because they were not with them, but they were very close to them, and they were in the air, and the fire was broken, and the two of them were burning.
4: 29 And Aaron, and his sons, he rose up to the ground, and came to the ground, and the spirit was gone, and they were brought to them in their midst.
5: 29 And thou shalt take the garment away, and thou shalt bring the ark of Aaron, and thou shalt bring the thorns, and the thorns, and the threshing floor, and the pestilence, and the threshing-floor, and set it aside for him in the midst of the abyss.
6: 29 And thou shalt put the censor upon the head of his head, and thou shalt bring the seed of the eagle upon the cornstarch.
7: 29 And thou shalt take the seed of the hand of the chessboard, and thou shalt give it to him, even unto his head, and his bread, and his bread, and his meat.
8: 29 And the sons of his sons were raised up, and they were ashamed of them, and they were cut off.
9: 29 And you shall be glad to see them, because their sons and daughters are with them, and their wives are with them; they are the people of Gibeah, and they have been given to them, because they are the priests, and they are the people of the law, and they are the children of the land, and they are full of them, even the children of Aaron, and the sons of his sons.
10: 29 And thou shalt bring the light of the furnace before me: for I will not go down to you; and I will put you down for a long time: and your sons will bring forth their hands upon the fire of the sword of the righteous.
11: 29 And thou shalt smite the pitcher before me: the LORD is the LORD, and he is the one who is with him.
12: 29 And thou shalt take the measure of the hand of the furnace, and thou shalt give it unto the corn, and it shall bring forth the seed in the seed of thy hand, and all the flesh thereof shall be poured out unto thee, even unto the seed of the seed.
13: 29 Lֽkht֗ Aֽt-cl-hhlb֮ Hֽmcs֣h At-hkrb֒ and A֗t Hit֙rt֙ Al-hcb֔d and At֙ St֣i Hcli֔t and At-hh֖lb As֣r Alih֑n and Hktrt֖ Hmzbֽhh:
14: 29 And thou shalt bring the horn of the bullock to the ground, and it shall be broken, and it shall be straightened;
15: 29 And the rest of the men, and the sons of Aaron, and the sons of Israel, brought forth their hands, and brought their children into the land of the LORD.
16: 29 And you slaughtered the Nile, and took it, and took it with its blood, and sprinkled it on the land of the fountain;
17: 29 And it came to pass, that thou shalt give him strength, that he might stretch out his strength, and his spirit, and his desire, and his anger, and his strength, and his strength upon his strength, and his strength, and his strength.
18: 29 And thou shalt bring down all the men of the land, that which is the fountain of the earth, that is, the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread, the wine, the bread, the bread, the wine, the bread, the wine, the bread, the wine,
19: 29 And thou hast taken the wife of the women, and the women of the two men, and they were there for thee, and they brought their hands on their hands, even against the fire of the LORD.
20: 29 Shtt֣ At-ha֗il and Lkht֤ Mdmo֙ and Nֽtt֡h Al-tnoc֩ A֨zn Ahr֜n and Al-tn֨oc A֤zn Bnio֙ Himn֔it and Al-b֤hn Idm֙ Himn֔it and Al-b֥hn Rgl֖m Himn֑it and Zrkt֧ At-hd֛m Al-hmzb֖h Sbֽib:
21: 29 Lkht֞ Mn-hd֨m As֥r Aֽl-hmzbh֮ and Ms֣mn Hmshh֒ and Hzit֤ Aֽl-ahrn֙ and Al-bgd֔io and Al-bn֛io and Al-bgd֥i Bn֖io At֑o and Kd֥s Hoa֙ and Bgd֔io and Bn֛io and Bgd֥i Bn֖io Atֽo:
22: 29 Lkht֣ Mn-h֠ail Hh֨lb and Hֽali֜h and At-hh֣lb | Hֽmcs֣h At-hk֗rb and A֨t It֤rt Hcbd֙ and A֣t | St֣i Hcli֗t and At-hh֙lb֙ As֣r Alh֔n and A֖t S֣ok Him֑in C֛i A֥il Mla֖im Hֽoa:
23: 29 And the son of David fought against them, and he went to the house of the king, and he gave them bread, and he gave them bread, and he gave them bread, and he gave them bread, and he sold them to them.
24: 29 And he put on the hand of the king, and cursed him, saying, "Behold, I will go down with you, and I will go down to you, and I will go to you, and I will go to you."
25: 29 And thou shalt take them, and they shall be taken away from them, and they shall be cut off, that they may give to him, that they should not be afraid;
26: 29 And thou shalt take the loaves of bread, and the bread of the bread, and the bread of the meat, and the bread of the meat, and of the meat, and of the meat, and of the meat, and of the bread,
27: 29 And the sanctity of the earth was fulfilled, and the heat of the furnace was warmed up, and the heat of the sun rose, and the heat of the earth rose, and the heat of the sun rose, and the heat of the rain rose, and there was no rain.
28: 29 Hih֩ Lahr֨n and Lbn֜io Lhk-aol֗m Mat֙ Bn֣i Isra֔l C֥i Trom֖h H֑oa and Trom֞h Ihi֨h Ma֤t Bnֽi-isral֙ Mzbh֣i Slmih֔m Tromt֖m Lihoֽh:
29: 29 And the children of the threshing-floor were ashamed, and the people of Israel were not with him, but they came to his son, and they came after him, and they returned to their land, and they were in their midst, and they filled their houses with them.
30: 29 And when the seven of them died, they were ashamed of them, because they had beaten him down, and they had not given him up; for he had not seen him, but he had not seen him, but he had not gone to the house of the LORD,
31: 29 And the children of Israel, who are full of hope, shall be put to death, and you shall bring the flesh of their flesh into their midst, because they are holy.
32: 29 And his son Aaron, and his sons, took up the garment of the son of Israel, and the son of Helam, who was in charge of the land of Israel.
33: 29 And I will eat them, and I will kill them, and they shall be full of them; they will not be afraid of their hands; but they shall not sanctify them; but they shall not be consumed; for they shall not be consumed.
34: 29 And when the people of the house were filled with bread, and the bread of the heat was burned, and the fire was burned, and the fire was burned down, it came to pass, and it came to pass, so that it was not consumed, because it was in the hands of the LORD.
35: 29 And he did to his son Aaron, and his sons, so that I might give you the commandment, which I commanded you to do, so that I would give you seven days, and you would not be afraid of them.
36: 29 And thou shalt not go up to the tabernacle: for the day is the day of the iniquity of the unbelievers, and the transgression against the altar, which is on your hands, is on your hands, and the flesh of your flesh, and its breadth, and the bread of its flesh.
37: 29 And when he was satisfied with his inheritance, he gave up his sanctity, and gave him his inheritance, and he gave it to him that was given to him, and he gave it to him that was given to him.
38: 29 And behold, Esau did that which was done to the women of Zebab, as they did to the children of the children of Israel, so that the two of them died, because they were not numbered.
39: 29 Thou shalt not do any thing in the house, but it is cold, and thou shalt not be ashamed of it, but it shall be done in the midst of the thorns.
40: 29 And when the nine of them went down, they went to the house of Haman, the daughter of the tribe of Rabah, because they were there, and there was none of them, and they were four hundred, and they were not, and they were not, and they were not in the house of the other.
41: 29 And thou shalt not be satisfied with the threshing-in-the-air, but do not give it to the children of the arboretum, as it is in the land of the land, and in the land of the land, and in the land of the land, to the land of the land, and to the land thereof, to the land of Judah.
42: 29 Do you go to the house of the Lord of the earth, and you shall come to me, and I will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
43: 29 And you shall return to me, that is, to the children of Israel, so that I may be ashamed of you, and I will be sanctified in your honor.
44: 29 And I sanctified my eyes, and brought them up, and brought them to me, and to Aaron, and to his sons, I set them up, so that they would not go down.
45: 29 And as for the children of Israel, I have complained to you, O daughters of Israel, that I may be ashamed of you, and I have become my wives, because they are not gods.
46: 29 And he knew that, because I was not, O God, the LORD, the God of God, was he, that is why I was married, and I gave them up to them, because they were not from the land of Israel, but to them that dwelt among them, because they were in their midst, but they were not. The LORD was the God of God.
‪xxxx  Chapter 30   (38 verses)‬
1: 30 And he did a certain thing, and he gave it to him a hundred pieces, and he cut down a bundle of small things, and made him go astray.
2: 30 Am I the captain of his house, and his mother, his breadmaid, is a great man, and his mother is his mother, and his mother is his mother.
3: 30 And his watch shall be with him, and he shall bring forth his anger, and he shall shut up his loins, and he shall turn away, and he shall bring forth his horns, and he shall do his things;
4: 30 And he went into the wilderness of Taba, and he returned to the house of the tribe of Zechariah, and he returned to his house, and he returned to the land of Zechariah, where he had gone astray, so that he had gone astray, so that he did not do anything to his people.
5: 30 And he did the work of the people, and the people of the tribe of Shittam, and Zephathiah, and their families;
6: 30 And thou hast given it to him, and to him, to the face of the earth, and to the throne, to the throne of Aaron: for they have gone up, and they have turned away from me, and they have turned away from me, so that I may turn away from them, that I may go down.
7: 30 And the little one hath made up his horns, and he hath given him a hundred shekels, and he is not in him, but he is cold in the depths of the earth, and he hath made the light of the light, and he hath cut down the seed of the LORD.
8: 30 And in the midst of the children of Aaron, the children of the land were not raised, and the children of Israel were cut off, and the children of Israel were cut off, and they were turning away before the LORD, because they were afraid of them.
9: 30 Thou shalt not go up against him: for he is not a little bit of a stranger; he is a man, and a man, and a man, and he is his son, and he is not his son;
10: 30 And the horn of Aaron was on the horns, and they were not with them, but they were in the oven, and they were not, but they were the ones who had sinned, and they were burned down, and they were burned, and they were burned down, and they were burned down.
11: 30 And the LORD spake unto Moses, unto Moses the son of Amor.
12: 30 So that thou shalt bring up the fire of the sword of the children of Israel, even the children of Israel, to their dominions, and they shall be destroyed; for there is no man, but the people of his flock, the LORD, are with thee, and they are not with them, and they are not with them, but they are not in the heat of their mouths.
13: 30 And behold, all the people of the tribe of Laban were in the midst of the east of the coast, which was in the midst of the valley of the valley, the tenth day of the ninth month, which was full of mountains, and the mountains of Galilee, and the mountains of Galilee, and the mountains of Galilee, and Tharom,
14: 30 As for the one who transgresses, the people of the house are not in the midst of them, but they are twenty years old, and they are the ones who have gone astray.
15: 30 And the Lord hath made light unto the Lord, and he hath not taken away; and he hath gone astray; he hath not heard; yet he hath not given strength unto the LORD;
16: 30 Lkht֞ At-c֣sf Hcfr֗im Mat֙ Bn֣i Isra֔l and Ntt֣ At֔o Al-abd֖t A֣hl Moa֑d and Hih֩ Lbn֨i Isra֤l Lzcron֙ Lfn֣i Iho֔h Lcf֖r Al-nfsticֽm: P.
17: 30 And the LORD spoke unto her, saying unto Moses, Behold, I am not afraid.
18: 30 And he did it, because the light of Noah was his wife, and his wife was there, and he was ashamed to give her bread, and she gave him bread, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he went to the house of the LORD, and he gave it to him.
19: 30 And his father, Aaron, and his son were destroyed, because they gave their hands to them and their feet.
20: 30 When they came unto them, they were not afraid; they were afraid of them, and they were not;
21: 30 And their hands were filled with their hands, and their feet were gone, and they were not, and they were not given to them, but they were burned, and they were burned down.
22: 30 And the LORD spoke unto her, saying unto Moses, Behold, I am not afraid.
23: 30 And thou shalt take your own hand, because it is in the midst of the head of the earth, that it is bitter, and that it is a hundred cubits, and it is a hundred cubits, and it is a hundred cubits, and it is a hundred cubits, and five hundred cubits, and five hundred cubits, and there they were, five hundred, and five hundred.
24: 30 And the bread was the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread, and the oil, and the oil.
25: 30 And he did his work, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he took it away from the ground, and he made it to him that he made it empty.
26: 30 And thou shalt be satisfied with him: and thou shalt not see him; but he shall not go down;
27: 30 And the Shiloh man, and all his strength, and the manorah, and all his vessels, and the manner of the altar, the small one, and the tree.
28: 30 And Mizba the son of Eliah, and all his inhabitants, and the Kohari, and his host.
29: 30 And their sanctity was with them, and they were there, and they were in the midst of all the anger, and in them they were full of fear.
30:30 And Aaron, and his sons, shall be filled with bread, and their sanctity shall be given to them, so that they may be ashamed of themselves.
31: 30 And unto the sons of Israel, thou shalt bear the desire of the LORD, that it be made of the flesh of the flesh, and of the flesh of the earth, that it shall be given to it;
32: 30 For a man is a man; he is not a man; he is his father; and he is not in his commandment; but he is not his servant. Do not do him any thing.
33: 30 A man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, and a man, and a man;
34: 30 And the LORD said unto him, O Jehovah, thou shalt go to the house of thy hand: thou shalt not go astray, and thou shalt not go, and thou shalt not steal, and thou shalt not steal, and thou shalt not steal, and behold, thou shalt be blessed, and behold, behold, Jehovah shall be with thee.
35: 30 And he did it, and he gave him a piece of bread, and he took a piece of bread, and he took it, and he made it to the ground.
36: 30 And when I saw you, I saw the people, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, the people of the land, and the people of the land, the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
37: 30 And the captain of the tribe of Asherah, of the tribe of Ta'ash, rebuked him, saying, "Behold, thou shalt make a covenant with him. Lo! Do not do it to them, but it is not a thorn, but it is a gift to you."
38: 30 And there was a man, a woman, who made a woman like her; and she was afraid of her, and she was afraid of her;
‪xxxx  Chapter 31   (18 verses)‬
1: 31 And the LORD spake unto Moses, to Moses the son of Amor.
2: 31 See, behold, I saw them in the house of the sons of Uri, son of Uri, son of Ahron, of the tribe of Mattah, Yahweh of Judah.
3: 31 And Amelah came to the house of the LORD God, and he was with him in wisdom, and in the hearts of him, and in the house of the LORD, and in all the craftsmen.
4: 31 Whosoever shall make the house of the king of the land of the land, and the land of the land, and the land of the land.
5:31 And after that the son of Laban came to Malchoth, and after that, she had done a thing to do in all things that she did.
6: 31 And I will be with you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
7: 31 And he said unto him, Come, let him go up, and thou shalt not see the LORD; and he shall bring him to the house, and he shall give him his strength.
8: 31 And the shalchan, and all his men, and the manorah, that hath purified him, and all his vessels, and the number of the altar, the little one of the seed.
9: 31 And Mizba the son of Eliah, and all his inhabitants, and the Kohari, and the host, and his host.
10: 31 And the children of Gedaliah, the children of Judah, and the children of Gedizah, the hippocampus, and the children of Aaron, the sons of Hachamah, and the children of Gedah;
11: 31 And the people that were in the midst of the chessboard, and the little ones, were the men of the tabernacle, and they came to the house of the king, wherewith the commandment of you was done.
12: 31 And the LORD said unto him, Come unto Moses, let him be faithful.
13: 31 At֞h Db֨r Al-bn֤i Isral֙ Lam֔r A֥c At-sbtt֖i Tsm֑ro Ci֩ A֨ot H֜oa Bin֤i and Bֽinicm֙ Ldr֣tic֔m Ld֕at C֛i An֥i Iho֖h Mkdscֽm:
14: 31 And you shall keep the captivity of the house, because it is not the place of the flock, but it is for them, that it is not the land of the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth.
15: 31 And there were six days, and he did six hundred years of work, and the sixth day was the day of the Sabbath, when he returned to the house of the LORD, and he returned to the house of the LORD, all of them, all the people of the land of Israel, and of the land of the land of Israel.
16:31 And the sons of Israel kept their guardians, and brought the captives back to do their captivity, and they went to the house of them, because they were rebellious.
17: 31 Behold, I will be among the children of Israel, the children of Israel; and I will not be afraid of them; but they will not go up; for the LORD, the LORD, hath done the LORD the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
18:31 And they gave unto Moses his strength, so that he might be with him, that he might be with him, that he might be in the house of the children of Israel, and that they were not in the house of the LORD, but they were in the house of the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 32   (35 verses)‬
1: 32 and I֣ra Ha֔m Cֽi-bs֥s Ms֖h Lr֣dt Mn-hh֑r and Ikh֨l Ha֜m Aֽl-ahr֗n and Iamr֤o Alio֙ K֣om | Ash-l֣no Alh֗im As֤r Iֽlco֙ Lfn֔ino Ci-z֣h | Ms֣h Ha֗is As֤r Hֽal֙no֙ Ma֣rtz Mtzr֔im L֥a Id֖ano Mh-h֥ih Lֽo:
2: 32 And the Lord said unto them, Behold, I am the Lord of the earth, and I am the Lord of the worlds, and I will bring them to the land of Israel, and I will bring them to the land of Israel.
And all the people of the land shall be destroyed, and they shall not be destroyed, and they shall not be in their ears;
4:32 And he took a hand from them, and he besieged him, in the midst of the earth, and he did his work with him, and he turned away his shield, and he said unto him, I pray thee, O God, thy God, I will give thee strength, and I will bring it to thee. As for the LORD, I will bring thee forth from the land of the land of Mitzrayim.
5:32 And Jehorah saw Aaron, and he built a son of Mizbah before his face, and came to him, and he came to Aaron, and he said to him, And he said unto him, Glory be to him,
6: 32 And the Levites, the children of Meron, went up to him, and they went up to him, and went up to him, and they returned to him, and the people returned, and the people returned, and his six men were there, and they brought them to Mizorah.
7:32 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying unto her, Rejoice, that thy people shall not be pleased: thou shalt be lifted up from the land of Israel, even from the land of Israel.
8: 32 S֣ro Mh֗r Mn-hd֙rc֙ As֣r Tzoit֔m As֣o Lh֔m A֖gl Msc֑h and Istֽhoo-lo֙ and Izbho-l֔o and I֣amr֔o A֤lh Alh֙ic֙ Isra֔l As֥r Hֽal֖oc Ma֥rtz Mtzrֽim:
9:32 And the word of the LORD said unto Moses, Behold, I have seen it, and I have taken this thing away, and it is the people of the people of Cushah.
10: 32 And when the men came to the house, they came to me, and they were afraid of their fathers, and consumed them, and the people of Israel made you hungry.
11: 32 And Moses gave up the face of the LORD, the LORD his God, and he said to him, "May the LORD, the Lord, grant you salvation." He said, "Your Lord, I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength."
12: 32 Lmh֩ Iamr֨o Mtzr֜im Lam֗r Bra֤h Hֽotziam֙ Lhr֤g Atm֙ Bֽhr֔im and ֨lclt֔m Ma֖l Fn֣i Hֽadm֑h S֚ob Mhr֣on Af֔c and Hnh֥m Al-hra֖h Lamֽc:
13: 32 Zc֡r Labrhm֩ Litzh֨k and Lisra֜l Abd֗ic As֨r Nsb֣at Lhm֮ Bc֒ and Tdb֣r Alh֔m Arbh֙ Aֽt-zrac֔m Ccocb֖i Hsm֑im and Cl-ha֨rtz Hz֜at As֣r Am֗rti Atn֙ Lzrac֔m and Nhl֖o Lalֽm:
14:32 And the LORD, the LORD, hath mercy on the people of the land, but the people of the house of the LORD shall not do anything to them.
15:32 And the son of the son of Mordecai was married, because of the commandment of the LORD, and of the people of the land, and of the land of the LORD, and of the people of the land, and of the people of the land, and of the house of the LORD, and of the tribe of Judah.
16: 32 And the messenger of the Lord, the servant of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the God of God.
17: 32 And Yahweh went up to the house of the tribe of Baal in the midst of the evil of the land. [Q] And the Lord said unto Moses: 'Behold, I will come to the house of the LORD.' [1]
18: 32 And he said unto them, Behold, there is no voice; but the people of Giborah are not, nor are they, but they are the ones of the wicked.
19: 32 ֽih֗i Cas֤r Krb֙ Al-hֽmhn֔h and I֥ra At-ha֖gl and Mhl֑t and Iֽhr-a֣f Ms֗h and Isl֤c * Mido ** Midio֙ At-hlh֔t and Isb֥r At֖m T֥ht Hhֽr:
20: 32 And he took away the anger, as he had done, and he went straight to the ground, and he brought it to the ground, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to the children of Israel.
21: 32 And Moses said unto Moses, Behold, thou shalt be a son of Aaron, for he is a servant of thee, and he hath made thee a servant;
22: 32 And Aaron said unto Aaron, Behold, I am not yet, but I am with thee, thou art the LORD, and he hath brought the people of the land away, because he is in the land of the LORD.
23: 32 And they said to him, "Do as I have done to God, and I will not go down to you." "For this is the commandment of Moses, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth."
24: 32 And their mother gave them bread, and he gave them bread, and they gave it to him, and they gave him bread, and he brought it to him, and brought it to him, and he brought it up to the grain of his hand.
25: 32 And Moses saw the people of the house, because they were afraid of Pharaoh, because they were not afraid, but they were afraid to destroy her in their midst.
26: 32 And Moses went up in the midst of the midst of the thorns of the camp, and he said to him, "Behold, God is with me, and he is not with me!" And Joseph said to him, "Behold, all of us are children!"
27: 32 I֣amr Lh֗m Cֽh-am֤r Ihoh֙ Alh֣i Isra֔l S֥imo Ais-hrb֖o Al-irc֑o Abr֨o and S֜obo Ms֤ar Ls֙ar֙ Bֽmhn֔h and Hrg֧o Aֽis-at-ah֛io and A֥is At-ra֖ho and A֥is At-krbֽo:
28: 32 And he made his wife, the son of the sons of Levi, so that the people of Israel were ashamed of her, and the people came out of the people, because they were with them, because when they were ready, they were not with them.
29: 32 And Moses said unto Moses, Behold, it is a day of thanksgiving. Today, behold, there is no man, there is a son, and his son, his son, and his brother, and their wives are over thee: for they are not in thy land.
30: 32 And there was a hundred days after the death of Moses. And Moses said unto them, Thou shalt not commit adultery, but the sin of the children of Israel is great, and the people of Israel have come to them, and the people of Israel have come to the house of the LORD.
31: 32 And Moses returned to Moses, to God, and to him, and to him he said: 'Surely this is not a sin, but this is not a crime, but this is a crime, a great sin, a great thing, and it is a crime that is committed against them. God is their God.' "
32: 32 And thou hast taken it, but thou shalt not commit adultery, but if it is not, I will give it to you, and I will not give it to you.
33: 32 And the LORD said unto him, I am unto Moses, that is, Moses, the son of Moses, the son of Aaron, the son of Aaron, the son of Aaron;
34: 32 And Leah, your wife, gave me the blessing of the people, which I have given you, because I am your God, your angel, and I will return to you before you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
35: 32 And Jehoof, the son of Gilead, went up with him; but he did not do that; but he did not turn away from him; but he did not do anything.
‪xxxx  Chapter 33   (23 verses)‬
1: 33 and Idb֨r Iho֤h Al-msh֙ L֣c Al֣h Mz֔h At֣h and Ha֔m As֥r Hֽal֖it Ma֣rtz Mtzr֑im Al-ha֗rtz As֣r N֠sbati Labrh֨m Litzh֤k and ֽliakb֙ Lam֔r Lzrac֖ Atnֽnh:
2: 33 And I sent forth my face before you, and I did not go down to you, but I saw you, and I saw you, and I saw you, and I said to you, 'My God, my God!' "And my father, my father, and my father were my brothers and my brothers.
3: 33 To the earth, thou shalt go forth, and thou shalt not go, and give it to me; for it is not in the midst of thee, but in the midst of thee, so that it may be with thee, that it may be thy heart.
4:33 And he caused the people to go astray, and the LORD was angry with him, and his father was angry with him, and his wife was not with him;
5: 33 and I֨amr Iho֜h Al-ms֗h Am֤r Al-bnֽi-isral֙ At֣m Am-ksh-a֔rf R֧ga Ah֛d Aֽal֥h Bkrbc֖ and Clit֑ic and At֗h Hor֤d Adic֙ Mֽal֔ic and Ada֖h M֥h Aֽash-lֽc:
6:33 And the sons of Israel were saved, and the children of Israel were not taken away from them.
7: 33 and Msh֩ Ik֨h At-ha֜hl and Nֽth-l֣o | Mh֣otz Lֽmhn֗h Hrhk֙ Mn-hֽmhn֔h and K֥ra L֖o A֣hl Moa֑d and Hih֙ Cl-mbk֣s Iho֔h Itza֙ Al-a֣hl Moa֔d As֖r Mh֥otz Lֽmhnֽh:
8:33 And it was as though it was Moses, that he had gone down unto him, that he was not all the men of the world, and that he had been crucified, and that he had not taken his wife's wife, and that he had taken him away;
9:33 And he, behold, as Moses said, "Behold, I will go down, and go down with the people of the land of Israel, and I will go down to the land of Israel, and I will go down with the people of Mesha."
10: 33 And all the people saw it, and they saw the people of the tribe of Anas, and they went up against them, all the people, and all the people were angry with them, and they took their people away. [1] And the people of Israel came to them, and they came to their tents.
11: 33 Db֨r Iho֤h Al-msh֙ Fn֣im Al-fn֔im Cas֛r Idb֥r A֖is Al-ra֑ho and Sb֙ Al-hֽmhn֔h and Ms֨rt֜o Ihos֤a Bn-non֙ N֔ar L֥a Im֖is Mt֥oc Haֽhl: S.
12: 33 I֨amr Ms֜h Al-iho֗h R֠ah At֞h Am֤r Ali֙ H֚al At-ha֣m Hz֔h and Ath֙ L֣a Hֽodat֔ni A֥t Asr-tsl֖h Am֑i and At֤h Am֙rt֙ Idat֣icֽ Bs֔m and Gm-mtz֥at H֖n Bainֽi:
13:33 And when I saw her, I saw you, and I said unto you, Behold, in thy eyes, I know that I know thee, that thou mayest go down thy ways, and I will bring thee forth, that I may enter into your eyes, and see thee: for thy people are with me, and this is the anger of me.
14: 33 And he said unto them, Behold, I pray thee, and let me go, and I will bring thee down to thee.
15:33 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not face thy face; but they shall not be consumed; but they shall not be filled with it.
16: 33 Bm֣h | Iod֣a Af֗oa Cֽi-mtz֨ati H֤n Bain֙ic֙ An֣i and Am֔c Hl֖oa Blctc֣ Am֑no and Nfl֙ino֙ [1] An֣i and Amc֔ Mc֨l-ha֔m As֖r Al-fn֥i Hadmֽh: P.
17:33 And the Lord said unto them, Go ye unto Moses, that thou shalt bring forth the LORD, that which is the seed of the LORD, that is, the light of thy heart, the light of the earth, and the earth, the light of the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
18:33 And he said, "Look, I see you, and see your honor."
19:33 And he said, "I am not going to be angry with all my goodness, but with your face, and with your heart, I am with you in their midst, O LORD, I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will be with you."
20:33 And he said, "Do not be afraid to see your face before me, because I am not afraid of seeing them, because I am with them and they are alive."
21:33 And the word of the LORD said, Behold, there is a covenant between you and me, and you shall be steadfast in the light of the fire.
22:33 And there was a great multitude in your heart, and I gave you strength in the midst of the fire, and the light of the fire, and the presence of my anger, I will put your hands on your face until I am gone.
23: 33 And I sent my hair away, and I saw the other one, and the face was gone, and I saw it not.
‪xxxx  Chapter 34   (35 verses)‬
1: 34 and I֤amr Ihoh֙ Al-ms֔h Fsl-lc֛ Snֽi-lh֥t Abn֖im Crasn֑im and Ctbti֙ Al-hlh֔t At-hdbr֔im As֥r Hi֛o Al-hlh֥t Hrasn֖im As֥r Sbֽrt:
2: 34 And behold, the people of Nun, the sons of Labrador, and the children of Israel, were in the house of Korah, and the descendants of Sinarah, and Zonabath, were there;
3: 34 And a man, the man of the people of Israel, did not go up with him, nor did the man go into the house of all the people of the house, even the people of Hazan, and the firstborn, and not the man of the tribe of Judah, but of the tribe of Judah.
4: 34 Ifs֡l Snֽi-lh֨t Abn֜im Crasn֗im and Isc֨m Ms֤h Bb֙kr֙ and I֙al֙ Al-h֣r Sin֔i Cas֛r Tzo֥h Iho֖h At֑o and Ik֣h Bid֔o Sn֖i Lh֥t Abnֽim:
5:34 And the LORD, the son of Judah, was in the midst of them, and he was with them, and his people were with them, and they came to them in their own way, O Jehovah,
6: 34 And the LORD, the LORD, went up to his face, and he came to him, saying, Jehovah, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD,
7: 34 Ntz֥r H֙sd֙ Lalf֔im Ns֥a Aoֺ֛n and F֖sa and Hta֑h and Nkh֙ L֣a Ink֔h Fk֣d | Aoֺ֣n Ab֗ot Al-bnim֙ and Al-bn֣i Bn֔im Al-sls֖im and Al-rbaֽim:
8: 34 And Moses became angry with her, and he cut down her breast, and gave him joy.
9: 34 and I֡amr Am-na֩ Mtz֨ati H֤n Bain֙ic֙ Adn֔i Iֽlc-n֥a Adn֖i Bkrb֑no C֤i Am-ksh-a֙rf֙ H֔oa and Slht֛ Laoֺn֥no and Lhtat֖no and Nhltֽno:
10: 34 I֗amr Hn֣h Anci֮ Cr֣t Brit֒ N֤gd Cֽl-amc֙ Aas֣h Nfla֔t As֛r Lֽa-nbra֥o Bcl-ha֖rtz and Bcl-hgoi֑m and Ra֣h Cl-h֠am Asr-at֨h Bkrb֜o At-mas֤h Ihoh֙ Cֽi-nor֣a H֔oa As֥r An֖i As֥h Amֽc:
11: 34 Your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, and your strength.
12: 34 He said to you, "I will not go down to you, but you will be buried in the land of Israel." The LORD said to him, "Behold, I will see you." Behold, I will go up to her, and she will come to me, and she will come to you.
13: 34 When ye bring the altar, thou shalt bring forth the wine, and the thorns of thine, and thou shalt not dwell with them; and they shall not be consumed by their captivity.
14: 34 For he did not go down, but he gave him bread, but he gave it to him, so that he could not be ashamed, for the LORD was with him, and he was not a man;
15: 34 And thou shalt be ashamed of him, and he shall be with him, and he shall be his wife, and he shall be his wife.
16: 34 And thou shalt take away thy daughters, and give him thy son, and thy son, and his son, and his sons, and they shall be after me, O God, be it, and be with us, and give us your son's inheritance, and after thee, God shall be with thee.
17: 34 God is the Lord of the heavens, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the worlds.
18: 34 Thou shalt not be satisfied, but thou shalt keep the gladness of the seven days, and the day of the feast shall be consumed, and the commandment of the servant shall be fulfilled, and the commandment of the LORD shall not be with thee, but the LORD, the father of the father, shall be reviled: for in the midst of the earth shall be the father of the children of Israel, that shall bring them out of Mitzrayim.
19: 34 All the children of the people of the world shall be gathered together, and the king shall be given to them, and the land shall be restored, and the land shall be destroyed.
20: 34 And he shall be ashamed of him, and he shall not be afraid of him, neither shall he be afraid of him, neither shall he be afraid of him: and thou shalt not be afraid of him;
21: 34 And there were six days of the day of the tabernacle, and the sixth day of the captivity, and the third day of the morning, the sixth day, and the summer, the Sabbath was again.
22: 34 And it is the day of the captivity that is done to thee, that it is done unto thee, that is, in the morning of the morning, the light of the heat, the heat of the heat, and the heat of the heat, the heat of the heat, the heat of the heat, the heat of the furnace.
23: 34 And when the people of Israel saw it, they saw it, and all the people of your family saw it.
24: 34 Cֽi-aor֤is Goim֙ Mfn֔ic and Hrhbt֖i At-gbol֑c and La-ihm֥d Ais֙ Aֽt-artzc֔ Balֽtc֗ Lraot֙ At-fni֙ LORD Alh֔ic Sl֥s Fam֖im Bsnֽh:
25: 34 And he said unto him, Bring thee not up against the blood of the blood of the altar: for it is not, and it is not, but it is not cold, and it is cold, and it is not in the heat of the heat.
26: 34 Behold, the first wife of Bechorai is your servant, because thou art great, and thou hast been blessed, O Jehovah, O God, thy God, thou shalt not be ashamed of the children of God;
27: 34 And the word of the LORD said unto Moses, Behold, thou art writing unto thee, that thou hast spoken unto the LORD: for he hath given it to me, because I am against the children of the LORD.
28: 34 ֽihi-s֣m Am-iho֗h Arba֥im Iom֙ and Arba֣im L֔ilh L֚hm L֣a Ac֔l and M֖im L֣a St֑h and Ict֣b Al-hlh֗t A֚t Dbr֣i Hbr֔it As֖rt Hdbrֽim:
29: 34 And there was an inheritance in the land of Moses, that is, of the land of the land of the land of Israel, and of the land of the land of Israel.
30: 34 And Aaron saw it, and all the children of Israel were with him, and they were with her, and they were with her, so that they were able to turn away from him, and he turned away from him, and he was afraid of him.
31: 34 And he cried unto them, They were not Moses, and they were captivated, but they were not with him, and all the people were with them, and they were in the midst of them, and the people of the land of Israel went up against them.
32: 34 And after them all the sons of Israel were gathered, and all the children came to them, and commanded them, and all the men of Israel were crucified, so the LORD said unto him, Behold, thou hast dealt with him in the midst of sin.
33: 34 And the people of Mesopotamia were angry with them, and they sacrificed them, and they gave them up before him.
34: 34 And the son of Moses came to him before him: the LORD was with him, and he gave him the light of his hand, and he cast off the molten sword, until he came out, and brought him forth, and spoke unto the son of the children, saying, I pray thee, thou shalt not go down;
35: 34 And the sons of Israel saw it, and the people of Israel went up against it, because it was cold, and the people of the land were there, and they were there, and the people of the tribe of Mesopotamia were destroyed, even before the people of Israel, until they came to the land of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 35   (35 verses)‬
1: 35 And Moses, the son of Moses, went to the house of all the children of Israel, saying, "Behold, I am saying to them, 'The LORD said,' The LORD has commanded the LORD to do the same. '
2: 35 And there was six days of the tenth day of the seventh month of the month of Machon, and the sixth day of the seventh month.
3: 35 Do not know that I am not ashamed of you, but I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
4:35 And Moses said unto her, All the children of Israel, the children of Israel, shall be brought to Israel, and this is the commandment of the LORD, that the LORD may be commanded.
5: 35 And he said unto Moses, Thou shalt not lift up the trumpet, but the LORD shall be with him, and he shall be with him, and he shall bring him forth: thou shalt bring him forth: thou shalt bring him forth: thou shalt not lift up the trumpet: the LORD is the LORD, and he is the son of Jacob.
6: 35 And thou shalt prepare, and multiply: and thou shalt go away, and I will come again, and I will be ashamed;
7: 35 And the men of valor were not of them, but of the land, and of the trees, of thorn, and of the trees;
8: 35 And there was oil for the water, and the water, and the water, and the oil, and the water, and the grain of the spices.
9: 35 And the sons of Shesh, and they, and the children, were filled with bread, and the bread of the sheep.
10: 35 And all the wise men of the children of Israel were in the midst of them; they despised them, and did all the things that were given to them.
11: 35 And the people of the house of the house of the people of Ecclesiastes, and of his throne, brought his crescendo to him, and to Kirsh, they brought him to the house of his brethren, and his people, and his master.
12: 35 The Aaron, and his children, the captain of the kaparath, and the fruit of the fruit of the land of the land.
13: 35 And he gave him his hand, and his bread, and all his vessels, and the bread of the heat of the oven.
14: 35 And thou shalt give the light, and all the vessels thereof, and the lamps thereof, and the vessels that are in the water:
15: 35 And Mizba the little one, and his wife, and his children, and the men of the house of Hamashahah, and the small number of the camels, and the threshing-floor of the gate, and the gate of the tabernacle of the tabernacle.
16: 35 And he said unto him, O daughter of the king, I will give thee the commandment of the LORD, and I will give him the commandment of the LORD, and I will bring him to the house of the LORD.
17:35 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt cut off the pillar of his pillar, and his master thereof, and the place of thy throne, that is, the gate of the half-moon.
18: 35 And the tabernacle of the tabernacle, and the jubilee of the wall, and the mighty thereof.
19:35 Beethoven, the servant of the Lord, who is the king of Israel, hath sanctified the flesh of the children of Israel, that is, the people of the land, and the people of Aaron, the sons of Canaan, and the children of the children of Israel.
20:35 And it came to pass, all this time, that the children of Israel, the children of Israel, were in a state of trouble;
21: 35 Ib֕ao Cl-a֖is Asr-nsa֣o Lb֑o and C֡l Asr֩ Ndb֨h Roh֜o At֗o H֠biao At-trom֨t Iho֜h Lml֨act A֤hl Moad֙ and Lcl-ab֣dt֔o and Lbgd֖i Hkֽds:
22: 35 And the men, the men, turned on the men, and the men, and the men, and the children of the children, and the children of the children, and all the children of the tribe of Israel.
23: 35 And every man, that is, that hath taken him, thou shalt prepare for him, and go down with them, and go astray, that is, and come, and go astray, and loathe them, and they shall not turn away from them, and they shall rise up, and they shall not fear.
24:35 All those who have been rebellious have committed themselves to the sword, and they have given them the gift of the LORD, and they have come to him, and the LORD has given them the gift of the LORD, and the king has given him the commandment of the LORD.
25: 35 And all the wise men of wisdom were in their hands, and they came to him, and they brought them to the table, and they brought them to the table, and they brought them to the table, and they brought them to the threshing floor, and to the threshing floor, and to the threshing floor.
26: 35 And all the men of the tribe of Esau, who were rebellious, did not give birth to you, but they were not in your hands, because they were afraid of the living things.
27: 35 And the women married them, and they brought the children of the children, the children of the children of Israel, and the daughters of the sons of Israel, who were given bread to Ephraim, and Leah the sheep.
28: 35 And he brought the name, and the sack thereof, to Mauro, and to Haman, and to Hamashahah, and to Ketkath the Samsites.
And all the children of Israel shall be brought unto the children of Israel, that shall be given to them, that they may be given to the LORD, that they may be given to them.
30: 35 And Moses said unto them, Behold, son of Israel, the children of Israel shall see it, seeing that it is cold, that the LORD, the LORD, is in their midst, in the house of Zerlath the son of Uri, son of Hahor, the son of Hathor;
31: 35 And Maimonides, the son of the LORD, came to the house of God, and was not in wisdom, but in the wisdom of her, and in her knowledge, and in all things she did.
32: 35 And Leah the son of Moses, the son of Moses, the son of Moses, the son of Moses;
33: 35 And after that the son of Laban came to Malchoth, and after that, he did not go out to do anything in all the things that made him wise.
34: 35 And they said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be afraid; and behold, the son of Ahiasam, the son of Ahisam, hath returned to thee, to bring them down.
35: 35 Ml֨a At֜m Hcmt-l֗b Lasot֮ Cl-ml֣act Hr֣s | and Hsb֒ and Rk֞m Btc֣lt and Bֽargm֗n Btol֧at Hsn֛i and Bs֖s and Ar֑g Asi֙ Cl-mlac֔h and Hsb֖i Mhsbֽt:
‪xxxx  Chapter 36   (38 verses)‬
1: 36 and Ash֩ Btzla֨l and Ahlia֜b and C֣l | A֣is Hcm-l֗b Asr֩ Nt֨n Iho֜h Hcm֤h and Tbonh֙ Bh֔mh Ld֣at Las֔t Aֽt-cl-ml֖act Abd֣t Hk֑ds Lc֥l Asr-tzo֖h Ihoֽh:
2: 36 Ikr֣a Ms֗h Al-btzla֘l [1] and Al-aֽhliab֒ and Al֙ Cl-a֣is Hcm-l֔b As֨r Nt֧n Iho֛h Hcm֖h Blb֑o C֚l As֣r Nsa֣o Lb֔o Lkrb֥h Al-hmlac֖h Las֥t Atֽh:
3: 36 Ikh֞o Mlfn֣i Ms֗h A֤t Cl-htromh֙ As֨r Hb֜iao Bn֣i Isra֗l Lml֛act Abd֥t Hk֖ds Las֣t At֑h and ֠hm Hb֨iao Al֥io A֛od Ndb֖h Bb֥kr Bbֽkr:
4: 36 And all the men of the world came to the house, and the people of the land, and all the people of the land, and the people of the land.
5: 36 And they said unto Moses, Behold, thou shalt not go up, and multiply unto them, that they may not be destroyed: for it is a great thing, that it may be a pillar of the LORD, that it may be given to them, that it be given to them, that the LORD commanded them to do it.
6: 36 And Moses, his servant, and the captain of the tribe of Kohler, went up in the camp, saying, "Behold, there is a sword of the sword, and a woman's wife. Do not do that, but it is not the work of the thorns, but all the things that are made from the house are not."
7: 36 And the labor was that they were given to them, because they were all of the labor, to do the work of the LORD, and to give it to them.
8: 36 and Ias֨o Cl-hcm-l֜b Bas֧i Hmlac֛h At-hmsc֖n A֣sr Iria֑t S֣s Msz֗r and Tc֤lt and Argmn֙ and Tol֣at Sn֔i Crb֛im Mas֥h Hs֖b As֥h Atֽm:
9: 36 But thy lord, behold, he is the son of Abraham, the son of Solomon, the son of the LORD, the son of Abraham, the son of Aaron, the wife of Abraham, the daughter of Aaron, the daughter of Aaron;
10: 36 And he broke up the chariot of the hill, and brought it to the other side, and it was hot, and he was afraid of it, and he was afraid of the fire.
11: 36 And when the people of Israel came to the land, they came to the house of the tribe of Shepherath, which was the fifth day of the month of the seventh month of the month of Adar.
12: 36 Hms֣im Lla֗t Ash֮ Biria֣h Haht֒ and Hms֣im Lla֗t Ash֙ Bktz֣h Hiria֔h As֖r Bmhb֣rt Hsn֑it Mkbilt֙ Hl֣la֔t Ah֖t Al-ahֽt:
13: 36 And he went up to the house of Hamash, and he was not ready to destroy the land; but he brought it to the ground, and brought it to the house of Ahath, and there was a place in the land of the land, and it was there.
14: 36 And it came to pass, that they were afraid, that they might come to the house, even unto the tabernacle, that thou didst do it, and that it was done to them, that it was done, that it was done unto them.
15: 36 But thy neighbor, behold, the three hundred wives, the woman, the mother, the mother, and the multitude, the mother of the women, the daughter of the children, the wife of the other, the wife of her brother, the wife of the wife, she is the daughter of the children of Israel.
16: 36 And he brought the heat of the mountains to the ground, and to the south, and to the south, to the south, to the south.
17: 36 And he went up to the house of the LORD, saying, "It is the fifth day of the month, the month of the seventh month, which is the fifth day of the month of Mahabath, and the fifth day of the month of the month of July, which is the year of the people of Israel, which is the tenth day of the year, and the month of the month of the month of the year."
18: 36 And Moses made a casket: behold, it was five hundred and fifty shekels, and he was not afraid to bring the lion to the ground;
19: 36 And he made the house of the throne of the land, and it came to pass, that it was not the land of the LORD, but the people of the land, and the land thereof, and the land of the land of Thamesh.
20: 36 And he made the heads of the corn, and they went to the tabernacle: for they were mighty.
21: 36 The servant of the mother, is thy servant the king of the flock, and the mother of the children, and of the children of Israel, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts;
22: 36 Behold, I have taken possession of the hand of the LORD, and this is the fifth day of the reign of the Lord, and of the tribe of Saul, I have come to the house of God, and this is what I have done unto you.
23: 36 And he made the heads of the karashites to the tabernacle, and they were ten, and the trees were not ready, but they were not the stones of the thorns.
24: 36 Arbaim֙ Adni-c֔sf As֕h T֖ht Asr֣im Hkrs֑im Sn֨i Adn֜im Tֽht-hk֤rs Hahd֙ Lst֣i Idt֔io and Sn֧i Adn֛im Tֽht-hk֥rs Hah֖d Lst֥i Idtֽio:
25: 36 And he took up the tabernacle of the tabernacle to the west, so that he was able to go straight to the ground, and he made nine mountains, and there was a tree of gladness.
26: 36 And the four of them were their masters, and they were still two thousand, and they were two men, and they were three men, and they were three men, three men, three men, three men, three men, three men, three men, three sons, and three sons.
27: 36 And he blessed the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
28: 36 And the two Koreshites did as they did to the tribe of Makkah, which was the tabernacle of the city of Korach.
29: 36 And I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
30: 36 And they shall be the same, and they shall be holy, and they shall be in their hands, and they shall be as many as six, but they shall be as they are, and they shall be as they are, and they shall be as they are.
31: 36 And he made the land of Beriah, the people of the tribe of Shittam, five hundred of them, and of Karsheth, of Zechariah, of the Mishkan, the other of them.
32: 36 And they were afraid of them, because they were afraid of them, that they were not able to take possession of them, because they were in the midst of the sun, and of the fifth day of their inheritance, that they might flee to the land of the land of the land of the land of Israel.
33: 36 And he that did the thing of the sons of the children said unto them, Behold, the daughter of Beth, the daughter of the Kohathites, shall not go out of her allotment to her.
34: 36 And the people of Korash, and Zephathah, the son of Zebub, and Tabutam, did Asaad, Zahav, and Laban, and Labiriah, because of them, and he brought the inheritance to them.
35: 36 And he made the house of the king, and the hill, and the ark, and the ark of them, and took away the sackcloth, and there was a scepter, and there was a scepter.
36: 36 And he made his wife, the four hundred, and the people of the tribe of Shittam, and Tzippon, and Zehav, and Zehav, and Zehav, Zehav, and Zikzak, to them, Arba'a, and Adoni, so as to Sasef.
37: 36 And he made the throne of the king of Israel, and the people of the land, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
38: 36 And the people of Amidah were five hundred and fifty, and they were their wives, and Zippo, their chiefs, were they, and their wives, and their families, and their children, and their children, even five hundred forty-five.
‪xxxx  Chapter 37   (29 verses)‬
1: 37 And he did what he had done to the people, and the people of the tribe of Israel, the tribe of Israel, the nation of Israel, and the land of Israel, and the land of Israel, and the land of Israel, and the land of Israel.
2: 37 And he besought him, and he came to him, and said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be ashamed;
3: 37 And he commanded him to go forth, and he was four hundred years old, and he was seven hundred years old, and he was not angry with his people, and he did not drink any of his goods, even though he was not satisfied with him, because he was on his side, and his wife, his wife and his wife, were married to him.
4:37 And he did what he had done to them, and the people of the tribe of Shittam went out, and besieged them.
5:37 And he brought the children into the house of the tribe, and they came to the hill, and they came to the mountains, and they took the ark down.
6: 37 And he made the house of the captain of the house of the LORD, and he gave birth to the mother of Israel, and the land of the land of Israel, and the land of Israel, and the land of the land of Israel.
7: 37 And he made two things that were as they were, and they were burned, and there was no rain, but they were not, but they were not, and they were not.
8: 37 And as for the people of Mezron, and for the people of Mezron, for the sake of the people of the land, they did the work of the keruvim;
9: 37 And the people of the Cherubim, who were scattered among the Canaanites, went out to the house of the king, so that they could go to the house of the king, so that they would be in their hands, and they would go down to the house of the king, and they would turn to them, but they would not go down to the house of the LORD, and they would return to the house.
10:37 And he made the house of the Shiloah, the people of the tribe of Shitam, the mother of Amaziah, his ark, and his mother, Rahab, his mother, and his mother, and his family, and his family.
11: 37 And he gave him his name, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he returned to it.
12: 37 And he made his way, and he went out of the house of the king, and he came to the house of the king, and he returned to his house.
13:37 And he commanded him to go forth, and he brought forth the tabernacle of the LORD, and gave it to the tabernacle, and he gave it to the LORD, and he gave it to the flock, and he went up to fight with his feet.
14: 37 To the nation that is the melting-seed of the earth, it is the grain of the earth, and it is the breadth of the bread, and it is not enough for the LORD to bring the wheat to the ground.
15:37 And he made the servants, and the people of the tribe of Shittam, and besieged them, and they returned to them, and brought them to the land of Shiloah.
16: 37 And he went up to the house of the king of the Chaldeans, saying, As for the people of the tribe of Kohath, I have brought you down to the ground, and his feet, and his men, and his men, and his captives, and the people of the land.
17: 37 And he made the lamp of the lamp, and it came to pass, and he made a wall of bronze, and made the lamp, and he blessed it, and bought it, and gave it to it, so that it could be opened up, and it was open to it.
18: 37 And six hundred years of age were brought forth, and on the other side of it was three hundred men: a hundred men, a hundred men, a hundred people, a fifth, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a tree, a tree, a tree, a tree, a tree, a tree, a tree, a tree, a tree, a tree, a tree, a tree, a tree, and a tree.
19: 37 Sls֣h G֠baim Mֽskd֞im Bkn֣h Hahd֮ Cft֣r and Frh֒ and Sls֣h Gba֗im Mskd֛im Bkn֥h Ah֖d Cft֣r and F֑rh C֚n Ls֣st Hkn֔im Hitza֖im Mn-hmnrֽh:
20:37 And by the light of the four hundred men, they were three hundred years old, and they were the captain of the tribe, and the people of Pharathia were there.
21: 37 Cft֡r Tht֩ Sn֨i Hkn֜im Mm֗nh and Cftr֙ T֣ht Sn֤i Hknim֙ Mm֔nh and Cft֕r Tֽht-sn֥i Hkn֖im Mm֑nh Ls֙st֙ Hkn֔im Hitza֖im Mmֽnh:
22: 37 And their graves were closed, and they were bought, because of them they were not, but they were not, and they were not, and they were not.
23: 37 And he did the work of Neroth, which was sevenfold, and took it away, and destroyed it.
24: 37 And as for the morning of the morning, the morning of the morning, the morning of the morning, the morning of the morning, the morning of the morning, and the morning of the morning,
25: 37 And he made the house of Mizbah the captain of the tribe of the people of Shittam, but Amah, his ark, and his mother, Rahab, and his father, and his mother, and his mother, and his mother, and his mother.
26: 37 And he gave him his strength, and he gave him his strength, and gave him his loins: and he turned away his horns, and his horns, and his loins, and his loins, and the trees;
27: 37 And he went to the house of Taba, and he returned to his house, and he returned to his house, and he returned to the house of the LORD, saying, "Behold, I have gone astray, but I have gone astray, and I have gone astray, and I have gone astray."
28: 37 And he did that which was done to the people, and they made a fool of them, and he brought them to them.
29: 37 And he did what he had done, and he went to the field of chess, and he brought it to him, and to Ketam, the name of the tabernacle, and to Taha, the pillar of the pillar of the wilderness.
‪xxxx  Chapter 38   (31 verses)‬
1: 38 And he made the fountain of the sea, and the people of the tribe of Amaziah, the tribe of Simeon, five of them, and the mother of Amalek, his wife, and his mother-in-law, and of his greatness, and of his greatness, and of his greatness;
2: 38 And he made his horns, and he made him angry; and he turned away from him; and he turned away from him, and his eyes were filled with him, and his eyes were filled with him, and he brought him to his house.
3:38 And he did all the things of all things, which brought forth the heat of the fire, and the waters of the water, and the salt, and the salt, and the grain, and all the vessels thereof;
4:38 And he did that which was brought to him, and he went to the house of the captain of the house of Meshaal, the wife of Nahhath, and the wife of Nahath, the daughter of Korach, and of his sons, and of the tribe of Adh-hezzi.
5:38 And the children of Israel went up to Taba, and in the midst of the thorn, the thorn, and the threshing floor, and the threshing floor, and the women were weeping, and they were afraid of the children.
6:38 And he made the men of the land, and the people of the tribe of Shittam arose, and besieged them, because they were not married.
7: 38 And he brought the children of the tribe of Baabba, and the tribe of Zebulah came to Mizbah, and brought them to Mizpah, where they had been born, and they were there.
8:38 And he did that which was in the house of the LORD, and he gave it to him, and behold, he saw it, and saw it, and saw it, and saw it, and saw it, and saw it, as it was called, and it came to pass.
9:38 And he made the half-hearted, and went up to the porch, and the pillar of the house was empty, and there was no stone, and there was no stone, and there was no stone, and there was no stone, and there was no stone.
10: 38 The people of Israel were nine men, and their children were nine men, and they were not married, and they were there, and they were still, and their judgments were not as they were.
11: 38 And the tribe of Tzippon came to Me, because it was the people of Ammon, the people of Israel, who were in charge of the land, and their children, because they were nine men, and they were married, and they were there, and they were numbered, and their judgments were not as they were.
12: 38 And they came to the house of the children of the tribe of Kohath, five hundred fifty five, and the people of Amidiah, the children of Asher, and Adonijah, of them, and of the nine of them, and of them, the people of Amad, and of them, and of their families,
13:38 And Leviticus came to him from the east of Mizrah, which was 5:19;
14: 38 And she was five fifteen years old, and her mother was unto her servants, and her servants, and her masters, and her children, because they were three hundred and fifty.
15:38 And she went to the sack of the sackcloth, and she went out to the house of the young man, and the young man came to the house of the children of Israel, and the children of Amaziah, the children of Amaziah, and her sons, and her children, and her children;
16:38 All of the calf is not the half, and it is the sabbath of the sabbath, the sixth of Sazzer.
17:38 And the Adonians, the children of Amodim, were numbered of them, that were numbered of them; and they were not numbered, and they were numbered, and their judgments were numbered, and their chief wives were numbered, and they were gathered together, and they were numbered of the people of Hushak, and there was no king, but the people were not.
18: 38 Ms֞c S֤ar Hhtzr֙ Mas֣h Rk֔m Tc֧lt and Argm֛n and Tol֥at Sn֖i and S֣s Msz֑r and Asr֤im Amh֙ A֔rc and Kom֤h Br֙hb֙ Hm֣s Am֔ot Lam֖t Kla֥i Hhtzֽr:
19: 38 And when they were gathered together, they were four hundred and seven, four hundred and twenty four; and they were six men, and their wives, and their wives, and their wives, and their wives, and their wives, and their wives,
20:38 And all the things that were brought to the house, and to the west, the thorns, the thorns, the thorns, the thorns;
21: 38 And I will bring you to the tabernacle of the tabernacle: for I am the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth.
22: 38 And Ben-Zur the son of Or-son of Ben-Hahor saw that he had given birth to her, because Yahweh had done as she had done with all the things which the LORD commanded her to do.
23:38 And the sons of Ahasib, the son of Ahisam, returned to you to give them food, and he gave them bread, and he gave them bread, and he gave them bread, and he gave them bread, and he brought them to the house of the king, and they brought them to the house of the king.
24: 38 Cl-hzh֗b Hֽasoi֙ Lmlac֔h Bc֖l Ml֣act Hk֑ds and Ih֣i | Zh֣b Htnof֗h T֤sa and Asrim֙ Cc֔r and Sb֨a Ma֧ot and Sls֛im S֖kl Bs֥kl Hkֽds:
25: 38 And he drew up a cup of water, and this was a cup of wine, and he gave it a thousand shekels, and it was five hundred shekels, and it was forty shekels, and it was seven shekels, which was lighter in the weight of the threshing floor.
26: 38 B֚ka Lglg֔lt Mhtz֥it Hs֖kl Bs֣kl Hk֑ds Lc֨l Hab֜r Al-hfkd֗im Mb֨n Asr֤im Snh֙ and M֔alh Lss-ma֥ot A֙lf֙ and Sl֣st Alf֔im and Hm֥s Ma֖ot and Hmsֽim:
27: 38 And it came to pass, when the house of the king was gathered together, that the children of the children of Israel were cut off, and the children of the children of Israel were cut off from the land of Adnan, so that they would not come to the house of the king as a nest to the land.
28: 38 And the thief, and the captives, came to him, and they were five hundred, and the seven men did as they did, and they went to the people of Edom, and Zippo, their chiefs, and them, and Hashash brought them together.
29: 38 And Noah, the six men of Naphtam, sat down seven days, as they were, and went up, and four hundred, and four hundred, and four hundred.
30: 38 And he went up to the house of Adonai with his hand, and he went out to see him, and he did not go out with him, and took away the spoil of the wife, and the daughter of Machabath the son of the woman, which was his wife, and all the men of the tribe of Mizba.
31:38 And Adnan was the son of Nazareth, the captain of the captivity, and the Adnan, that is, the gate of the stronghold, and all the houses of the tabernacle, and all the greatness of the fortress;
‪xxxx  Chapter 39   (43 verses)‬
1: 39 and Mn-htc֤lt and Hֽargmn֙ and Tol֣at Hsn֔i As֥o Bgdi-sr֖d Lsr֣t Bk֑ds and ֽias֞o At-bgd֤i Hk֙ds֙ As֣r Lahr֔n Cas֛r Tzo֥h Iho֖h At-msֽh: P.
2: 39 And he made the apoptosis, so that he was able to go down, and set up the ark, and went away from there, and he went to sleep.
3: 39 ֽirka֞o At-fh֣i Hzhb֮ and Ktz֣tz Ftilm֒ Las֗ot Bt֤oc Htc֙lt֙ and Bt֣oc Hֽargm֔n and Bt֛oc Tol֥at Hsn֖i and Bt֣oc Hs֑s Mas֖h Hsֽb:
4:39 And the people of the tribe of Kohath were destroyed;
5: 39 and H֨sb Afdt֜o As֣r Al֗io Mm֣no Hoa֮ Cmasho֒ Zh֗b Tc֧lt and Argm֛n and Tol֥at Sn֖i and S֣s Msz֑r Cas֛r Tzo֥h Iho֖h At-msֽh:
6: 39 And they did that, and the sons of the children, the children of the tribe of Moses, took away their captives, and they went out of the house of the children of the tribe of Phobath.
7: 39 And it was because they had put them to death, that the children of Ephesus were watching the children of Israel, remembering the children of Israel, so that the people of Israel would be victorious, as the LORD commanded the LORD.
8: 39 And he did the work of the threshing-in-man, as he did in charge of the fire, as he did as he did, and he went up to the ark, and went to the gate, and went to the gate.
9:39 And he multiplied, and he turned away from him; and he did the same thing to him, and he took the reins of the sheep, and he saw the length of his ark, and the length of his bread was in his hands.
10: 39 And they filled him with four hundred cubits, and he gave them to the children of the tribe of Tobur, but the children of Phadah went away, and the children of the tribe returned to the land.
11: 39 And the light of the two men shall be upon you, and your sword shall be bright, and they shall be gone.
12: 39 And the third of the three men turned to him, and he returned to his name, and returned to his house.
13:39 And the tribe of the tribe of Arbaiah came to them, and the people of Sush, the LORD, gave them up, and destroyed them, and they took away the land of their captivity, and they returned in their midst.
14: 39 And the fathers, according to the name of the children of Israel, were the nine sons of the tribe of Israel, who were in charge of their captivity, because they had not opened their doors, but they were sealed, but there was no man in the name of his name, because he was a servant of the people of Israel.
15: 39 And he did the same thing to the young man, and he sent him to the house of the king, and he did not do anything.
16: 39 And he went up, and went to the house of the captain of the tribe of Zebab. And he went into the wilderness, and the tribe of Zebab returned. And the tribe of Zechariah came upon him, and they brought him to the house of the tribe, which was on the east side of the hill.
17: 39 And it came to pass, that it was two hundred cubits, and that this was seven cubits, which were four hundred cubits, and they were four hundred cubits;
18:39 And the two women were gone, and they were six, and they were not in the house, but they were on the porch of the house of the captives, and they were lying on the edge of the edge of the wall, even unto the face of his face.
19: 39 And he went up to the house of the tribe of Abbaath, and he returned to them, and brought them to the house of the king of the tribe of Bashan, to the tribe of Shaphat, and to him, to Esau, to the west of the Lapid.
20: 39 And they did that which was six hundred and thirty, and it was gold, and they were with them, and they were on it, even though they were not in the mouth of the flock, because they were not in the house, but they were in the midst of them, and they were not with them, because they were afraid of them, because they were afraid of the fire of the captivity of the apocrypha.
21: 39 Ircs֣o At-hh֡sn Mtbatio֩ Al-tba֨t Haf֜d Bft֣il Tc֗lt Lֽhit֙ Al-h֣sb Haf֔d and Lֽa-iz֣h Hh֔sn Ma֖l Haf֑d Cas֛r Tzo֥h Iho֖h At-msֽh:
22: 39 And he did what he had done, and he did the work of the people, and he did not give up all the vessels.
23: 39 And the mouth of the midst of the midst of the midst of the sea was as it were, because the mouth was not white, but the mouth was white, because it was round about, and it was round about, but it was not cold.
24: 39 And the people of Israel went up to the land of Shiloh, and the people of Merom, Ramleh, were there, so that they were able to go down, and to the ark of them, and they went to the place of the sun,
25: 39 And they did not go into the wilderness, but the children of the tribe of Ammon, the children of the children of Ammon, raised up against the children of Shiloh.
26: 39 Then they went up to them, and they rose up, saying, "Come on, I will go down to you, and I will lift them up for you." "The people of the captivity were captivated, so that the LORD was victorious, as the LORD commanded the LORD."
27: 39 And he made the house of the priest, and the servant of Moses did his work, and he gave it to Aaron, and his sons were with him.
28: 39 And the commandment of the tribe of Shesh, and the Pharaoh of the tribe of Gethsemane, of Moses, and of Michanassim, of the tribe of Shazar, of Meszar,
29: 39 And the sons of the tribe of Shesh, the son of Zechariah, and Thalath, and Argaman, were numbered. And they went out to the house of Seth, but they did not do anything to them, but as they did, they were commanded by the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
30: 39 And he went up to the house of Zerah, the son of Zechariah, the son of Zerah, the son of Zerah, and of Zach, the son of Zephyr;
And his countenance was upon him, and he went up to the hill, and fell upon the camp of the tribe of Malmah, as if it were commanded by the LORD, behold, I saw the house of Moses.
32: 39 And all the servants of all the servants of the tribe of Israel were baptized, because they did not go out, and they did so in the children of Israel, so that the people of Israel were consumed as a whole. As for the commandment of the LORD, the LORD commanded Moses, Moses, the people of Israel.
33: 39 And he brought the tabernacle to Moses, and brought it to him, and all his vessels were crushed, and his crescendo was filled with his scent, with his smell, and his people, and his people, and his master.
34: 39 And the house of Mechassah, the ark, is the valley of the mountains, the pillars of the mountains, and the city of Makkah, the cities of the threshing-floor, and the villages of Pharos, the land of Masach.
35:39 Aron, his wife, and his children, and the manner of the kaparath.
36: 39 The shulchan hath brought all his things together, and they have been given the bread of the priests.
37: 39 The light of the lamp, which hath purified the lamps of the fire, and the light of all the vessels thereof, and all the things of the water:
38: 39 And thou shalt bring forth the grain of the seed, and the seed of the flesh of the flesh, and the small pieces of clay, and the stones of the stone, and the branches of the stone.
39: 39 And it came to pass, that it was the same, and it was the tenth day of the morning, that the women had given birth to him, that they had given him bread, and all the vessels of the kohl, and his vessels.
40 39 At֩ Kla֨i Hhtz֜r At-amd֣ih and At-adn֗ih and At-hmsc֙ Ls֣ar Hֽhtz֔r At-mitr֖io and Itdt֑ih and A֗t Cl-cl֛i Abd֥t Hmsc֖n La֥hl Moaֽd:
41: 39 Thou shalt not be ashamed of the flesh of the flesh, so that the flesh of the flesh shall be filled with the flesh of the thorns, and the thorns, and the thorns, and the thorns of the children.
42: 39 And as for her, which the LORD commanded her, she gave them unto her, so that they did so, and they did so to the children of Israel, so that all the servants of the LORD were with her.
43: 39 And Moses saw all the workmanship of her, and it was she who made her captive, as she had done, and commanded her: the LORD commanded her, so that he did what he did, and he brought your children to them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 40   (38 verses)‬
1: 40 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying unto her, Be faithful:
2: 40 In the day of the first month of the month of the month, they shall dwell in the midst of the thorns of the earth, and they shall lift up their habitation: for they shall not go forth.
3:40 And they shall be put to death, because they are not, but they are the witnesses of the covenant, and the statutes, and the law of the land, even the ark of the fruit.
4: 40 And he brought the shaloh, and he brought it up, and brought it up to him, and brought it to the horn, and brought it up, and brought it up to it.
5:40 And thou shalt bring the fountain of gold to the west, and it shall be plentiful to the face of the earth: and I will bring it to thee, and thou shalt bring the land of thy land to the land of the land.
6:40 And it came to pass, that the tribe of Zebab, the son of Ela, went up before them, and they went to the house of the king, and they were there, and they were not in the midst of them.
7:40 And they gave the hymns to the children, and they did not come to them, and they gave them bread, and they gave them bread, because they drank water.
8: 40 And thou shalt bring the sword to the ground, and turn it away: and thou shalt give up thy money, that is, the gate of the half-moon.
9: 40 And thou shalt take the scepter of the flesh of the chessboard: and thou shalt bring away the tabernacle, and all that is with it, and sanctify it, and bring it to him, and all its vessels, and it shall be a cubit.
10: 40 And Moses took up Mizba, the son of Allah, and all his possessions, and sanctified the land of Mizpah, and he brought it to Mizabh, the land of Kadesh.
11: 40 And thou shalt bring the kohl, and his vessels, and his sanctity, and his vessels.
12: 40 And thou shalt bring up Aaron's son, and his son, he shall go down to the house of the king, and he shall not go down, and thou shalt flee, and thou shalt bring them into the wilderness.
13:40 And the servant, behold, the women of Aaron, the daughter of the king, the priest, the priest, and his wife, and his wife, and his wife, and his wife, and his wife, and his wife.
14:40 And the sons of the sons of Tharath, and Thou, and Thou, and Thy servants, were Thou, and Thou shalt not eat.
15: 40 And thou shalt surely bring them up as they were, because of their wickedness, their fathers, and their wives, and against them, and for them to die, and to die for them, because they are corrupt, and they shall not bow down to them, but they shall not be destroyed.
16: 40 And Moses made her a servant, as a king, as she commanded, and commanded her: the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
17:40 And there was the first month of the month of the month of Bashan, the year of the second year, which was the second day of the month of the month of Hush, which was the end of the tabernacle.
18: 40 And Moses rose up to destroy the tabernacle, and gave his master his strength: and he that brought Carthash to his feet, and gave him his bread, and his bread, and he lifted up the people of his flock.
19: 40 And he took the woman's hand, and he gave it to the tabernacle, and it came to pass, that he brought it to the throne, and he brought it upon him, that he could not lift it up, so that it might go down, as it was commanded by the LORD.
20:40 And he gave them and set the promises to them, saying, "Behold, they have put the people on the ark, and they have put the horn on the ark, for they have not gone up."
21: 40 And he brought the ark to the house, and it came to pass, that he made the land of the land of the land of the land, and the land of thy land, and the land of the land of the everlasting witness, as though it were the commandment of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD,
22:40 And they gave the shulchan a sign, saying unto them, Come, I pray thee, I will not go down to thee, that is, the land of the land, and the land of the land.
23: 40 And your anger is upon you, so that you may go to the mercy of the LORD before me, as Jehovah, as the LORD commanded her, the LORD is the LORD.
24:40 And he put the lamp in the hand, saying, "Come, I will go down, and I will give you the land, and I will send you to the land."
25: 40 And he went up to the children, and turned to him, saying, Jehovah is a woman, because as a woman, she commanded her, the LORD was with her.
26: 40 And it came to pass, that he put the fountain of the altar, and that it was in the furnace, that he came not before the face of the bullock.
27: 40 And he will raise up a small number of small stones for him, as if he were commanded by the LORD.
28: 40 And it was he who put your money on the floor, and opened it to your tabernacle.
29: 40 And the tribe of Zebab, the son of Elad, was there, that they had taken up the land of the house of the house, and that they were there, that they were not in the house, and that they had brought up the land of the land, and the commandment thereof, as as the fire of the LORD commanded it.
30: 40 And it came to pass, that the people of the house were brought up, that they should not be brought to the land, and that they should not be brought to the land, and that they should be given to them, that they should not be permitted to run away from it.
31:40 And they were afraid of Meznu, Moses and Aaron, and their sons brought down their hands, and their feet.
32: 40 When they came unto them, they did not go near, but sacrificed them to the fountain, but they were afraid, as if they were commanded, the LORD commanded them.
33: 40 And he lifted up the ark of the thorn, and gave it to the tabernacle, and brought it to the fountain, and gave it to you, and gave it to the threshing floor, and the threshing floor was filled with the thorns of the threshing floor.
34: 40 And he gave them to him, and he gave them up to him, and he went up to the house of the LORD, and he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not bring down the tabernacle.
35: 40 And it came to pass, that the people of Moses were not brought to the house, but that they were not moved, because the people of the land were there, and they were not satisfied. 17 And the heart of the children of Judah, the LORD, came down, and they took away the tabernacle.
36: 40 And in the midst of the foolishness of the mind, he went up from the house of the tabernacle, so that the sons of Israel went away, and the people of Israel went astray in their tents.
37:40 And if the people of Israel were not satisfied with them, they would not go, but they would not go up against them until they were raised up.
38: 40 For the people of Israel were with you, the LORD, the LORD, and the people of the tabernacle, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, because they were not with him, because they were not in the sight of all the children of Israel, but in all their travels.
‪xxxx    End of Exodus (40 chapters, 1213 verses).
