‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.45. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Ezekiel (48 chapters, 1273 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (28 verses)‬
1: 1 And he said, "Behold, I have been in the house of the LORD for seven days, and I have been in the land of the LORD, and I have not seen the LORD, nor have I ever seen the light of the sun."
2: 1 In Hamashah, the fifth day of the month of Cheshvan, the fifth day of the fifth year, the fifth year of the year, which are your days, are coming.
3: 1 Behold, this is the word of the LORD, saying unto the son of Boaz, Behold, the children of Israel are in the land of the land, as they were in the wilderness, and they were burning up over them, because they were not in their hands, even the hand of the LORD.
4: 1 And this is the place of the LORD, and he is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD.
5: 1 And I will give you my life, and I will give you life, and I will give you life, and I will see it, and I will see it, and I will see it.
6: 1 And four hundred, they went up to the brotherhood, and went up like a ship to their brother, to them.
7: 1 And the feet of the mighty are strong; and the wings of their feet are high; they are like the wings of the wind; they are the vessels of the wind;
8: 1 And his hand, and his hands, and his eyes, and his wrath, and his wrath, and his wrath, and their faces, and their wings, to the four hundredth of them.
9: 1 And the children of Israel went to the house of their brethren, because they were not in their hands, but they were not in the house, but they were there, and they were not with them, but their faces were turned away.
10: 1 And the face of their faces is the face of the face of the people, and the people, and the people of the sea, see it to the children of the Levites, to the four hundred, and to them, and to the children of the sea, to the west of Arbaatha, and to Naphtali,
11: 1 And their faces, and their wings, were separated from them, and they went up to the sea, to the fire of the dead, and to the sea, and to the sea, and to the sea, and to the sea, and to the waters of the sea,
12: 1 And the man shall bear witness to his face, that they may go against him, for which is he, that is, he that is, that is, that he hath gone down to the land of the land, and that he hath taken it, that he may not be crucified.
13: 1 And the mother of the living, the women of the women, saw her, as they were, and as the men of the children of Israel saw, the children of Israel were like the children of the children of Israel; they were not in the house; they came to the house of the living men, and they went to the land, and the land of the trees was there.
14: 1 And the life of the children is full of desire, and it is as though the people of the world are afraid of it.
15: 1 And it came to pass, that they were alive, and behold, they were burning up another tree, and in the midst of the earth, the light of life came to them, to multiply the multitude of their faces.
16: 1 Who is the beholder of the people of the people, and the people of the people of the land, as the people of the land of Israel, and of the people of the land, the people of the land, the people of the land, the people of the land, and the people of the land?
17: 1 For the people of Arba'a, the seven of them, because they were in their possession, they will not give it to them, but they will not turn away from you in their possession.
18: 1 And the sons of Gathabah, their wives, and their wives, and their wives, and their wives, and their families, were not in the eye of the eye, but they were turned to the four hundredfold.
19: 1 And it came to pass, that it was the fifth day of the twentieth century, that the people were gone, and that the people of the land were still there, and the people of the land were there.
20: 1 What is the meaning of the word יֽרֽויההה-ש֨םםם ה֤ר֤וּח לל֙ל֙ל֙ת֙ת֙הֵה֔ל֔בּּו שן ש שָָּּ֥הָה֖ר֖ה֖ה֑ה בהָהָר֖ה֖ה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה בה ב:ה בה בה בה בה
21: 1 Blessed are they, who are against them, and they have been baptized, but they have not yet been destroyed, and they have been brought to the land, and they have not given up the land, but they have taken away the land of the land.
22: 1 And the mother of the sons of the chief of Israel was alive: the LORD was the LORD, the LORD of the worlds, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
23: 1 And it was the inheritance of the LORD, the people of Israel, as they were, and of them, the children of Israel, the women of Israel, their wives, and of the families of their wives, because of their families, because they were numbered of them, and they were not numbered, and they were not numbered.
24: 1 And the people of the tribe of Israel went up against them, as though they were as great as they were, but they were not like the sackcloth of the LORD, but they were in the midst of them, and they were in the midst of them, and they were in the midst of them, and they were in the midst of them, but they were not like their wings.
25: 1 And there was an angel of the rod of the LORD, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the sons of Israel;
26: 1 And what is the cause of the evil of the Lord, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Throne, as he saw, the Son of Son, the Son of the Son, the Son of Son, the Son of the Son, the Son of the Son, the Son of the Son, and the Son of God.
27: 1 and A֣ra | Ca֣in Hsm֗l Cmrah-a֤s Bֽit-lh֙ Sb֔ib Mmra֥h Mtn֖io and Lm֑alh and Mmra֤h Mtnio֙ and Lm֔th Ra֙iti֙ Cmrah-a֔s and N֥gֽh L֖o Sbֽib:
28: 1 Cmra֣h Hk֡st Asr֩ Iֽhi֨h Ban֜n Bi֣om Hg֗sm C֣n Mra֤h Hn֙gh֙ Sb֔ib H֕oa Mra֖h Dm֣ot Cbod-iho֑h and ֽarah֙ and Af֣l Al-fn֔i and Asm֖a K֥ol Mdbֽr: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (10 verses)‬
1: 2 And he said unto him, Son of man, I will go up against thy feet, and I will bring thee to thee.
2: 2 And it came to pass, that the LORD had given birth to him, that he had given birth to the LORD, and that he had not gone down, and that he had risen up against me on foot: and he was brought to death by the fire of the LORD.
3: 2 and I֣amr Al֗i Bn-adm֙ Sol֨h An֤i Aֽotc֙ Al-bn֣i Isra֔l Al-goi֥m Hmord֖im As֣r Mrdo-b֑i H֤mh and Abotm֙ F֣sao B֔i Ad-a֖tzm Hi֥om Hzֽh:
4: 2 And the sons were hardened, and the faces were strong, and my strength was not with me, but I asked you to go with them, and I said unto them, And I said unto them, Why art thou not saying, O Lord, I am the LORD?
5: 2 And he said unto him, Why do you hear the voice of David, and if he is afraid of him, because he is angry with him, and he is angry with him, because he is afraid of him, and he is afraid of him, because he is not afraid, because he is his son in the midst of them.
6: 2 and At֣h Bn-a֠dm Al-tir֨a Mh֜m and Mdbrih֣m Al-tir֗a C֣i Srb֤im and Slonim֙ Aot֔c and Al-akrb֖im At֣h Ios֑b Mdbrih֤m Al-tira֙ and Mfnih֣m Al-th֔t C֛i B֥it Mr֖i Hֽmh:
7: 2 And thou shalt speak my words, and I will come unto them, but they shall not hear them; and if they are afraid of them, they shall not be bitter.
8: 2 And behold, Son of Adon, he heard the voice of the people, which I have not spoken to you, but I am not with you, nor am I with me, but with my heart, I will give it to you, and I will give you the food which I will give you.
9: 2 And he saw it, and behold, he sent out his hand, and he said unto him, Behold!
10: 2 And Ephrath, his wife, went to Laban, and she said unto her, Behold, the face is gone, and there is another man, and the house of the sons of the children of Israel, the sons of the children;
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (27 verses)‬
1: 3 And he said unto them, Son of man, thou art not, that thou shalt not eat, and I will not eat; and I will bring thee down: for this is the seed, and thou shalt go forth unto the house of the children of Israel.
2: 3 And Ephthah the Philistine, and I will eat it, and I will eat it, and I will not give it to him;
3: 3 and I֣amr Al֗i Bn-adm֙ Btnc֤ Tֽacl֙ and Ma֣ic Tml֔a A֚t Hmgl֣h Hz֔at As֥r An֖i Nt֣n Al֑ic and A֣cl֔h and Th֥i Bf֖i Cdb֥s Lmtֽok: P.
4: 3 And he said unto them, Son of man, come not unto me, but to the house of Israel shall be brought forth, and thou shalt speak in the wilderness, and I will come unto them.
5: 3 And when they were gone, they were not with them, but they were still with the lips, and they were with me, and there was no sign of them, but they said to them, "Go to the house of the house of the Israelites."
6: 3 Lo and behold, they were not with me, but they were not with me, and they were not with me, but with them, and with them, and with them, and with them, and with their hands, and with them, and with them, and with them.
7: 3 And the children of Israel went astray; they were not their enemies, but they were not pleased with thee; for they were not; they were not enemies; they were not in any way, but they were not all, but they were born, and the men of Israel were strong, and they were hardened, and they were hardened.
8: 3 Behold, I will give you the face of your face, the strength of the earth, and the multitude of their faces before them, and the strength of your strength, and the strength of your strength, and the strength of your strength.
9: 3 As for the heat of the chest, the heat of the rain, the rain, the rain, the rain, the rain, the rain, the rain, the rain, the rain, the rain, the rain, and the rain.
10: 3 And he said unto him, Son of man, thou shalt give up all my words, but I will not be angry with thee: for I am thy God, thy God, and thy heart, and thy heart, and thy heart, and thy heart.
11: 3 And unto you, go to the galah, go unto the son of the people, and go with them, and speak unto them, and say unto them, Behold, they are not like them, but they are the masters of the children of Israel. Jehovah is their God, and they shall not listen to them, nor shall they be afraid of them.
12: 3 And I will raise up my strength, and I will bring it to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
13: 3 And the children of the tribe of Kohath, the living of the children of Israel, were married to the families of the children of Israel, and the people of Israel were in a state of mourning.
14: 3 And I saw the wife of the woman, and she took me, and she took me, and I gave him strength, because I was in the spirit of spirit, and the hand of the LORD was upon me.
15: 3 And the father said to him, 'Go to the gate, the one who sits there, the son of the captive, the one who dwells, the LORD, the son of Nahar, and the son of Asher.' And Asher, and his wife, returned to them, and returned to them, and returned to them, and returned to them, and they returned to their land, and they returned to their land, and they returned to their land.
16: 3 And there was a hundred of them, seven hundred, seven hundred, two hundred, seven hundred, seven hundred.
17: 3 Son of Adam, Zippo, I have given you to the LORD, and to the children of Israel, and to the people of Israel, and to the voice of the LORD, and to the LORD, and to the LORD,
18: 3 Bamr֤i Lֽrsa֙ M֣ot Tm֔ot and L֣a Hzhrt֗o and L֥a Db֛rt Lhzh֥ir Rs֛a Mdrc֥o Hrsa֖h Lhit֑o H֤oa Rsa֙ Baoֺn֣o Im֔ot and Dm֖o Midc֥ Abkֽs:
19: 3 And thou shalt surely see that this is the root of the wicked, and that it is not, nor is it, that is, the wicked, the wicked, the wicked, the wicked, the wicked, the wicked, the wicked, the wicked, the wicked, the wicked, and the wicked.
20: 3 and Bs֨ob Tzd֤ik Mtzdko֙ and A֣sh A֔ol and Ntt֥i Mcs֛ol Lfn֖io H֣oa Im֑ot C֣i L֤a Hzhrto֙ Bhtat֣o Im֔ot and L֣a Tzc֗rn Tzdkto֙ [q] As֣r As֔h and Dm֖o Midc֥ Abkֽs:
21: 3 And thou shalt give it to him, because thou shalt be afraid of him, and he shall not be afraid of him, nor shall he be afraid of him, but he shall be a fool, and he shall be a son of his own. And behold, he is not a sinner, but his life is his life, and he is alive;
22: 3 And you shall go up to me; for they are in the hands of the LORD, and I will say unto them, Behold, I will come unto you, and I will go down to them, and I will come to them, and I will bring them to you.
23: 3 And he stood up, and went up to the house of the LORD, and behold them, as in the presence of the LORD, he stood before them, as if he were in a cage, and as a man, I saw him, and I saw him over the river, as before, and he fell upon the face of me.
24: 3 And it came to pass, that I might go down on my feet, and stand on my feet; and he spoke to me, and said unto me, Behold, thou shalt not be angry, but the daughter of thy daughter shall be thy daughter.
25: 3 And behold, son of Adam, they are your sons; they have given you up over thee; they have made you oppressors, and they have forbidden you to be in their midst, and they have not come to you in their midst.
26: 3 And I will give you my sword, and I will bring thee to thy neighbor, and it shall come to pass, that thou mayest die, and not unto them, that is, to them, to them, to the sword of the sword, and to the hand of the king, even when they are bitter;
27: 3 and ֽbdbr֤i Aֽotc֙ Aft֣h At-f֔ic and Amrt֣ Alih֔m C֥h Am֖r Adn֣i Iho֑h Hsm֤a | Isma֙ and Hhd֣l | Ihd֔l C֛i B֥it Mr֖i Hֽmh: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (17 verses)‬
1: 4 And thou art a son of man, for thou hast taken thy son, and thou hast given it unto thee, before thy face, and thy law, and upon her, she hath cast off the children of their children.
2: 4 And thou shalt give it up; for it is a rainbow, and the sons of the children of Israel are over it; for it is the house of the LORD, and the people of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel, the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel.
3: 4 and At֤h Kh-lc֙ Mhb֣t Brz֔l and Ntt֤h Aoth֙ K֣ir Brz֔l Binc֖ and B֣in Ha֑ir and Hcinth֩ At-fn֨ic Al֜ih and Hit֤h Bmtzor֙ and Tzrt֣ Al֔ih A֥ot H֖ia Lb֥it Israֽl: S.
4: 4 And thou shalt lie down on thy hand, but thou shalt not go down; and thou shalt bring the people of the house, even the children of Israel, unto him, for they are not exceeding the number of days, but as for the people of Israel, so shall the people of Israel die.
5: 4 And I said unto you, Behold, I have given thee strength; and I have given thee strength, and I have given them strength, and they have been saved, and they have been saved, and they have been saved.
6: 4 and Clit֣ At-a֗lh and S֨cbt֜ Al-tzdc֤ * on the right [k] ** Himni֙ Sn֔it and Ns֖at At-aoֺ֣n Bit-ihod֑h Arba֣im I֔om I֧om Lsn֛h I֥om Lsn֖h Ntt֥io Lֽc:
7: 4 And unto the tribe of Jeruselem, where are you, thou shalt not see thy face, and thy wrath, and thou shalt not be afraid;
8: 4 And behold, I have given thee strength over thy works; yea, and not, thou shalt not see thy presence, nor thy presence, but unto thy hand, even unto thy vessels, so shall I be cut off from thy seed.
9: 4 and At֣h Kh-lc֡ Ht֡in and ֠sarim and F֨ol and Ads֜im and D֣hn and Csm֗im and Ntt֤h Aotm֙ Bcl֣i Ah֔d and As֧it Aot֛m Lc֖ Ll֑hm Msf֨r Him֜im Asr-at֣h | Soc֣b Aֽl-tzdc֗ Sls-ma֧ot and Tsa֛im I֖om Taclֽno:
10: 4 And your food shall be as great as food, but it shall be in the flesh, that ye may eat ten shekels, that it shall be easy for them to eat, for they shall not be consumed until they are consumed.
11: 4 And it came to pass, in the flesh, that thou shalt be satisfied, that she might be ashamed of her, and that she would not be afraid of her, until she became pregnant with her.
12: 4 And I will be glad to say that there are nine hundred and fifty shekels, and there is no bread, no bread, no bread, no bread, no bread, no bread, no bread, no bread, no bread, and no bread.
13: 4 And the word of the LORD said unto him, Behold, the children of Israel shall be put to shame, and they shall not be put to death, but they shall not be put to death, but they shall not be consumed;
14: 4 And Amram saw that I was in the midst of the LORD, O LORD, that is, the LORD, that is, Nafash, the LORD, the son of Nappa, the son of Nebuchadneh, and of the tribe of Nebuchadneh, and of the tribe of Aynah, of the tribe of Na'aru, and of Adonai, and not of Baba, because of the command of Pagar.
15: 4 And he said unto him, Behold, I see thee, thou shalt not be satisfied; for I have come to thee, and thou shalt be satisfied with me; and I have seen thee, and thou shalt not be afraid.
16: 4 and I֣amr Al֗i Bn-adm֙ Hnn֨i Sb֤r Mth-l֙hm֙ Bir֣osl֔m and Aclo-l֥hm Bmsk֖l and Bdag֑h and M֕im Bmsor֥h and Bsmm֖on Istֽo:
17: 4 For the sake of the people of Israel, they were ashamed of them, and they fought against them, and they were destroyed, and there was no man, no man, and his brothers, and they were iniquity with their anger.
‪xxxx  Chapter 5   (17 verses)‬
1: 5 and At֨h Bn-ad֜m Kh-lc֣ | H֣rb Hd֗h T֤ar Hglbim֙ Tkh֣nh L֔c and Habrt֥ Al-rasc֖ and Al-zkn֑c and Lkht֥ Lc֛ Mazn֥i Msk֖l and Hlktֽm:
2: 5 Sls֗it Ba֤or Tbair֙ Bt֣oc Ha֔ir Cml֖at Im֣i Hmtz֑or and Lֽkht֣ At-hsls֗it Tc֤h Bh֙rb֙ Sb֣ibot֔ih and Hslsit֙ Tzr֣h Lr֔oh and H֖rb Ar֥ik Ahrihֽm:
3: 5 And thou shalt take them, even if they are not in the mouth; but thou shalt surely save them, and they shall not be in your wings.
4: 5 And what is the matter of them, O Israel, and thou shalt surely take them away, and thou shalt surely go out unto them, and thou shalt not go out, but thou shalt surely bring them forth: for they have come out of it, and they have not come out of the house of all the children of Israel.
5: 5 Then said the Lord, O Lord, I pray thee, O Jehovah, O God, I beseech thee, Thou shalt not return, but Thou art the daughter of Thy servants, O G-dite: for I have given her bread, and I have given her bread;
6: 5 And you shall put judgment on me: for I will not be satisfied with their wickedness, nor with their judgments, nor with the laws of the land, but from the land of my land, wherewith I will dwell in their courts, because they are in judgment, and they are not punished, nor are the statutes, they are not.
7: 5 Lc֞n Cֽh-am֣r | Adn֣i Iho֗h I֤an Hmncm֙ Mn-hgoim֙ As֣r Sbibֽotic֔m Bhkoti֙ L֣a Hlct֔m and At-msft֖i L֣a Asit֑m and ֽcmsft֧i Hgoi֛m As֥r Sbibotic֖m L֥a Asitֽm: S.
8: 5 For this reason, he said, O Lord, I am with you, O LORD! Behold, I am with you, and I will make you happy, and I will do to you, and I will bring you justice to you, even to the eyes of my enemies.
9: 5 And thou hast done me in the midst of thee, as thou hast done, but I have not done it, nor have I ever seen it, but I have given it unto thee, that I may not be satisfied with it.
10: 5 For they are not fathers, but they shall be consumed, sons of men, in your hearts, and in your children, shall they be consumed, but their fathers shall be consumed, and I will make you captive to the judges of judgment, and I will bring forth all the remnant of you all to the land of the LORD.
11: 5 Lc֣n Hi-a֗ni Nam֮ Adn֣i Ihoh֒ Am-l֗a I֚an At-mkds֣i Tm֔at Bcl-skotz֖ic and Bcl-toabt֑ic and Gm-an֤i Agra֙ and La-th֣os Ain֔i and Gm-an֖i L֥a Ahmֽol:
12: 5 Slst֞ic Bd֣br Im֗oto and Bֽrab֙ Icl֣o Btoc֔c and H֨sls֔it Bh֖rb Ifl֣o Sbibot֑ic and Hslisit֙ Lcl-r֣oh Azr֔h and H֖rb Ar֥ik Ahrihֽm:
13: 5 And all the children of Abchai, and all the women of Israel, took their oaths, and they gave them bread, and they gave them bread, and they knew that, because I, the LORD, was with me, and my daughter was with me in the house of my daughters.
14: 5 And thou shalt give to the sword of the sword, and unto the sword of the flesh, they shall bring them forth: for I will be glad, and I will be glad to see you.
15: 5 and ֽh֨it֜h Hrf֤h and Gdofh֙ Mos֣r and Msm֔h Lgoi֖m As֣r Sbibot֑ic Basoti֩ B֨c Sft֜im Ba֤f and Bhmh֙ and Btch֣ot Hm֔h An֥i Iho֖h Dbֽrti:
16: 5 Bֽslh֡i At-htzi֩ Hra֨b Hra֤im Bhm֙ As֣r Hi֣o Lmsh֔it Asr-asl֥h Aot֖m Lsֽhtc֑m and Rab֙ As֣f Alic֔m and Sbrt֥i Lc֖m Mth-lֽhm:
17: 5 And I will send you away: and I will cause evil to you; and you shall live wickedly, and they shall be filled with you, and they shall return to their land, and they shall return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
‪xxxx  Chapter 6   (14 verses)‬
1: 6 And he said, Speak unto me, O LORD, be unto me;
2: 6 Behold, they shall not turn your face toward the LORD; they shall be raised, and the sheep shall be brought unto them.
3: 6 and A֣mrt֔ Hri֙ Isra֔l Sma֖o Dbr-adn֣i Iho֑h Ch-am֣r Adn֣i I֠hoh Lhr֨im and Lgba֜ot Lafik֣im * and Lgait ** and Lgai֗ot Hnn֨i An֜i Mb֤ia Alicm֙ H֔rb and Abdt֖i Bmֽoticֽm:
4: 6 And the men of the tribe of Zebabah, and the sons of the sons of the tribe of Zechariah, came to them, and destroyed them, and they destroyed their tents, and destroyed them, and destroyed them, and turned them away.
5: 6 And I brought the children of the children of Israel into the house of the Israelites, so that they might turn to me; and they turned their backs on them, and brought them forth, and brought them to the ground, and they came to them, and surrounded them, and went away from their captivity.
6: 6 Bcl֙ Mosb֣otic֔m Har֣im Thr֔bnh and Hbm֖ot Tis֑mnh Lman֩ Ihrb֨o and Iasm֜o Mzbhֽotic֗m and Nsbr֤o and Nsbto֙ Gl֣olic֔m and Ngdao֙ Hm֣nic֔m and Nmh֖o Masicֽm:
7: 6 And Nephal, the son of Hilal, the daughter of Joachim, came to them, and the children of Idahath, were not they, because I was with them?
8: 6 And I saw that they were in their homes, and that they would not be able to return to their homes, but they would return to their land in their land.
9: 6 and Zcr֨o Flֽitic֜m Aot֗i Bgoim֮ As֣r Nsbo-sm֒ As֨r Nsb֜rti At-lb֣m Hzon֗h Asr-sr֙ Mֽal֔i and At֙ Aֽinih֔m Hzn֕ot Ahr֖i Glֽolih֑m and Nk֙to֙ Bfnih֔m Al-hֽraot֙ As֣r As֔o Lc֖l Toabtihֽm:
10: 6 And he knew that it was because I was not in the house of Jehovah, but he was not the son of Hanan, because he had told me to do what I had done to them.
11: 6 Cֽh-am֞r Adn֣i Iho֗h Hc֨h Bcfc֜ and Rk֤a Brglc֙ and ֽamr-a֔h A֛l Cl-toab֥ot Ra֖ot B֣it Isra֑l As֗r Bh֛rb Bra֥b and Bd֖br Ifֽlo:
12: 6 The bread is the breadth of the bread of the sea, the grain of wine, and the wine is in the breadth of the wine, and the wine is left, and the grain is broken in the evil, and the bread is full of bread, and all the food is hot.
13: 6 And ֽidatm֙ Cֽi-an֣i Iho֔h Bֽhi֣ot Hllih֗m Btoc֙ Gl֣olih֔m Sbib֖ot Mzbhֽotih֑m Al֩ Cl-gba֨h Rm֜h Bc֣l | Ras֣i Hhr֗im and T֨ht Cl-a֤tz Rֽann֙ and T֙ht֙ Cl-al֣h Abt֔h Mk֗om As֤r Nֽtno-sm֙ R֣ih Nih֔h Lc֖l Glolihֽm:
14: 6 And I brought my children to the house, and they brought them up, and I gave them the land, which was hot, and it was in the heavens, that it was in the wilderness, that it was desolate, and that it was in them that dwelt among them, that they might die, and that they knew that they were not.
‪xxxx  Chapter 7   (27 verses)‬
1: 7 And he said, Speak unto me, O LORD, I pray thee, O God, be faithful.
2: 7 And behold, son of Adam, behold, the LORD, the Lord of the earth, is the LORD, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
3: 7 And when thou hast come down to me, I will send thee, and I will send thee: for I am with thee, and in thy law, I will judge thee, and I will judge thee, and I will give thee strength: for I will come unto thee, and all thy love shall be upon thee.
4: 7 And you shall not turn your eyes on them; for they are not against you, but they are against you; for they are not in thy way, but they go down to you; and they abhor you, that is, in thy kingdom;
5: 7 Thus the mother said, O Lord, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD is the evil one, the one who is evil, the LORD is the one who sees her.
6: 7 And he said unto her, Behold, behold, thou shalt be sure of thy heart;
7: 7 Behold, the Lord is the Tzipir;
8: 7 Behold, I will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
9: 7 And we shall not turn away from your eyes, and they shall not go down against you, but as they walk on you, they shall bring you down, and loathe you, that is, in your midst, and in your midst, and in your presence, and in your presence, and in your knowledge, because of them, because I am not worthy of the LORD.
10: 7 Behold, the LORD is a man; he is his son; behold, he is the one who is thirsty; the one who is thirsty is the one who is thirsty.
11: 7 It is the heat of the sun, and it is the light of the sun, and the light of the earth, and the light of the earth.
12: 7 Behold, behold, the time of the Haggaih is the one who is the one who is jealous, and the one who does not do this is the one who is willing, and the one who does not desire it, because he is not afraid of all other people.
13: 7 When the men were crying, they went to the place where they were born, and they did not die. And they lived in their lives, because they were not afraid, but they were not in their hands; neither were they captivated, neither were they captivated, and their flesh was lost.
14: 7 Thou shalt not bow, and thou shalt surely go, and go, and this is not, and it is not, and it is not with thee, that thou shalt fight against it: for ye shall burn it unto all the people.
15: 7 It is the heat of the flesh, and the rod, and the evil, the heart of the heart, the flesh, the flesh of the flesh, the flesh of the flesh, the flesh of the sea, the heat of the sea, and the flesh of the wicked, the evil of the wicked, and the flesh of the wicked.
16: 7 And they shall be cast aside, and they shall come to them, and they shall be like unto them: for they are not, but they are the mighty ones, and they are full of them;
17: 7 All the hands shall be filled with water, and all the knees shall be filled with water.
18: 7 And Hagar was quiet, and they were not with him, but they were not with him, but with all their faces, and with all their heads, and with all their heads, they were cold.
19: 7 Csf֞m Bhotz֣ot Isl֗ico and Zhbm֮ Lnd֣h Iֽhih֒ Csf֨m and Zhb֜m Lֽa-ioc֣l Lhtzil֗m Biom֙ Abr֣t Iho֔h Nfsm֙ L֣a Isb֔ao and Maih֖m L֣a Iml֑ao Cֽi-mcs֥ol Aoֺn֖m Hiֽh:
20: 7 And his men, his witnesses, came to him, saying, "Behold, they have taken refuge in him, and they have committed adultery, but they have not despised them, because they have committed adultery against them, because so have they been given to them, because they have betrayed her."
21: 7 And you shall bring him into the house of the strangers, for he is not a man, nor a lord of the wicked, but he is the land of the wicked, and he hath fallen, and he hath fallen.
22: 7 And the passersby said, "Behold, they have gone out of the house, and they have gone astray, and behold, they have come, and they have come, and they have come forth, and they have come forth."
23: 7 Thou hast made it, thou shalt surely be oppressed: for, behold, there is no earth; for it is not, and it is not, and it is not, and it is not.
24: 7 And my fathers, they were evil; they were their own, and they gave their inheritance to them, and they returned to them, and they returned to me, so that they might return to their land, and they would be destroyed.
25: 7 Behold, the people of the tribe of Ba֑ba are in need, and they are the same, and they are not.
26: 7 Behold, the LORD is the God of the LORD, the Lord of the worlds, and of the people of Israel, the Lord of the heavens, and of the people of Zion, and of the people of Zion, and of the people of Zion.
27: 7 Hm֣lc Itab֗l and Nsia֙ Ilb֣s Smm֔h and Id֥i Am-ha֖rtz Tbh֑lnh Mdrc֞m Aas֤h Aotm֙ and Bmsftih֣m Asft֔m and Ida֖o Cֽi-an֥i Ihoֽh: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 8   (18 verses)‬
1: 8 and Ih֣i | Bsn֣h Hss֗it Bssi֙ Bhms֣h Lh֔ds Ani֙ Ios֣b Bbit֔i and Zkn֥i Ihod֖h Iosb֣im Lfn֑i and Tf֤l Ali֙ S֔m I֖d Adn֥i Ihoֽh:
2: 8 And he saw it, and behold it the image of the man, as he saw it, and he saw it, and saw it, and gave it to him, and he came to it, and came to him, and he went astray, and came to him as he saw it, as he saw it, as he saw it, as if he had gone into darkness.
3: 8 and Islh֙ Tbn֣it I֔d and Ikh֖ni Btzitz֣t Ras֑i and Ts֣a At֣i R֣oh | Bֽin-ha֣rtz and B֣in Hsm֡im and Tba֩ At֨i Irosl֜mh Bmra֣ot Alh֗im Al-f֜th S֤ar Hfnimit֙ Hfon֣h Tzf֔onh Asr-s֣m Mos֔b S֖ml Hkna֥h Hmknֽh:
4: 8 And behold, their name is like the voice of God, and it is no more, and I will sing it, as I saw it: as I saw it, I saw it when I arose.
5: 8 and I֣amr Al֔i Bn-ad֕m Sa-n֥a Ain֖ic D֣rc Tzf֑onh and As֤a Aini֙ D֣rc Tzf֔onh and Hn֤h Mtzfon֙ Ls֣ar Hmzb֔h S֛ml Hkna֥h Hz֖h Bbaֽh:
6: 8 and I֣amr Al֔i Bn-ad֕m Hra֥h At֖h * ** are ** M֣h H֣m As֑im Toab֨ot Gdl֜ot As֥r Bֽit-isra֣l | As֣im F֗h Lrֽhkh֙ Ma֣l Mkds֔i and Aod֙ Ts֣ob Tra֔h Toab֖ot Gdlֽot: S.
7: 8 And she brought the woman to the house of the king, and she saw her, and saw her, and she gave her another house, and the house of the priest.
8: 8 And he said unto them, Son of man, we are not burning; we are not in the furnace, and we are in the furnace, and we are the ones that are not in the house.
9: 8 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt see, and loathe the abominable, the evil of the wicked, when they are not, they have done nothing:
10: 8 And Abo came, and he saw this, and behold, it was all the sons of the tribe, that was in the land of the tribe, that was in the midst of it, and all the generations of the people, that the people of Israel had been saved from the law of the land, even unto the Kohir, Sabib, and Sabib,
11: 8 and Sba֣im A֣is Mzkn֣i Bֽit-i֠sral and Iazni֨ho Bn-sf֜n Am֤d Btocm֙ Amd֣im Lfnih֔m and A֥is Mktrt֖o Bid֑o and At֥r Anֽn-hkt֖rt Alֽh:
12: 8 and I֣amr Ali֮ Hra֣it Bn-adm֒ As֨r Zkn֤i Bֽit-isral֙ As֣im Bh֔sc A֖is Bhdr֣i Mscit֑o C֣i Amr֗im A֤in Ihoh֙ Ra֣h At֔no Az֥b Iho֖h At-haֽrtz:
13: 8 And he said unto her, Behold, thou shalt not be afraid; and thou shalt not see it; lo, thou loathe great things, and do great things that are done.
14: 8 And he brought it to me, to the house of the LORD, and to the gate of the house of Jehovah, behold, I will go down to the side of the wall, and behold, there shall be the children of the women, and they shall return to the house of the LORD.
15: 8 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt see the Son of Adam; but thou shalt not be afraid; and thou shalt see her, loathsome, loathsome, and exceedingly great.
16: 8 and Ib֣a At֗i Al-htz֣r Bit-ihoh֮ Hfnimit֒ and Hnh-f֜th Hic֣l Iho֗h B֤in Hֽaolm֙ and B֣in Hmzb֔h Casr֥im and Hms֖h A֑is Ah֨rih֜m Al-hic֤l Ihoh֙ and Fnih֣m K֔dmh and H֛mh Msthoit֥m K֖dmh Lsֽms:
17: 8 and I֣amr Ali֮ Hra֣it Bn-adm֒ Hnkl֙ Lb֣it Ihod֔h Mas֕ot At-htoab֖ot As֣r Aֽso-f֑h Cֽi-mla֨o At-ha֜rtz Hm֗s and Is֙bo֙ Lhcais֔ni and Hn֛m Slh֥im At-hzmor֖h Al-afֽm:
18: 8 And I also did not make a noise in the heat of the fire, but it was not in the heat of the eye, but the eyes of the men were not on the ground, and they cried out in my ears, and they turned away from them, and they turned away from them, and they did not go down.
‪xxxx  Chapter 9   (11 verses)‬
1: 9 And he cried out in the ear, saying, O Lord, the great, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty;
2: 9 and Hn֣h Ss֣h Ans֡im Ba֣im | Mdrc-s֨ar Hali֜on As֣r | Mfn֣h Tzf֗onh and A֨is Cl֤i Mftzo֙ Bid֔o and Ais-ah֤d Btocm֙ Lb֣s Bd֔im and K֥st Hsf֖r Bmtn֑io and Ib֙ao֙ and I֣amd֔o A֖tzl Mzb֥h Hnhֽst:
3: 9 and Cb֣od | Alh֣i Isra֗l Nalh֙ Ma֤l Hcrob֙ As֣r Hi֣h Al֔io A֖l Mft֣n Hb֑it and Ikr֗a Al-hais֙ Hlb֣s Hbd֔im As֛r K֥st Hsf֖r Bmtnֽio: S.
4: 9 I֤amr Ihoh֙ * Those ** Al֔io Abr֙ Bt֣oc Ha֔ir Bt֖oc Irֽosl֑m and Hto֨it T֜o Al-mtzh֣ot Hans֗im Hnֽanhim֙ and Hn֣ank֔im A֚l Cl-ht֣oab֔ot Hֽnas֖ot Btocֽh:
5: 9 And unto him, behold, thou shalt go down in the ears, and he shall speak unto him, and afterward he shall burn his anger, and he shall be with him; and he shall not be with thee, but with his eyes, and with his eyes.
6: 9 Zk֡n Bh֣or and Btolh֩ and T֨f and Ns֜im Thrg֣o Lmsh֗it and Al-cl-a֨is Asr-al֤io Hto֙ Al-tg֔so and Mmkds֖i Th֑lo and Ih֙lo֙ Bans֣im Hzkn֔im As֖r Lfn֥i Hbֽit:
7: 9 And it came to pass, that unto them were they not, that they had brought the children away, and that they had not taken possession of the trumpets, and that they had been burned, and they had not come out, and they had come out of it, and they had beaten them with fire.
8: 9 ֽihi֙ Chcot֔m and Nֽasa֖r A֑ni and Afl֨h Al-fn֜i and Aza֗k and ֽamr֙ Ahh֙ Adn֣i Iho֔h Hmsh֣it At֗h A֚t Cl-sar֣it Isra֔l Bsfcc֥ At-hmtc֖ Al-iroslֽm:
9: 9 and I֣amr Al֗i Aoֺ֨n Bֽit-isra֤l and ֽihodh֙ Gdol֙ Bma֣d Ma֔d and Tml֤a Ha֙rtz֙ Dm֔im and Ha֖ir Mla֣h Mt֑h C֣i Amr֗o Az֤b Ihoh֙ At-ha֔rtz and A֥in Iho֖h Raֽh:
10: 9 And they were not with me; they were not with us; and they were not with them, but with their heads, they were in their heads, but they were not with me.
11: 9 And there was the man, the man of the tribe, and the people of the tribe, the people of the land, the people of the land, and the people of the land, the land of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD,
‪xxxx  Chapter 10   (22 verses)‬
1: 10 And he saw it, and he gave it to the Ark of the Lord, and it came to pass, that the people of Arar, the son of Saphir, were burned down, as if it were the son of Sapir, and the fire was as he saw it, and it was not his strength, but he saw it, and he saw it, and carried it to them.
2: 10 I֜amr Al-ha֣is | Lb֣s Hbd֗im and I֡amr Ba֩ Al-bin֨ot Lglg֜l Al-t֣ht Lcr֗ob and Ml֨a Hfn֤ic Gֽhli-as֙ Mbin֣ot Lcrb֔im and Zr֖k Al-ha֑ir and Ib֖a Lainֽi:
3: 10 And the Cherubites were numbered, and they were numbered of them. There was no bread, but there was no bread, and there was no food; and they were full of wine, and the meat was covered with bread.
4: 10 And the LORD was in the presence of the LORD, and he was not in the midst of the threshing-floor, but the people of the tribe of Mavath, the captain of the tribe, were there, and he was full of them; and he brought them to the house of the LORD, and brought them to the land of Israel, and there was no greatness in them;
5: 10 And the people shall be like the wings of the cherubim, but they shall be put to death by the hand of the half-moon, which shall be as far as the south, as though they were in the midst of the earth, even in the wilderness of their midst.
6: 10 And he was in his commandment, and he brought the man to the house of the children of the tribe of Amor: the fire of the fire was in the midst of the children, and the children of the children of the children of Israel came to the house of the children of Israel, and they came to the mountains of Korob, and came to them, and they came to them, and they came to them.
7: 10 And he sent the threshing floor, and brought it forth to him, from the midst of the trees, to the bow of the fire, to the fire, which was in the midst of the children of the keruvim, and he brought them up, and brought them to the house of the son of Shaphan, so that the children of Judah took possession of them, and he took them away, and cut them off.
8: 10 And they came to Korob, but they were not built, but they were still in their hands, and they were in their hands.
9: 10 Ara֗h and Hn֨h Arba֣h Aofnim֮ A֣tzl Hcrobim֒ Aof֣n Ah֗d A֚tzl Hcr֣ob Ah֔d and Aof֣n Ah֔d A֖tzl Hcr֣ob Ah֑d and Mrah֙ Ha֣ofn֔im Ca֖in A֥bn Trsֽis:
10: 10 And from the house of the people of the house of the tribe of Abraham, they came to the land of the land of Israel, as they were, as they were, and they were the sons of the sons of the children.
11: 10 When you have come to them, you shall not be satisfied with them, but they will not be defeated; they will not turn away from you, but they will not be destroyed. But when the wickedness comes to an end, then the wicked will return, and the wicked will return to them, and they will not return to their land.
12: 10 And all their flesh, and their backs, and their hands, and their mouths, and their mouths, and their eyes, and their eyes, and their eyes, and their eyes, and their eyes.
13: 10 And the children of Israel came to them, but they were not the men of the land, but the Haggilites were in their ears.
14: 10 And four hundred and fifty, and so on, to the brother, and to the children, and to the children, and to the children, and to the four hundred, and to the four hundred.
15: 10 And they said unto him, Thou shalt not return: behold, the living is that which I see, and I see it in the nostrils of the furnace.
16: 10 And when thou hast come to the house of the cherubim, they shall not be crucified, but they shall be ashamed of them, and they shall bring them together, and they shall bring their wings to the ground, but they shall not go down, but the land shall not be oppressed, neither shall they be oppressed, neither shall they be saved from their power.
17: 10 When they were young, they went out, and rebelled against them, and they rose up to death, but they were still alive, because they were alive, and they were there.
18: 10 And the people of the tribe of Judah went out, saying, "Behold, thou shalt go out of the house of the LORD, and bring them forth, and let them go down to the house of the cherubim."
19: 10 Isa֣o Hcrob֣im At-c֠nfihm and Ir֨omo Mn-ha֤rtz Laini֙ Btzat֔m and Haֽofn֖im Lamt֑m and ֽiam֗d F֣th S֤ar Bit-ihoh֙ Hkdmon֔i and Cb֧od Alhֽi-isra֛l Alih֖m Mlmֽalh:
20: 10 Behold, the life is my life: I am as a wife, and I saw it, and I saw it, and I saw God, and the people of Israel were in the midst of it, and I saw it, and I was afraid of it, because it was terrible.
21: 10 Arba'a, Arba'a, the son of Phineam, the son of David, and the captain of the tribe, and the people of the tribe of David, and the children of Judah, the children of Israel, and the people of Israel.
22: 10 And the face of the face of them is the face of the LORD, but the face of the fire is as it is, I saw it, and I saw it, and the people saw it, so that they saw it, and saw it, and when they were there, they were still alive, and their faces were broken.
‪xxxx  Chapter 11   (25 verses)‬
1: 11 and Ts֨a At֜i R֗oh and Tb֣a A֠ti Al-s֨ar Bit-iho֤h Hkdmoni֙ Hfon֣h Kd֔imh and Hnh֙ Bf֣th Hs֔ar Asr֥im and Hms֖h A֑is and Ara֨h Btoc֜m At-iazni֧h Bn-az֛r and At-flti֥ho Bn-bni֖ho Sr֖i Haֽm: P.
2: 11 And he said unto them, Son of man, are they not, the men are the men of the grasshopper, but they are not, and they are the children of the land, and the people of the land of the land,
2: 11 They said, "Behold, they are not cold, but they are in the house, and they are in mourning." "They are the birds, and we are the ones who have given us food."
4:11 For thus they brought up their children, because they were born, they were sons of men.
5: 11 And the king of Judah came upon him, and he said unto him, Behold, I am saying unto thee, I say unto thee, O God, behold, I am saying unto thee, O LORD, I have spoken unto thee, saying, I am saying unto thee, Behold, thou shalt be afraid of me, and I will not be afraid.
6: 11 Thou hast multiplied them, that hath taken them away, because of the brightness of this land, and the fullness of them, which is the breadth of the earth.
7: 11 For they are like this, saying, O Lord, I pray thee, O LORD, I will give thee peace, and I will give you the name of the LORD, and I will give you the name of the LORD, and I will give you the gift of the LORD.
8: 11 And when the LORD saw them, they saw them, and they went back to the house, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they returned to them.
9:11 And I will bring you to you, and I will give you a gift, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you in the hand of the stranger, and I will do it to you, because they will judge the LORD.
10: 11 In the midst of the multitude, thou shalt bring up against them, and the people of Israel shall be filled with their captivity, and they shall be put to death, and their knowledge shall be given to them, because I am not with you, O LORD,
11: 11 Thou shalt not go into thine eyes, but thou shalt be cursed, and thou shalt not be thine, but thou shalt not be in thy house, but unto the flesh, unto the mighty, the voice of Israel shall be like unto Eshpat, and thou shalt not see them.
12: 11 And I know that I am the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord.
13: 11 ֽihi֙ Chn֣ba֔i and Flti֥ho Bn-bni֖h M֑t and Af֨l Al-fn֜i and Aza֣k Kol-gd֗ol and Amr֙ Ahh֙ Adn֣i Iho֔h Clh֙ At֣h As֔h A֖t Sar֥it Israֽl: P.
14: 11 And he said, Speak unto me, O LORD, I pray thee;
15: 11 Bn-ad֗m Ah֤ic Ah֙ic֙ Ans֣i Galt֔c and Cl-b֥it Isra֖l Cl֑h Asr֩ Amr֨o Lh֜m Isb֣i Irosl֗m Rֽhko֙ Ma֣l Iho֔h L֥no H֛ia Ntn֥h Ha֖rtz Lmorsֽh: S.
16: 11 For this is the truth of the truth, that is, the word of the Lord, that is, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
17: 11 Lc֣n Am֗r Cֽh-amr֮ Adn֣i Ihoh֒ and Kbtzt֤i Atcm֙ Mn-h֣am֔im and Asft֣i Atc֔m Mn-h֣artz֔ot As֥r Nftzot֖m Bh֑m and Ntt֥i Lc֖m At-adm֥t Israֽl:
18:11 And they were afraid of all their lusts, and all their lusts, and all their love, and of them;
19: 11 And I gave them to them, and they returned to them, and they returned to them, and they returned to them in the midst of them, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they returned to them, and they returned to them, and they returned to their land, and they returned to their land.
20:11 For the sake of the people of Israel, in the Law of the Law, ye shall not judge them, and they shall keep their judgments, and they shall keep them, and they shall do them with them, and they shall be with them, and they shall be with them, and I will be with them.
21: 11 And unto the Levites, their sackcloth, and their lusts, but their hearts, are they not in thy way, but in their heads, they have been given, and they have given up their favor, O Lord, O LORD!
22: 11 And they lifted up the cherubim, and lifted up their wings, and they came to them, and they returned to their house, and they went to the house of God, and the people of Israel went up to them, and carried them to their tents.
23: 11 And he went up to the house of David, saying, O LORD, I pray thee, thou shalt go up, and thou shalt not be afraid; and I will go up against it; for I will not go down to the land of Israel.
24: 11 And I saw that the woman had married me, and she brought me to the house of Hagul, because she saw her in the house of the LORD, the God of God, and he was afraid of me, because I was afraid of him, but I saw her, as I saw her, seeing my eyes.
25: 11 And I will be glad to go into the land, and I will go to all the things of the word of the LORD, O LORD, I will give up the land of the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 12   (28 verses)‬
1: 12 And it came to pass, the word of the LORD came to me, saying unto me, Behold, I am not afraid.
2: 12 Son of Adam, daughter of Bethu, the daughter of Mehamari, the woman of the tribe of Asheth, whose eyes are the eyes of the women; they are not afraid to see them; and they are not seeing; they are the ones who feed them; they are not for them, but they are the ones who have been put to death, and they have not yet taken their oaths, because they have been bitter.
3: 12 And behold, son of Adon, they did unto thee, so as to them all, they came to them, and they were exalted, and they were numbered among them, and they came to them, and they were exiled from your place, and they came to them, and to them, to them, to them, and to them, to them, to them, and to them, to them, to them, to them;
4: 12 And thou shalt bring forth all thy things, so that all of them may be exalted, and they shall be put to death, and they shall be filled with them: and thou shalt not be satisfied with them, because they shall not be filled with them, but as they have done, they shall not go away.
5: 12 To her eyes, when thy line is in the furnace, and thou shalt bring forth the fruit of it.
6: 12 To them we will bring them to the house of the king, and he shall lift up the land of Baalatte, and he will give him the land of the land, and the land of the land shall be destroyed, and the land shall be destroyed.
7: 12 A֣as Cn֮ Cas֣r Tzoiti֒ C֠li Hotz֜ati Ccl֤i Golh֙ Iom֔m and Ba֛rb Htֽrti-l֥i Bk֖ir Bi֑d Balt֥h Hotz֛ati Al-ct֥f Ns֖ati Lainihֽm: P.
8: 12 And he said, "Speak to me, O son of Israel, to me, O son of the son of Abraham."
9: 12 Son of Adam, he said unto him, Say, Behold, I am not thy God; but I will not bring thee into the house; but I will come to the house of the LORD, and thou shalt not be satisfied.
10: 12 Amuar, unto whom is it, that is, the mother of the children of Adonai? Jehovah is the son of the women of the land, and this is the land of the land, and of the land of the land of Israel, and of the land of Israel, and of the land of the land of Israel.
11: 12 Am I the king of Israel? Who is the king of Israel? Why did he not do that? Why did he do that? Why did they not come to the house, but they returned?
12: 12 Hns֨ia Asr-btoc֜m Al-ct֤f Isa֙ Balt֣h and Itz֔a Bk֥ir Ihtr֖o Lh֣otzia B֑o Fn֣io Ics֔h I֗an As֨r La-ira֥h La֛in [c] H֖oa At-haֽrtz:
13: 12 And he broke up his inheritance with his wife; and he turned to him, and went into the field of the tabernacle; and he brought it to him; and he brought it to him, and in the midst of it came the tree of the sea, and it came to him, and it came to him, and it was not seen, and he saw it.
14: 12 And all the women of Israel were gathered together, and they were with them, so that they might come to them, and all the vessels of the land would come to them, and all the rest of the land would be destroyed.
15: 12 And he knew that it was because I was with them, the LORD, because they had brought them to death, because they had come to them, and they had been put to death, but they were not in their land.
16: 12 Hotrt֤i Mhm֙ Ans֣i Msf֔r Mh֖rb Mra֣b and Md֑br Lm֨an Isfr֜o At-cl-toabֽotih֗m Bgoim֙ Asr-b֣ao S֔m and Ida֖o Cֽi-an֥i Ihoֽh: P.
17: 12 And it came to pass, that the word of the LORD came unto me, that I might not be reproached.
18: 12 Behold, your son, your servant, is in the midst of thy bread, and thou shalt eat the water of thy land, and it shall be in the grain of the earth, and it shall be his bread.
19: 12 Amrt֣ Al-a֣m Ha֡rtz Cֽh-amr֩ Adn֨i Iho֜h Liosb֤i Irosl֙m֙ Al-adm֣t Isra֔l Lhmm֙ Bdag֣h Iac֔lo and Mֽimih֖m Bsmm֣on Ist֑o Lm֜an Ts֤m Artzh֙ Mmla֔h Mhm֖s Cֽl-hisb֥im Bֽh:
20: 12 And the cities shall be destroyed, and there shall be no burning in the land, and the land shall be desolate, and it shall be given to them, and it shall be given to them, and they shall be given to them.
21: 12 And it came to pass, that the word of the LORD came unto me, that I might not believe it.
22: 12 Son of Adam, who is the king of the land, hath taken this, that is, the land of the LORD, even unto the LORD, the LORD of Israel, the LORD of the Universe, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and all the people of the land.
23: 12 Lc֞n Am֣r Alih֗m Cֽh-amr֮ Adn֣i Ihoh֒ Hsb֙ti֙ At-hms֣l Hz֔h and Lֽa-imsl֥o At֛o A֖od Bisra֑l C֚i Am-db֣r Alih֔m Kֽrbo֙ Him֔im and Db֖r Cl-hzֽon:
24: 12 When the LORD came to him, he said unto them, Behold, all the children of the children of Israel were killed, and the children of the children of Israel were killed, and the children of the children of Israel were destroyed.
25: 12 C֣i | An֣i Iho֗h Adbr֙ At֩ As֨r Adb֤r Dbr֙ and I֣as֔h L֥a Tms֖c A֑od C֣i Bֽimic֞m B֣it Hm֗ri Adb֤r Dbr֙ and Asit֔io Na֖m Adn֥i Ihoֽh: P.
26: 12 And he said unto him, Speak unto me, O LORD, I pray thee;
27: 12 Son of Adam, they are the children of Israel, and they are not, they are not the children of Hazon, but they are the children of Hazon, who have not been married to the Jews, but they have not been afraid.
28: 12 For this is the truth that I have given unto her, but she said, O Lord, I am with you, O LORD, O Jehovah, I am not yet full of thy word, but all my word is, I will judge the LORD, and I will judge the LORD, and I will be with you.
‪xxxx  Chapter 13   (23 verses)‬
1: 13 And he said, Speak unto me, O LORD, I pray thee, O God, be faithful.
2:13 13 Son of Adam, they brought unto the children of Israel, and the people of Israel were brought forth, and they came to them, and they were not raised, but they were brought up, and they were not afraid of them, but they heard them, saying, 'O God, speak to me.'
2:13 Thus saith the Lord, O Lord, be with me, O Jehovah, O God, I pray thee, O people of the prophets, the wicked, the oppressors, the wicked, the wicked, the mighty, the mighty, the merciful, and the mighty;
4:13 As soon as they are in the morning, they shall bring forth your children, and they shall be raised;
5:13 Lo, the king of Israel, is not in the midst of the earth, and he is glorified and oppressed, and the children of Israel shall rise up against the soldiers in battle, because they are in their midst, the LORD is their God.
6:13 13 And behold, there was a scepter, a scepter, a scepter, and a scepter, a man of valor, a man of valor, a man of valor, a man of valor;
7: 13 And behold, I am the Lord of the worlds, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
8: 13 For this is what the Lord has said, O Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord!
9: 13 Hit֣h Id֗i Aֽl-hnbia֞im Hhz֣im Soa֮ and Hksm֣im Czb֒ Bs֧od Am֣i Lֽa-ihi֗o and Bct֤b Bֽit-isral֙ L֣a Ict֔bo and Al-adm֥t Isra֖l L֣a Ib֑ao and Idat֕m C֥i An֖i Adn֥i Ihoֽh:
10: 13 Thou shalt not let the people go astray: for they are not wicked, neither of them, nor of them, but of them, and of them, and of them, and of the children of the children of Israel, and of their own children,
11: 13 Thou shalt not go down to the sea, but thou shalt be filled with water, and it shall be filled with water: and it shall come to pass, and it shall be full of rain, and it shall come to pass, and it shall come to pass.
12: 13 And here is Naphtal the kaekir, who is the LORD, that is, I am the LORD, and I will bring you to the land of Israel.
13:13 13 For this reason, he said, O Lord, I am with you, O LORD, and I will come to you, O LORD, and I will come to you, and I will be with you, and I will go to the house of the LORD.
14:13 And I will bring you the horns, which I have given to you, and you will not be afraid, and I will bring you down to the land, and you will be saved from it, and I will destroy it, and they will be destroyed, and you will be destroyed, because they are in their midst, and you shall know them, because they are not selfish, but Jehovah is their God.
15: 13 And I took the bread with my bread, and put it in the oven, and put it away, and poured it out, and poured it out, and poured it out to you, so that it was not cold, and that it was not hot, but it was hot with bread.
16: 13 And the children of Israel were brought up, and the people of the tribe of Israel came to them.
17:13 And behold, they are sons of Adam; they have turned away from you, and they are not with you, but your sons are with you; they are the people of the tribe, and they are the prophets.
18: 13 Amrt֞ Ch-am֣r | Adn֣i Iho֗h Hoi֩ Lֽmtfr֨ot Cst֜ot A֣l | Cl-atzil֣i Id֗i and As֧ot Hmsfh֛ot Al-r֥as Cl-kom֖h Ltzod֣d Nfs֑ot Hnfsot֙ Ttzod֣dnh Lam֔i and Nfs֖ot Lc֥nh Thiֽinh:
19: 13 Thll֨nh [1] At֜i Al-am֗i Bsal֣i Sarim֮ and Bft֣oti Lhm֒ Lhm֤it Nfsot֙ As֣r Lֽa-tmot֔nh and Lhi֥ot Nfs֖ot As֣r La-tֽhi֑inh Bc֨zbc֔m Lam֖i Sma֥i Czֽb: S.
20: 13 Lc֞n Ch-am֣r | Adn֣i Iho֗h Hnn֤i Al-cstotic֙nh֙ As֣r A֠tnh Mtzdd֨ot S֤m At-hnfsot֙ Lf֣rh֔ot and Krat֣i At֔m Ma֖l Zroaֽtic֑m and Slhti֙ At-hnfs֔ot As֥r At֛m Mtzdd֥ot At-nfs֖im Lfrhֽt:
Num 21:13 And you shall bring the people of Israel together, and they shall be crucified, and you shall take away My people, and they shall be given to you, and they shall not be with you, but they shall be in your hands, and they shall be gathered together, and you shall know them.
22: 13 Thou shalt not give it to the righteous, nor to the wicked, nor to the wicked, nor to the man, nor to the father, nor to the man, nor to the man, but to him, to him, and to him, and to his life, and to his life.
23:13 13 For this is what I have done, and I have not seen it, and it is not a curse, nor is it any more, but the people have been saved, and you have taken my people away from Mehdekan, and you have known them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 14   (23 verses)‬
1: 14 And the children of Israel came to me, and the people of Israel came to Miznah, and the people of Israel were there, and they returned to the land of Israel.
2: 14 And there came to me a word of the LORD, saying, 'Behold, I am not a believer.'
3:14 Son of Adam, they are the men, and they are the ones, the people of the world, the people of Galilee, their rulers, the people of the Levites, and the people of the land of Israel.
4: 14 Lc֣n Dbr-a֠otm and Amrt֨ Alih֜m Ch-am֣r | Adn֣i Iho֗h A֣is A֣is Mb֣it Isra֡l Asr֩ Ial֨h At-glol֜io Al-lb֗o and Mcs֤ol Aoֺno֙ Isim֙ N֣ch Fn֔io and B֖a Al-hnb֑ia An֣i Iho֗h Nan֧iti L֦o * a ** B֖a Br֥b Glolֽio:
5:14 For the sake of the people of Israel, I have brought the children of Israel into the midst of their hearts, but I have not forgotten them, yet I am not afraid of them, nor of them, nor of them, nor of them.
6: 14 For this is true, I am the son of the daughter of Israel, and I will not go down to her, but I will say to her, O Lord, that is, O LORD, that is, the Son of God, and the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the Universe, and of them all, and of them all, and of all their hearts, and of them,
7: 14 Ci֩ A֨is A֜is Mb֣it Isra֗l and Mhgr֮ Asr-ig֣or Bisral֒ and Inz֣r Mֽahr֗i and I֤al Glolio֙ Al-lb֔o and Mcs֣ol Aoֺn֔o Is֖im N֣ch Fn֑io and B֤a Al-hnbia֙ Ldrs-l֣o B֔i An֣i Iho֔h Nֽanh-l֖o Bֽi:
8: 14 And I will give you a gift, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
9:14 And the sons of Israel, the children of the tribe of Yiputah, were born; and the LORD spoke to them, saying, "I am the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD."
10: 14 And they went up, and went up, and they were with them, and they went to the house of the LORD, and they said to him,
11: 14 L֠man Lֽa-ita֨o A֤od Bֽit-isral֙ Maֽhr֔i and Lֽa-itma֥o A֖od Bcl-fsaih֑m and H֥io L֣i La֗m and ֽani֙ Ahi֤h Lhm֙ Lֽalh֔im Na֖m Adn֥i Ihoֽh: P.
12: 14 And there came to me the word of the LORD, saying, Behold, I am not worthy of reproach.
13: 14 Bn-ad֗m A֚rtz C֤i Thta-li֙ Lmal-m֔al and Nt֤iti Idi֙ Al֔ih and Sb֥rti L֖h Mth-l֑hm and Hslhti-b֣h Ra֔b and Hcrt֥i Mm֖nh Ad֥m and Bhmֽh:
14: 14 And, behold, the men of the tribe of Israel were there, and they were in the midst of thee, behold, they were in the midst of the house of the LORD, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
15: 14 To my father, I live in the land of Israel, and I will not be afraid of the land, nor shall I be ashamed of you, nor shall I be afraid of you; but I will not be afraid of you; I will go away from you, and I will live with you.
16: 14 And these three men were not ashamed; they were in the midst of thee, for I was alive, and I was with them, that they were worthy of the LORD, and they were with me, and the sons of the sons of Israel, and the sons of the sons of Israel, and the sons of the sons of Israel, and the sons of the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the land of the land of Israel.
17: 14 A man said to her, "I am the father of the father of Israel, who is against this land, and she is saying: 'Behold, I will be with you in the land, and you shall be cut off from me, because they are not their servants, but they are in their midst.'"
18: 14 And the men of the men were ashamed; they were not in the midst of thee, for I was alive, and I was born, and the LORD had given birth to me: the LORD, behold, they were not;
19:14 And the people of the land of Israel were destroyed because of this land, which is the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, which are in their midst, to be destroyed, because they were not in their midst, and they were in their midst.
20: 14 And the son of David, the son of Daniel, went to the house of the king of Israel, and the LORD loved him, and said unto him, Behold, I am with thee, O LORD, that I may be with thee;
21: 14 Ci֩ C֨h Am֜r Adn֣i Iho֗h A֣f Cֽi-arb֣at Sft֣i | Hra֡im H֠rb and Ra֞b and Hi֤h Rah֙ and D֔br Sl֖hti Al-irosl֑m Lhcr֥it Mm֖nh Ad֥m and Bhmֽh:
22: 14 Hn֨h Nֽotrh-b֜h Flt֗h Hֽmotzaim֮ Bn֣im and Bnot֒ Hnm֙ Iotza֣im Alic֔m and Rait֥m At-drc֖m and At-alֽilot֑m and Nhmt֗m Al-hֽrah֙ As֤r Hb֙ati֙ Al-ir֣osl֔m A֛t Cl-as֥r Hb֖ati Alֽih:
23: 14 And you shall have mercy on them, because they are not afraid to see their ways, and their greatness, and their knowledge, because they are not, but they are the sons of Hanan, because they have done all the things that I have done to them, so that they have become worthy of them. Amen.
‪xxxx  Chapter 15   (8 verses)‬
1: 15 And he said unto him, Speak unto me, O LORD, I pray thee;
2:15 The son of Adam, who is the king of the Haggadah, is the king of all the birds of Zamor, who is the wife of Asher, who is in the midst of the land of Israel.
3: 15 And he shall be ashamed of him; and he shall not do any thing; but he shall take it, and he shall not take it, but he shall be taken away from him, and he shall be put to death, and all his things shall be upon him.
4: 15 Behold, I have given unto thee, that thou hast given to the food, that thou hast eaten, that I may be consumed, that I may eat it, that the fire is gone, and that it shall be done to him, that it may be hot, and it shall not be easy for me to eat it.
5: 15 Behold, there is no god in the world, that is, ye shall not be filled; for it is not possible for them to eat; for it is not for me, but for food, food, and food, for it is for them to eat, and it is not for them to eat.
6: 15 For this is what the Lord has said, the Lord is the LORD, the Lord of the Haggadah, the son of Haggai the son of Levi, the son of Haggai, the son of Asher, who gave him to him to eat, and to eat it, so that they brought the people of Israel to rest.
7:15 And I put my face down before them, because they were afraid of them, and they were afraid of them, and they were afraid of them, and they were afraid of them, and they were afraid of them, so that I might be afraid of them, because they were in their midst.
8: 15 And I brought the people of the land, which was named for them, and they came out of them, saying, 'Come up, I pray thee;
‪xxxx  Chapter 16   (63 verses)‬
1: 16 And he said unto them, Speak unto me, O LORD, be unto me;
2: 16 Son of Adam, he hath set off Jeruselam, and he hath taken away his love.
And I said unto you, Behold, I am the LORD, O LORD, the LORD, and the LORD, and the LORD, and the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
4:16 And your children, I am with you, O nation, and I will send you to the house, and I will not be with you, because your servant is in you, and you are not in the land, nor are you in the land, but you are thirsty for the hundredth time. And I will not go to the house of the LORD, nor will I be circumcised.
5:16 I am not afraid to do anything to you, but to you, I have sent you to the king of Israel, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
6:16 And I will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will come to you in the midst of your life.
7: 16 And I will multiply thee, and I will give thee strength: and I will multiply thee, and thou shalt raise great things: and thou shalt not be with me in the everlasting day.
8: 16 Aab֨r Al֜ic and Ara֗c and Hn֤h Atc֙ A֣t Dd֔im and Afr֤s Cnfi֙ Al֔ic and Acs֖h Arot֑c and As֣bֽa L֠c and Ab֨oa Bbr֜it At֗c Na֛m Adn֥i Iho֖h and T֥hii Lֽi:
9: 16 And I will bring thee into the land, and thou shalt go astray, but it shall come to pass away from thee, and thy throne shall be upon thee, even in the wilderness of fat.
10: 16 And I will clothe thee, and I will rejoice in thee, and thou shalt be ashamed of thy flesh, and I will gather thee in thy flesh;
11: 16 And I will make you a covenant with you, and you shall fast on your hands, and on your hands shall go up against your neighbor.
12: 16 And you, behold, I will bring you up against your nose, and round up your eyes on your ears, and thy feet shall be with you, and you shall be in the house of your head.
13: 16 Tad֞i Zh֣b and C֗sf and Mlbosc֙ * Friday ** S֤s and M֙si֙ and Rkm֔h S֧lt and Db֛s and S֖mn * ** Ac֑lt ate and T֙ifi֙ Bma֣d Ma֔d and ֽttzlh֖i Lmlocֽh:
14: 16 And it came to pass, that your children were coming to them, that they had come to them, and that they were coming to you, so that I might go to the house of the LORD, so that I might go to the house of the LORD.
15: 16 And I promised you, in your eyes, that I might be thirsty for your own sake, and I will put my hand over all your wrath.
16:16 And thou shalt be taken away from Me, and I will go in thy ways;
17: 16 And thou shalt take it, all of it; and thou shalt not be afraid of the gold of gold. And I will add to my cup, and I will give it to you, and I will do it to you, and do it to me, and I will do it to you.
18: 16 And you have taken the children of your children, and I have given them to you, and I have given them strength, and I have given them strength, and I have given them to you.
19: 16 And my bread, which I have given to you, is not a slob, nor a fat woman, and I have been ashamed of you, and I have given you bread, and I have given it to you, so that I may give it to them, and I will give it to them, and I will return to it.
20:16 And thou shalt take your sons, and thy sons, and the children of the children, even as they are young, and the children of the children of Israel shall return to them, and they shall not be sacrificed, neither shall they be sacrificed.
21: 16 And the children of Shehata brought up their sons, and they gave them bread in the fire, and they gave them bread to them.
22: 16 And all the tavings shall come to you, and I will remember you, and I will remember you. I remembered: Remember, I will remember you, and I will remember you, and I will remember you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and you shall be satisfied with them.
23:16 And there was another man, after all, I was afraid of you: but I said unto you, Behold, I have given you hope, but I am with you, O LORD!
24: 16 And I will build unto thee thy strength, and do unto thy vineyard, and it shall be in all the wind.
25: 16 To all the children of Israel, the Lord of the sons of Israel, have mercy on you, so that you may go to the house of the LORD, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength.
26: 16 And thou shalt prostrate unto me the children of Israel, that is, of Nazareth: for thy neighbor is great, and that thou shalt multiply, and multiply thy wrath unto thee, to make me angry.
27: 16 And here I am, my son, and I am your son, and I will raise you up, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength.
28: 16 And I was fed up with a son-in-law, but I was not ashamed of you, but you were not satisfied, and you were thirsty, and their anger was not restored.
29: 16 And he multiplied the wine, and brought it to thee, as though it were in the midst of the land, and as it was in the land, and it was not in the land;
30: 16 What is the meaning of the word of the Lord, that is, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God.
31: 16 In your children, thy mighty face is in the midst of all thy power, and I have made you strong: I have done as much as I can in the wind, and I have not been able to eat it, nor have I ever given it to you.
32:16 The woman is the manna, the daughter of the woman; she is the wife of the man; she is the one who has taken away the stranger.
33: 16 To all the children of Israel we gave our hands, and you gave up the land, so that you may return to all of them, and they will return to you, and you will be honored, because you will not be able to return to them, because they are not from you, because you are in the midst of adultery.
34: 16 And there was your daughter, your wives from the women, and in you, and in the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the sons of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the sons of Israel.
35: 16 For these are the words of the Lord, hear the words of the Lord.
36: 16 Cֽh-am֞r Adn֣i Iho֗h I֣an Hsf֤c Nhstc֙ and Tgl֣h Arot֔c Btznot֖ic Al-mahb֑ic and Al֙ Cl-glol֣i Toabot֔ic and Cdm֣i Bn֔ic As֥r Nt֖t Lhֽm:
37: 16 L֠cn Hnn֨i Mkb֤tz At-cl-mahb֙ic֙ As֣r Ar֣bt Alih֔m and At֙ Cl-as֣r Ah֔bt A֖l Cl-as֣r Sn֑at and Kbtzti֩ At֨m Al֜ic Msb֗ib and Glit֤i Arotc֙ Alh֔m and Ra֖o At-cl-arotֽc:
38: 16 And your judgments are in judgment, and they are the people of the Lord, and they have given you the power of their Lord, and have given you their power, because they have been hot, and have become jealous.
39: 16 Ntt֨i Aot֜c Bid֗m and Hrs֤o Gbc֙ and Nttz֣o Rmt֔ic and Hfs֤ito Aotc֙ Bgd֔ic and Lkh֖o Cl֣i Tfart֑c and Hnih֖oc Air֥m and Ariֽh:
40: 16 And I will go up to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you in the midst of your children.
41: 16 And I will not let you go, and I will make you into judgment, and they will not be in your sight: for men are many, and your captivity is great, and I am not satisfied with them.
42: 16 And I will put down my bread, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
43: 16 I֗an As֤r Lֽa- I remembered ** Zcrt֙ At-im֣i Naor֔ic and Trgzi-l֖i Bcl-a֑lh and Gm-an֨i H֜a Drc֣c | Br֣as Nt֗ti Nam֙ Adn֣i Iho֔h and L֤a * ** Asit֙ At-hzm֔h did A֖l Cl-toabtֽic:
44: 16 And all the flesh was upon him, and he went up to the house of Amor;
45: 16 The daughter of your mother, how are you, the wife of her father, her son, her son, her children, and her brothers? I have been married to you, and I have been married to you, and I have been married to you, and I have been waiting for you for a long time.
46: 16 And I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
47: 16 And behold, in the house of the Lord, thou shalt not go down, and thou shalt not go, but thou shalt not go, but I do not; thou shalt do nothing, but thou shalt not give it to me, nor give it to me in thy hand.
48: 16 The life of my children was fulfilled, and my lord, my lord, was with me, and I was with you.
49: 16 Behold, behold, they are the people of Israel; they are the ones that have been married to the LORD, and they are the seven of them, for they have been married, and they have turned away from the sackcloth, and they have given it to them, and their hearts are in it, and their hands are with me, and their hearts are not with them.
50: 16 And Thou shalt steal her bread, and thou shalt make a loathsome thing, that is before the face: and thou shalt give it to me, as if it were not seen, I saw it.
51: 16 S֣mr֔on Chtz֥i Htat֖ic L֣a Ht֑ah and Trb֤i At-toabot֙ic֙ Mh֔nh and Ttzdki֙ At- * sister Ahot֔ic Bcl-toabot֖ic As֥r ** * ** Asֽit: done
52: 16 Gm-a֣t | Sa֣i Clmt֗c As֤r Fllt֙ Lֽahot֔c Bhtat֛ic Asr-hta֥bt Mh֖n Ttzd֣knh Mm֑c and Gm-a֥t B֙osi֙ and Sa֣i Clmt֔c Btzdkt֖c Ahiotֽc:
53: 16 And I will return to the house of the captivity, so that thou shalt see the house, the house of the sabbath, the scepter, and the children of the house, and the house, and the house of the children of the children, and the captivity, and the captivity of the captivity, and thy presence in thy kingdom,
54: 16 For the sake of the Lord, thou shalt bear thy burden, and thou shalt be consumed; and thou shalt die. [V] I have done as I have done, but I do not have a son.
55: 16 And their families, and their families, and their sons, are they, and they are the sons of the sons of Israel, and they are the children of Israel, and they are the children of Israel, and the children of Israel are the sons of Israel, and they are the children of Israel; and the children of Israel are numbered among them, and they are the sons of Israel.
56: 16 And, behold, they were the ones that were numbered among them; they were the ones that made you captive; they were not in your mouth, because they were in your mouth, because they were great.
57: 16 Behold, Thou shalt not rejoice; but thy wickedness shall be like the wickedness of the children of Aram, and all the captivity thereof shall be in them, and the sons of the Pharisees shall die, and the women of the tribe shall die;
58: 16 Thou shalt bring forth thy love, and ye shall bear witness: ye shall bear witness;
59: 16 And when I said, I said, O Lord, I am with you, O LORD, and I have done thee, and I have done thee, as thou hast done, that I have done, that I have not despised the house of the LORD;
60: 16 And you shall remember, I will bring you the covenant of the LORD, and I will bring you back to you, and I will raise you up, and I will rise up to you, and I will return to you in the wilderness.
61: 16 Zc֣rt At-drcic֮ and Nclmt֒ Bkht֗c At-ahot֙ic֙ Hgdl֣ot Mm֔c Al-hktn֖ot Mm֑c and Ntt֨i Ath֥n L֛c Lbn֖ot and L֥a Mbritֽc:
62: 16 And I will rise up, and I will bring you forth, and I will bring you to you, and I will return to you, because I am with you.
63: 16 For the sake of the memory of my memory, behold, it is not, but it is not, but it is not, but it is not for you, but for the people of Israel, and for the people of Israel, for all your people are in your hands, for all the people of Israel have done.
‪xxxx  Chapter 17   (24 verses)‬
1: 17 And he said unto him, Speak unto me, O LORD, I pray thee;
2:17 And Ben-Adham, the son of David the son of Hadad, went down and went down to the house of the Israelites.
3: 17 Amrt֞ Ch-am֣r | Adn֣i Iho֗h Hn֤sr Hgdol֙ Gd֤ol Hcnf֙im֙ A֣rc Ha֔br Mla֙ Hnotz֔h Asr-l֖o Hֽrkm֑h B֚a Al-hlbn֔on and Ik֖h At-tzm֥rt Haֽrz:
4:17 17 And the chief of the tribe of Shesh, his sons, and his children, were young, and he brought him up, and brought him to the land of Canaan, so that he could see the land of the LORD.
5:17 And he took the commandment of the house of the LORD, and he gave it to him, in the field of the land of the wilderness, and there was a great multitude in the land.
6: 17 Itzm֡h and Ihi֩ Lg֨fn Sr֜ht Sfl֣t Kom֗h Lfn֤ot Dliotio֙ Al֔io and Srs֖io Tht֣io Iֽhi֑o and Th֣i Lg֔fn and T֣as Bd֔im and Tsl֖h Farֽot:
7: 17 Ih֤i Nֽsr-ahd֙ Gd֔ol Gd֥ol Cnf֖im and Rb-notz֑h and Hnh֩ Hg֨fn Hz֜at Cֽfn֧h Srs֣ih Al֗io and Dֽliotio֙ Slhh-l֔o Lhsk֣ot Aot֔h Marg֖ot Mtaֽh:
8: 17 Do not be afraid of them, for they are great; but they are the ones who have transgressed; for they have done a great thing, and they have given them to me, and I have given them to the children of the LORD.
9: 17 Am֗r C֥h Am֛r Adn֥i Iho֖h Ttzl֑h Hloa֩ At-srs֨ih Int֜k and At-fri֣h | Ikos֣s and Ib֗s Cl-trf֤i Tzmhh֙ Tib֔s and Lֽa-bzr֤a Gdolh֙ and Bam-r֔b Lmsa֥ot Aot֖h Msrsֽih:
10: 17 And it is the hope of the wife, that thou hast made a joy, that is, as in the morning of the morning, the morning of the morning of the morning, the morning of the morning, the morning of the morning, the morning of the morning, the morning of the morning, the morning of the morning of the morning.
11: 17 And it came to pass, that the word of the LORD said unto me, Come, let me not be glorified.
12: 17 Amr-na֙ Lb֣it Hm֔ri Hl֥a Idat֖m Mh-a֑lh Am֗r Hnh-b֨a Mֽlc-bb֤l Irosl֙m֙ and Ik֤h At-mlch֙ and At-sr֔ih and Ib֥a Aot֛m Al֖io Bbֽlh:
13:17 And he took the commandment of the king of the king, and he brought him up with him, and brought him to him, and he brought him to the house of Elah, and to Elijah, the land of Lachkah.
14: 17 To him shall there be a kingdom of God, that is, a tribe, that is, a tribe, that is, a tribe, and a tribe, not a city;
15:17 And he went down to his own ways, and he brought him to Mizrahim, and he went to the house of the king, and the people of the tribe of Israel were victorious, and the people of Israel were destroyed, and the people of Israel were destroyed, and the land was destroyed, and the land was destroyed.
16: 17 My life, I am a prophet, I am a witness to you, O Lord, where is the LORD? Where is your place? And what is your name? How is your nation? What is your name? What is your name? What is your name? What is your name? What is your name? What is your name? Is it possible for you to live in a nation?
17:17 And he did not die in the midst of the greatness of his strength, and he cried with greatness, and he turned away from him, saying, "Behold, I will go out to you in the midst of your battle, and I will go to you in peace, and I will not be able to destroy you, and I will not be afraid of you."
18: 17 And behold, Ela, the son of Abraham, was born in Galilee, and there was a son, and his son was his father, and his father was all that he had done.
19: 17 For this is the truth of the Lord, the Lord is my God, the LORD is my God, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will not be with you.
20:17 And he broke up with him, and went up to him, and he turned away from him, and went to the house of the tribe of Mordecai, and brought him into the house, and brought him to him, and begged him, and said unto him, Behold, they have gone astray, and I will not go down.
21:17 And all the people of his people, flee from his spirit, and in all his vessels, in the midst of the multitude of them, and they shall be left to all the light of the fire, and they shall lose their knowledge: for I am not worthy of the LORD;
22: 17 C֤h Amr֙ Adn֣i Iho֔h and Lk֣hti A֗ni Mtzm֧rt Ha֛rz Hrm֖h and Nt֑ti Mr֤as Iֽnkotio֙ R֣c Akt֔f and St֣lti A֔ni A֥l Hr-gb֖h and Tlֽol:
23: 17 Bh֨r Mr֤om Isral֙ Astl֔no and Ns֤a Anf֙ and A֣sh F֔ri and Hi֖h La֣rz Ad֑ir and Scn֣o Tht֗io C֚l Tzf֣or Cl-cn֔f Btz֥l Dliot֖io Tscֽnh:
24: 17 ֽida֞o Cl-atz֣i Hsd֗h C֣i An֤i Ihoh֙ Hsf֣lti | A֣tz Gb֗h Hgb֙hti֙ A֣tz Sf֔l Hob֙sti֙ A֣tz L֔h and Hfr֖hti A֣tz Ib֑s An֥i Iho֖h Db֥rti and Asֽiti: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 18   (32 verses)‬
1: 18 And he said, "Speak to me, O LORD, and I will come unto you."
2: 18 מהה-לככ֗ם אתתּּם מֽֽ֙שׁלל֙ימ֙ת-הת-ההזֶּל֙ם֣ה֣ל הַהזֶ֔֔֔ ע עִִדדד֑֥֥֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖ ֣֣֣֑֑ א א א א א א֣֑֑֑ א א א א א א֑֑֑֑ א א א א הַ הַ הַ֑֑֑֑ א הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַֽֽ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ
3: 18 My life, I am with you, I am with you, O Lord, O Jehovah, O Israel, if I am with you, I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will not be ashamed of you.
4:18 Behold, all the souls are in the midst of fear, and behold, there is no need for them, because the mind of the Father is with them, and the soul of the Son is with me, for I am the Son of God, who is the soul of the sinner, who is the God of the people.
5:18 And the man of the tribe of Jehoiah was the captain of the tribe of Zik, and he did as Shaphat, and Zadka,
6: 18 To the people of the mountains, behold, there is no god but his eyes, and he is not a man; he is not a mighty man; but the children of Israel are afraid of him, and the wife of his neighbor is afraid of him. Lo! He is not a man, neither is he a man; he is not a man;
7:18 And a man, a man, was not a man; he was a servant of his people; he loved him; he was an enemy of a mighty man; he was not angry; he was angry with his father, and he was angry with them, and he brought them to their land, and their cities were covered by the fence.
8: 18 Behold, the children of Israel have not come to the house, and they have multiplied, and they have not taken any more, because of the wickedness of the hand of the hand, the hand of his hand, and the bread of his hand, and the bread of his hand;
9: 18 In your statutes, yea, I will judge thee, and judge over me: for there is no justice, I do not do anything, but I am afraid of thee, that is, the voice of the LORD, and of the children of the LORD.
10: 18 And the son of Perez went down to them, and he turned away from them, and he brought them down, and he took them away from the house of Amalek.
11: 18 And behold, all the people of Israel did not do it, because they were angry with the LORD, and the people were angry with him, and the wife of his wife was afraid of him.
12: 18 And the Lord answered him, Behold, lo! He hath stolen, and he hath taken away the spoil: for he hath not turned away, he hath turned away, and he hath turned away from the scrolls: for he is not with us, but his eyes are not hungry, but he hath done it.
13:18 Your son, who is your servant, has been married, and you have multiplied, so that you may come to me, and you will not be afraid of me. I am the one who loves you, and you are the one who loves you, and I do not want you to do anything.
14: 18 And behold, Holad, the son of Nathon, saw all the foolishness of his father, and his father was as he had done, and he did it, and he saw it, and he did not do it.
15: 18 And on the mountains of the mountains, behold, I am not with you, and with his eyes, behold, I am not a man, nor a man, nor a mighty man, but a man of the people of Israel, I will bring the wife of his wife to death, but he will not be tempted.
16: 18 And a man, a man, is not a man; but he is not a man; he is not a man; he is a man of valor, and a man of valor, not a man of his own, for his compassion, for he is evil;
17: 18 He answered, "Behold, I will return to you, and I will bring you to the land of Israel."
18:18 18 "Be careful not to be angry with him, but to give him a courageous life, for he is a man of courage, and he is not a man, neither is his servant, nor his servant, nor his son, nor his son, nor his son.
19: 18 And he said unto them, Behold, it is not a man; but it is not his father; but he is a father; and he is a father; and he is righteous; and he is righteous; and he hath done all things unto him, and he hath done them.
20: 18 Hn֥fs Hht֖at H֣ia Tm֑ot B֞n La-is֣a | Baoֺ֣n Ha֗b and Ab֙ L֤a Isa֙ Baoֺ֣n Hb֔n Tzdk֤t Htzdik֙ Al֣io Tֽhi֔h and Rsa֥t * evil ** Hrs֖a Al֥io Tֽhiֽh: S.
21: 18 And the heir, he was afraid, so that he might return to his house, his sin, and his guilt, and his guilt, and his guilt, and his wickedness, and his wickedness, and his wickedness, and his wickedness.
22: 18 All his wickedness is as he hath done, but he is not remembered; he is remembered for his righteousness, and his righteousness is in his righteousness, which is done to him.
23: 18 The people of Israel, the people of the tribe of Israel, are the leaders of the tribe of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the One, and the Most High.
24: 18 Bs֨ob Tzd֤ik Mtzdkto֙ and A֣sh A֔ol Cc֨l Htoab֜ot Asr-as֧h Hrs֛a Ias֖h and H֑i Cl- * righteousness ** Tzdkt֤io Asr-ash֙ L֣a Tzc֔rnh Bmal֧o Asr-ma֛l and Bhtat֥o Asr-ht֖a B֥m Imֽot:
25: 18 And they said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not be blessed; for they have heard it; they have not heard it; but they have not heard it; they are not wise;
26: 18 When he returned to Tzedek, he was beseeching him, and he went up to him, and went up to them, and raised them up in the midst of his wickedness, which was done to him.
27: 18 And when the head of the tribe was satisfied with his wickedness, he did as he had done, and he did so, and he went out of the house of the tribe of Tzedek, and Tzadek, the LORD, saw his tribe, and his people lived there.
28: 18 And he saw the Lord, and he returned, and he returned from all his wickedness, and he did not die, but he did as he had done, and lived with him, and he gave life to him;
29: 18 And they said unto him, Behold, the children of Israel shall be destroyed; for they shall not be blessed; for they are not worthy of the LORD; but the LORD is the LORD. [1] Behold, the children of Israel shall be born to them, and they shall not be deceived, nor shall they be consumed.
30: 18 Therefore, I saw that there was a man in your hand, and I was not ashamed of you, but the people of Israel were with you; they were not worthy of them, but they were masters of the LORD, and the LORD was his servant, and his heart was in the midst of them, and they were not with them, and they were not with them.
31: 18 And they brought him out of thee, and brought them up all their mouths: for they were not wicked, but they were in them, and they had done them, so that they might return to the house of David, and he was afraid of them, and he was afraid of them, and the people of Israel were destroyed.
Verse 32: 18 And when the people of Israel came to them, they came to them in the midst of the dead, and they came to them, and they returned to them, and they returned to them, and the LORD gave them to him.
‪xxxx  Chapter 19   (14 verses)‬
1: 19 And thou shalt be a scepter, but not a scepter, but unto a man of men;
2: 19 And I said to you, Your mother, your mother, is not your father, but she is not; yet I will not see you, but I will see you, and I will multiply your daughter, and I will give you strength.
3:19 And you shall go up to Me, and be mighty, and be strong;
4:19 And he listened to them, saying, "Do not be angry with them, because you have lost them, because they have lost their desire, and they have brought him to the house of the Israelites, to the land of Egypt."
5: 19 And the children of the children of the tribe of Nakhon took up their tents, and they took away their wives, and they took them away, and they turned away from them, and they turned their backs on them.
6: 19 And thy inheritance shall come upon thee, and thou shalt be like a furnace, and behold it, and it shall come to pass, and he shall not go astray, but they shall not be consumed.
7: 19 And he knew that he had gone up to his right hand, and raised them up, and he was free of them, and he gave them to the land, and he was full of them.
And his countenance was over him, and they were great;
9:19 And the children of the tribe of Beshugar, the sons of Hahahahahahah, came to him, and brought him to the house of the LORD, and he brought him to the house of the tribe of Yavo, his father, to him in the midst of the wilderness, to Mizan, for he did not go into the land of Kohath, nor to him, but to Arad, to Haru, to Yashraa.
10: 19 Your mother is like a bird in your blood, and he is not in the midst of it. He is the one who has transgressed, and he is the one who has lost his life.
11: 19 And he said to him, "Behold, I will go to the house of the tribe of Israel, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
12: 19 And the LORD gave him bread in the heat, and he gave it to the tree, and he gave it to him, so he went to the house of the captain of the tribe, and he returned to the house of the LORD, and the people of the land were destroyed, and the people of the land were destroyed, and the children of the tribe of Israel were destroyed.
13:19 And when she was patient, she was with her in the wilderness, and in the land of Zeitah, and in Mizmah.
14:19 And she gave him the desire to give up her bread with her bread, and she gave it to her, and she gave it to her, and she did not bring it to her, but she brought it to her, and put it away.
‪xxxx  Chapter 20   (44 verses)‬
1:20 And it came to pass, that the people of the tribe of Israel were in the midst of the land of Judah, that they were in the midst of the land of Israel, that they were afraid of them, and that the people of Israel were afraid of the LORD, that he feared the LORD, and he returned to his presence before him.
2:20 And he said, Speak unto me, O LORD, I pray thee;
3: 20 Bn-ad֗m Db֞r At-zkn֤i Isral֙ and Amrt֣ Alh֔m C֤h Amr֙ Adn֣i Iho֔h Hldr֥s At֖i At֣m Ba֑im Hi-a֙ni֙ Am-adr֣s Lc֔m Na֖m Adn֥i Ihoֽh:
4: 20 Thou shalt overcome them; yea, thou shalt bring up foolishness, the son of Adam, and bring down the loaves of the house of their fathers, but they shall not know them.
5: 20 Amrt֣ Alih֗m Cֽh-amr֮ Adn֣i Ihoh֒ Biom֙ Bhr֣i Bisra֔l and As֣a Id֗i Lz֙ra֙ B֣it Iֽak֔b and Aod֥a Lh֖m Ba֣rtz Mtzr֑im and As֨a Id֤i Lhm֙ Lam֔r An֖i Iho֥h Alhicֽm:
6: 20 Behold, this is my father, my father, my wife, my father, my father, my father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father and his wife.
7: 20 And he said unto them, Behold, there is no man that hath sank, but his eyes are in him, and they are not in him, nor in the waves of the land, nor in the land of Israel, nor against the earth, but upon us, O Jehovah, O God, and upon them.
8: 20 Imro-b֗i and L֤a Abo֙ Lsm֣a Al֔i A֣is At-skotz֤i Aֽinihm֙ L֣a Hsl֔ico and At-glol֥i Mtzr֖im L֣a Az֑bo and Am֞r Lsf֧c Hmt֣i Alih֗m Lcl֤ot Afi֙ Bh֔m Bt֖oc A֥rtz Mtzrֽim:
9: 20 And the people of Israel went to Meam'an, and they were there, so that they could not enter into the land, but they returned to the land of Israel, and they returned to their land, so that I did not enter into the land of their land, but as I did not return, I gave them to them, and they returned to them, and they did not return to them, but they brought them out of the land of Egypt.
10:20 And the children of Israel came to them from the land of Israel, and they brought them to the wilderness.
11: 20 And ye have given them the law, the law, and the judgment: for I have given them death, but I have given them to them, but I have given them to them, but they have not made them, but they have gone away, and they are there;
12: 20 And they took my captives, and they gave them to them, but they came to them, and to the children of Israel, they came to them, and they came to them, so that I could not see them, because I was not the LORD, but the LORD was sanctified.
13: 20 Imro-b֨i Bֽit-isra֜l Bmdb֗r Bhkot֨i La-hl֜co and At-msft֣i Ma֗so Asr֩ Ias֨h At֤m Hֽadm֙ and H֣i Bh֔m and At-sbtt֖i Hll֣o Ma֑d and Am֞r Lsf֨c Hmt֧i Alih֛m Bmdb֖r Lclotֽm:
14: 20 And he made it to Maaman, that they were not ashamed, but he began to look at them, because they had gone out of their sight, but they had not given them up to them.
15: 20 And I also gave up my hand to them, because they were not in the wilderness, but they were afraid of me, because they were not with you, but for the land wherein I came, and I went to the house of the king, and the land was dry, and the land of the land was dry.
16: 20 In the judgment of the people of Israel and in the law, they did not rule against them, neither against them nor against their captivity, but they began to fear him, because afterward they would not be forgiven, because their hearts would not be with you.
17:20 And the charge of our eyes is upon them, and they have gone up against them, and they have not yet taken them, but they have not done anything to them, but they are all in the wilderness.
18: 20 And the children of the children of Mordecai went up against them in the law, saying, I pray thee, and I will give thee justice, and they shall not judge their judgments, neither shall they be filled with guilt, nor shall they be exalted, nor shall they be exalted.
19: 20 I am the LORD, O God, the God of you, in the law of the law, and I will judge you and judge you. Keep him safe, and do his acts with them.
20:20 And his captives were ashamed, and they were ashamed, but they were not among them: and they were not with you, because they were with you, because I was with you, O LORD, and God is your God.
21: 20 Imro-b֣i Hbn֗im Bhkot֣i Lֽa-h֠lco and At-msft֨i La-smr֜o Las֣ot Aot֗m Asr֩ Ias֨h Aot֤m Hֽadm֙ and H֣i Bh֔m At-sbtot֖i Hl֑lo and Am֞r Lsf֧c Hmt֣i Alih֗m Lcl֥ot Af֛i B֖m Bmdbֽr:
22: 20 And I will return to you, and I will bring you up to Me, for I will not be afraid of you, for I will not be afraid; for I have no hope for them, but my eyes are filled with them: for I have given them to them, but I have given them to them.
23: 20 And I will bring you up to Me, and I will bring them to Me, and I will give them bread, and I will give them bread, and I will bring them forth to you, and I will bring them to you.
24: 20 And the people of the tribe of Shapiro were not in the law, but the people were defeated, and their captivity returned, and they began to suffer, and afterward they were crucified, because their fathers were not their enemies.
25:20 And even I, behold, I gave them unto them, that they were not good, but they were not good, and they that were judged were not; they were not my life, but they were in them.
26: 20 And they shut them up in their mouths, because they were in the heat of the fire, so that all the men of the men of Israel went down into the midst of them, saying, I will make them into heaven, and I will bring them forth, and I will go down to them, and I will return to them, and I will return to them.
27: 20 For this is what the son of Israel said to them, saying, "Son of Adam, they said, 'Do not go to them, but this is the place of the Lord, O Lord!'" "Oh, Lord, have mercy on me, O Israel!" I said, "Go, go, come! O my people, and I will come to you, and you will be blessed with them."
28: 20 Abiam֙ Al-ha֔rtz As֤r Ns֙ati֙ At-id֔i Lt֥t Aot֖h Lh֑m and Irao֩ Cl-gba֨h Rm֜h and Cl-a֣tz Ab֗t and Izbho-s֤m At-zbhihm֙ and Itno-sm֙ C֣as Krbn֔m and Is֣imo S֗m R֚ih Nih֣ohih֔m and Is֥ico S֖m At-nscihֽm:
29: 20 And it came to pass, unto them, that they were not, that they were, but that they were, that they were come, and that they were there, and they were cold; their skies were still in the midst of them, but they were not in their midst.
30: 20 For this is the truth of the people of Israel, saying, O LORD, I am saying, O Lord, I am the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Son of God, and the Son of God.
31: 20 Bsa֣t Mtnֽtic֡m Bֽhabir֩ Bnic֨m Ba֜s Atm֩ Ntma֤֨im Lcl-glֽolicm֙ Ad-hi֔om and An֛i Adr֥s Lc֖m B֣it Isra֑l Hi-a֗ni Nam֙ Adn֣i Iho֔h Am-adr֖s Lcֽm:
32: 20 And he went up to the house of the LORD, and he went to the house of the LORD, and he returned to him, and he returned to the land, and he returned to the land, and he returned to the land of the land, and the son of the son returned to them.
33: 20 My life, I am with you, I am with you, I am with you, O LORD, I am with you, behold, I am not with you, but with courage, and with contempt, and with my anger, and with your strength, I will overcome you, but I will not go against you.
34: 20 And I will take you out, because I am with you, and I will gather them for you: for from there I will go forth, and I will bring them forth, that they may be saved, and that they will be saved, that they may be saved, and that they will return to their land, and they will not be destroyed.
35:20 And thou shalt bring them unto me, and they shall not go down, and they shall be destroyed; and I will judge thee: for they are not, but they shall come to the face of the children.
36: 20 As a man, I will not let you down, but I will bring you forth, and I will bring them into the wilderness, and I will make them king of Egypt; for as for them, I will bring them to the land, and I will bring them to you.
37: 20 And I said unto you, Thou shalt not bring the thorn of the thorn, and bring it to thee, that ye may be in the wilderness of the wilderness.
38: 20 And the sons of the children of Israel came down to them, and they went down, and they went out, and they were in the midst of them, because they were not in their midst, nor were they in the land of Israel, but they were the men of Israel, and they were not the children of Israel, but they were the sons of the children of Israel, and their knowledge of them was because I was with them.
39: 20 At֨m Bֽit-isra֜l Cֽh-am֣r | Adn֣i Iho֗h A֤is Glolio֙ Lc֣o Ab֔do and Ah֕r Am-ainc֖m Sma֣im Al֑i and At-s֤m Kdsi֙ L֣a Thllo-a֔od Bmtnֽotic֖m and Bglolicֽm:
40: 20 C֣i Bhr-kds֞i Bh֣r | Mr֣om Isra֗l Nam֙ Adn֣i Iho֔h S֣m Iabd֜ni Cl-b֧it Isra֛l Cl֖h Ba֑rtz S֣m Artz֔m and S֞m Adr֣os At-tromֽtic֗m and At-ras֛it Msaotic֖m Bcl-kdsicֽm:
41: 20 Br֣ih Nihh֮ Artz֣h Atcm֒ Bhotzia֤i Atcm֙ Mn-h֣am֔im and Kbtzt֣i Atc֔m Mn-h֣artz֔ot As֥r Nftzt֖m B֑m and Nkdst֥i Bc֖m Lain֥i Hgoiֽm:
42: 20 And you shall not be afraid of me, O God, O God, O God, I will bring you forth unto the land of Israel, even unto the earth, when I am young, I will bring thee down, and thou shalt bring up the hand of the LORD.
43:20 And you shall remember your ways, your ways, and all the people of the world, and they shall be gathered together, and they shall be filled with wine, and they shall be filled with wine, and they shall be filled with bread, and they shall be filled with bread.
44: 20 ֽidatm֙ Cֽi-an֣i Iho֔h Basot֥i Atc֖m Lm֣an Sm֑i La֩ Cdrcic֨m Hra֜im and Calilֽotic֤m Hnshtot֙ B֣it Isra֔l Na֖m Adn֥i Ihoֽh: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 21   (37 verses)‬
1:21 And he said unto him, Speak unto me, O LORD, I pray thee;
2: 21 Son of Adam, they shall not turn away from you, but the Lord shall be with you, and the LORD shall be with you, and he shall go down to the house of the LORD, and he shall return to the land of the land of Israel.
3: 21 Aֽmrt֙ Li֣ar Hn֔gb Sm֖a Dbr-iho֑h Cֽh-am֣r Adn֣i Iho֡h Hnn֣i Mֽtzit-bc֣ | A֡s and Acl֣h Bc֣ Cl-aֽtz-lh֩ and Cl-a֨tz Ib֤s Lֽa-tcbh֙ Lh֣bt Slh֔bt and Ntzrbo-b֥h Cl-fn֖im Mn֥gb Tzfֽonh:
4:21 And they saw that all the children were ashamed, because I was not, O Jehovah, but in the midst of them I was afraid of them;
5: 21 And he said unto him, Behold, I am the LORD, O Lord, O LORD, O LORD, O God, I am saying unto you, Behold, I am the God of the Lord, Who is the servant of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds.
6: 21 And he said, Speak unto me, O LORD, I pray thee;
7: 21 Son of Adam, they shall not turn away from you, but they shall not go down to the place of their captivity, and they shall not go down to Mekadesh, but they shall return to the land of Israel, and they shall be destroyed.
8: 21 And you said to the Lord, O Israel, I pray thee, O Lord, beware of the LORD, O LORD! Behold, I am with thee, and thou shalt give up my strength. And I will not be afraid of you; and I will be cut off from you, from the side of thee, to the side of thee, and to the root of the wicked.
9: 21 And the Lord, who is with thee, is the side of the throne, and the root of the wicked is the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorns, the thorns, and the thorns.
10: 21 And they knew, all the flesh of the flesh, that I was not, O Jehovah, that I might give up my strength, and that I would not be afraid.
11: 21 And the son of Adon, they were, they were broken, because they were broken, but they were not, but they were in the water, and they were there, and they were there for us.
12: 21 Hih֙ Cֽi-iamr֣o Al֔ic Al-m֖h At֣h Nan֑h and Amrt֡ Al-smoa֣h Cֽi-ba֡h and Nm֣s Cl-lb֩ and Rf֨o Cl-id֜im and Cht֣h Cl-r֗oh and Cl-brc֙im֙ Tl֣cnh M֔im Hn֤h Bah֙ and Nֽhi֔th Na֖m Adn֥i Ihoֽh: P.
13: 21 And he said, Speak unto me, O LORD, I pray thee, that I may not be glorified.
14: 21 Son of a man, he came, and he said unto him, If thou art not, I will see thee, and I will be glad to see the sword of the sword of the sword of the sword of the LORD, and even of it,
15: 21 For the sake of the Lord, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Earth, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World.
16: 21 And thou shalt give it to me, for it is bitter, but it is not to be consumed, for it is in the house of the LORD, and it is in the hands of the LORD.
17: 21 And he cried, and cursed, the son of Adam, because it was with me that ye were with me: when they were with me, they were in all the men of Israel, so that they might be put to death, that they might turn back to the house of the LORD, because they were rebellious against the people, so that they might go into the land of Israel.
18:21 21 For when the son of Ahan came and went with her, even though she was still in the house, she went away, and she was not there;
19: 21 And the son of Adon said to them, "Behold, I will go down to you, and I will come to you, and I will come down to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
20: 21 For the sake of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds.
21: 21 21 Behold, I am full of the heavens, the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth;
22: 21 And I will also give thee a cup of bread, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
23: 21 And he said, "Speak to me, O LORD, and I will come unto you."
24:21 And the son of Adon said to you, "Behold, it is yours!" And the sons of Adon said, "Come, I will come to you, and I will return to you from the land of the LORD, and I will come to you."
25: 21 And the sons of the sons of the sons of Ammon, the sons of Ammon, and the sons of Judah, were destroyed in Birushal, because they were in the villages of Zerah.
26: 21 When the people of the king went down to the house of the LORD, they went down the road, and the people of Sodom, the sons of the wise men, went out of the way, and cursed them, and slew them, and the sons of the sons of Israel, who were in the midst of the turtles, saw it, seeing that they were weeping.
27: 21 Bֽimin֞o Hi֣h | Hk֣sm Irosl֗m Ls֤om Crim֙ Lft֤h Fh֙ Br֔tzh Lhr֥im K֖ol Btroa֑h Ls֤om Crim֙ Al-sar֔im Lsf֥c Sll֖h Lbn֥ot Diֽk:
28: 21 And he gave them unto them, as an enchantment, and as an enchantment, they were in the midst of them, but they were not satisfied, neither were they satisfied with them, and they were not with them.
29: 21 Lc֗n Cֽh-amr֮ Adn֣i Ihoh֒ I֗an Hzcrcm֙ Aoֺ֣nc֔m Bhgl֣ot Fsaic֗m Lhֽraot֙ Ht֣aotic֔m Bc֖l Alilֽotic֑m I֚an Hz֣crc֔m Bc֖f Ttfֽso: P.
30: 21 And thou shalt have mercy on the LORD, and he hath made a wife, that is, a woman, a woman, that is, a woman;
31: 21 So the Lord said, O Lord, I pray thee, O LORD, the LORD, the Lord of the heavens and the earth, the Lord of the heavens and the earth, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth;
32: 21 "O 'the enemy of the enemy, the enemy of the enemy, I will punish you. This is not a crime, but it is not a crime, but it is a crime that is committed against the people of Israel."
33: 21 At֣h Bn-ad֗m Hnb֤a and Aֽmrt֙ C֤h Amr֙ Adn֣i Iho֔h Al-bn֥i Am֖on and Al-hrft֑m and Amrt֗ H֣rb H֤rb Ftohh֙ Lt֣bh Mrot֔h Lhc֖il Lm֥an Brֽk:
34: 21 Behold, I have gone astray, that is in the midst of thine eyes, that thou shalt bring forth unto me, that thou shalt give me strength, and that I will come unto thee, that I may not be thirsty, but that I will not go astray.
35: 21 Thou shalt not return to thy land, but in the midst of them, wherewith thou shalt be born, in the land of thy flesh, thou shalt not give up thy hand.
36: 21 And I will not let you go, but I will not go back to you, but I will not be able to return to you, but I will return to you, and I will give you my hand, and I will give you my hand.
37: 21 To the Lord, there is no god but God, O God, O God, O Lord, be with you, O daughter of the LORD, O daughter of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 22   (31 verses)‬
And he said unto them, Speak unto me, O LORD!
2:22 And you, son of Adam, have turned away from the fire, seeking out the fire of the blood, and knowing the knowledge of it, all the things which are beloved to it.
And he said unto him, Say, O Lord, I pray thee, O LORD, O LORD, thou shalt give up the commandment of the LORD, because thou art in thy kingdom, and thou shalt not do it, but thou hast done it, and thou hast done it: for it hath been rolled up;
4: 22 Bdm֨c Asr-sf֜ct As֗mt and Bglol֤ic Asr-asit֙ Tm֔at and Tkr֣ibi Im֔ic and Tb֖oa Ad-snot֑ic Al-c֗n Ntt֤ic Hrfh֙ Lgoi֔m and Kls֖h Lcl-hartzֽot:
5:22 And he brought them up, and stretched out their loins: from whence shall they gather, when thou art unclean, when thou hast made them, they have multiplied the breadth thereof.
6: 22 Behold, I will raise up my people, and I will sing to them, and I will not be afraid of them, but they will not be with you, because they will not be saved.
7:22 22 If the father and the mother are the same, they will come to you in the morning, and do not be angry with them, whether they are in the midst of you, whether they are iniquity or disbelief, for they are your enemies in your midst.
8:22 22 You shall be holy, and you shall be ashamed, and you shall return to me.
9:22 22 They are the people of Galilee, and they are not in your midst, because they have been saved for their sins, and they are not in the midst of the mountains; they have consumed you, because you have done so, and they have done so in your midst.
10: 22 The city of Ahab, the land of Gilea, is in Thamma, the city of Neddeh.
11:22 And Ish-saith, the wife of Re'ah, did him, and did not go to the house of the king, and he took away the house of the house, and hid it in his time, and the wife of his wife was with him, and the father of his father was with him.
12: 22 And there is no god but God, that is, that I may go down to you, for I will give you the spoil of your inheritance, and I will multiply thee, and cause you to suffer, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give it to you.
13: 22 And behold, thou shalt be angry with me, as thou hast done unto me, that thou shalt not do, but do as thou hast done, and go down to thy throne, as thou wilt not be in thy house.
14: 22 "Behold, I will be with you, I will be with you, and I will give you a hand, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will make you happy."
15: 22 And your judgments, and your statutes, and their glory, and your saints, in your land, and in your righteousness, and in your innocence, shall I not be tempted from you.
16: 22 And you shall be ashamed of yourselves, because they are in their sight, because they are gone, and I am afraid of you, because I am afraid of you.
17: 22 And he said, "Speak to me, O LORD, and I will come unto you."
18:22 22 Son of Adam, they were the sons of the sons of the children of Israel, and the sons of the children of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel.
19: 22 For this is what the Lord has said, O Lord, O LORD, O LORD, have mercy on you, O ye, O children of Israel, for all of you are here, so that we may be gathered, so that we may be able to come closer to you.
20: 22 Kb֣tzt C֡sf and ֠nhst and Brz֨l and Aof֤rt and Bdil֙ Al-t֣oc C֔or Lfֽht-al֥io A֖s Lhnt֑ic C֤n Akbtz֙ Baf֣i and Bhmt֔i and Hnht֥i and Htct֖i Atcֽm:
21:22 And you gathered yourselves up, and raised them up, and raised them up, and brought them up in the midst of the wilderness, and I took them in their midst.
22:22 And when thou shalt go down to the house of the children of Thamath, they shall be crucified, so that thou shalt be blessed, that is in thy kingdom, and in the knowledge of them, that I may be with thee, O LORD, O LORD, that thou shalt give me bread;
23:22 And Jehovah said unto him, Behold, I am not a man;
24: 22 The son of Adam, who is the mother of the children of Israel, is not the land of the earth, but the land of the earth is not the land of the LORD; they are the inhabitants of the land, the land of the people.
25: 22 And he that is good to his sons, is not in thy land, but he is like a raven, and he is not in the midst of his anger, but he is in the midst of his anger.
26: 22 Chn֜ih Hms֣o Torti֮ and Ihll֣o Kdsi֒ Bֽin-k֤ds Lhl֙ L֣a Hbd֔ilo and Bin-htm֥a Lth֖or L֣a Hod֑iao and Msbtoti֙ Hal֣imo Aֽinih֔m and Ah֖l Btocֽm:
27: 22 Thou shalt bring it forth in the midst of it: for it is as if it is thirsty, but it is not in the heat of the blood, but in the heart of it,
28: 22 And the children of the tribe of Israel were victorious, and the people of the tribe of Zechariah returned to them, and they went to their house, because they said, "This is what the LORD said," says Jehovah, "Jehovah is the LORD, and he is the One, and He is the One."
29: 22 When the land was full, they gave it to the coast, and it was razed, and it was rained, and the land was gone, and the land of the land was gone, and it was there, and the wall was burning, and there was no room for rain.
30: 22 And I will be ashamed of them, but there is no man, even a mighty man, who is mighty in the midst of the earth, before me, in the midst of the earth, that I may weep, and that I will not be ashamed of you.
31:22 And I will give them up their wives, and they shall be angry with me, because they have spoken iniquity, but they are not in the house of the Lord, but in their heads, they have been given to me;
‪xxxx  Chapter 23   (49 verses)‬
1:23 And there was a word of the LORD, saying, O God, I am not a believer.
2:23 23 Son of Adam, who were young men, married in the presence of the mother of his brother, he was his wife.
23: 23 And the children of Israel were in Mizrayam, the sons of Neriah; they were the ones who had lost their saints, and the people of their land had done so.
4: 23 And there is a name for you, that is, the greatness of the people, and I will go to you, my family, and I will come to you, and I will return to you, and you will be with me, and you will not be ashamed of us, for you are children and children, and you are the sons of Israel, and you are the children of Israel.
5: 23 And Moses, the son of Ahlaih, came to the house of Thamatha, and the tree of the house, and the tree of the trees.
6:23 You shall be ashamed of yourselves, and you shall not be ashamed of them, nor shall I be ashamed of them, nor shall I be ashamed of them, nor shall I be afraid of them; but they shall not be broken.
7:23 And the two of them were full of adultery, and the people of Israel went up against them in the midst of the children of Israel, and the people of Israel were destroyed, all of them, and in the midst of them, which was in the midst of all their captivity, and they were not cleansed.
8:23 And the fatness of the people of Egypt came to them, because it was not their strength, because they were lying, and they were in the midst of it, and it was because they had done it, and they had done it to them, and they had given it to them, and they had given up their food.
9: 23 For thus have you given it to me, because it is in the hands of the children of Israel, that I am not married, but I will not go down, but I will return to you.
10: 23 What is the name of Gilead that is his nakedness, because of his sons and daughters, and his sons, and his sons, and his sons, and his daughters, and the sons of the sons of Israel, and the sons of the sons of Israel, and the sons of Israel;
11:23 And I saw the wife of her brother, and she came to her, and she turned away from her, and she gave her the bread of the flock, and she gave it to her, and she gave it to her, and she gave it to her.
12: 23 To my children, I will go down, and I will bring you forth, and I will bring you forth, and I will bring you to the land of Israel, and I will bring you to the land of Israel, and the land of Israel shall not be destroyed.
13: 23 And he saw it, because it was not clear that he was afraid of him, but he went down to his feet to drink them.
14: 23 And thou shalt give strength unto her adultery, and she shall be afraid of the law of the law of the children of the kohl.
15: 23 He hath given birth unto them, but they are not in the midst of the dead, but they are not in the midst of the earth, but they are in the midst of the earth, and they are in the midst of them.
16: 23 * And Thou shalt not give up her eyes: but they shall not see her, and behold her eyes, and they shall be filled with her, for they are not with her, but as they are,
17: 23 And the sons of Baal, the sons of Elijah, came to them, and to the children of Babylon, to the house of the house of the children of David, and they came to them, and to them, in their fatness, and when they were thirsty, they were destroyed, and their souls were broken;
18: 23 And it came to pass, that it was full of adultery, and he took away his nakedness, and he gave up my nostrils, and he gave up his things, as if he had not been taken up, he was the son of Nephthias, and he had not taken his family away.
19: 23 And she multiplied her adultery with her, so that she might remember her, and she gave him up to him, so that she could not help her, because she was jealous of her because she was in the land of Egypt.
20:23 And the people of the tribe of Israel went astray, and in the midst of their captivity, they were destroyed in the flesh of their flesh, and the men of Zamoroth were destroyed.
21: 23 And you shall be blessed, and I will return to you, and I will return to you from the land of Egypt, and I will return to you from the land of Israel.
22: 23 So, behold, I will go to you, O God, and say, O Lord, I am with you, O LORD! Behold, we will not be afraid of the love, but it is upon thee, that is, which is upon you, that is, wherewith thou hast taken your breath away from them, and thou hast brought them forth, because of thee,
23: 23 Bn֧i Bb֣l and Cl-csd֗im Fk֤od and S֙oa֙ and K֔oa Cl-bn֥i As֖or Aot֑m Bh֨ori H֜md Fh֤ot and Sgnim֙ Cl֔m Sֽlsim֙ and Kroa֔im Rcb֥i Sos֖im Clֽm:
24: 23 B֣ao Al֡ic H֠tzn R֤cb and Glgl֙ and Bkh֣l Am֔im Tzn֤h and Mgn֙ and Kob֔a Is֥imo Al֖ic Sb֑ib and Ntt֤i Lfnihm֙ Msf֔t and Sft֖oc Bmsftihֽm:
25: 23 Ntt֨i Knat֜i B֗c and As֤o Aotc֙ Bhm֔h Af֤c and Azn֙ic֙ Is֔iro and Ahrit֖c Bh֣rb Tf֑ol H֗mh Bn֤ic and Bnot֙ic֙ Ik֔ho and Ahrit֖c Tac֥l Baֽs:
26: 23 And thou shalt take away thy garment, and take it, and it shall be all ye, that ye may not be afraid.
27:23 And I will return to you, and I will return to you from your land, and from your land, from Egypt, and from there you shall not bear the burden of the land, nor the land of Israel, nor the land of Israel, nor the land of Israel, nor the land of Israel.
28: 23 But when she said, I am saying, O Lord, I pray thee, O Jehovah, for I am in the midst of thee, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength: for I will not be afraid of thee.
29: 23 And they did you in your sleep, and took it, all that came to you, and turned away from you, their cities, and their cities, and they turned away from the city of Aron, but Zanunah, your wife, and Zachmath, and Zaznot, and you.
30: 23 As for you, I will bring you up to you, and I will bring you back to you, and I will bring them back to you, and I will bring them to you in their exile.
31: 23 In thy hand shall I make you a wife, and I will give thee a gift, and I will give you bread: and I will give it to you through your hands.
32: 23 Thus says the Lord, O Lord, be with me, O LORD, I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength.
33: 23 And the voice of the Lord shall be full: and thou shalt be filled with grief: thou shalt not be filled with shame: for it is desolate, and it shall be hot, and it shall be hot, and it shall be hot with the heat.
34: 23 And thou shalt bring it to me, and it shall come to pass, and thou shalt bring it forth: thou shalt betray my people, and I will give thee strength: for thou hast given me my inheritance, for I am not with thee, my word, my Lord;
35: 23 For this reason, I said, O Lord, I am with you, O LORD, O LORD, for I have given strength to you, and I have given you strength, and I have given you strength, and I have given you strength, and I have given you strength, and I have given you strength, and I have given you strength.
36: 23 And the word of the LORD said unto them, Son of man, thou hast brought forth the foolishness of the children of Israel, and the father of the LORD, and the Haggadah: for they are not their servants, and they are their servants.
37: 23 And when they were put to death, they were put to death, and they were in the midst of them, and they were burned down, and their sons were brought up, and their sons were brought up, and they were burned down, and they were born to them;
38: 23 And when they were with me, they did not go to the house of the LORD, but the people of the land, and the captivity thereof, were destroyed.
39: 23 And when they brought their children to the ground, they were exalted, and they came to them, and they brought them to the sanctuary; and behold, it was not their desire, but they did not give it to them, and they did so to them, and they did so to the daughter of their daughters.
40: 23 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not give up the inheritance of the land, but the land of the land of the land of Israel is not in the land of the land of the land, but the land of the land of the land of Israel is the land of the land of Israel, and the land of the land of Israel is the land of the land of Israel.
41: 23 And you shall dwell on the earth, and behold it, and behold it, and bring it forth, and behold, it shall bow down before it, and it shall be cut down, and it shall be cut down, and it shall be put to death, and it shall be put to death upon it.
42: 23 And the people of the people, the people of the tribe of Israel, were numbered, and the men were not numbered, but they were brought forth, and they were brought in. So they came out from Meabdah, and they returned, and they were there, and they were besieged, and they came upon Yidiah, and they were not, and the tribe of Tirphath was near to her chiefs.
43: 23 And the mother of the children of Laban came to them, and the children of the children of the tribe of Judah came to Mizanah, and they went to Mizan.
44: 23 And the sons of Israel said unto him, Behold, I will not go down to the house of the women, but they shall not be with thee; for they are not in the house, but they are in the midst of them.
45: 23 And the men were not righteous, but they were the men of the tribe, and they were oppressed, and they were not numbered, but they were not judged, nor were they cast, nor were they cast into captivity;
46: 23 For this is the truth, but the Lord, O Lord, is the LORD, the Lord, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, and the Most High.
47: 23 And the people of the tribe of Israel went up against them, and the sons of the sons of the tribe of Kohath, the sons of Berezah, were there, and they were in the midst of their families, because they were in their houses, and their children were there, and they were with them, and they were with them, and they were there, and they were there.
48: 23 And I will return to you, and I will return to you, because of all the women of the land, and all the women have been castrated, and you have not done this, as you have done.
49: 23 And they have given you time, and I have sinned against you, and I have sinned against you, and I have sinned against you, because I have revealed to you that you are not knowing them, but that I am no longer worthy of judgment. Jehovah is the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 24   (27 verses)‬
1:24 And it came to pass, when the word of the LORD came to pass, that it was not in the old age, but in the ninth day, it was in the midst of the tenth month, that it was done in the morning, and the threshing floor was ready for the lambs.
2: 24 Son of Adam, it is written, "It is written unto you, that thou shalt give them the bread, that they may bring it out to them, that they may be brought to the house of the LORD, and they shall not be ashamed of them."
3:24 And he went up to the house of the house of the king of Merry, saying to Moses, saying, I am saying unto her, Wherefore art thou, O Lord, O Lord, O Jehovah, O Lord, that is the light of the wall, and the wall of the wall, and the wall of the sea;
4: 24 And Esau, the king of Nazareth, came out, and said unto her, Behold, all the children of Israel shall come to you, and the children of Israel shall come to you, and they shall be gathered together in the midst of the fire;
5: 24 From the house of the flock of the flock, to the west, to the west, to the west, to the west, to the west, to the west, to the west, to the west, to the west, to the west, to the west, to the west, to the west, to the west,
6: 24 Lc֞n Ch-am֣r | Adn֣i Iho֗h Aoi֮ A֣ir Hdmim֒ S֚ir As֣r Hlat֣h B֔h and H֨lat֔h L֥a Itza֖h Mm֑nh Lnth֤ih Lnth֙ih֙ Hotzia֔h La-nf֥l Al֖ih Gorֽl:
7: 24 For when his blood was in your midst, behold, he was on the edge of the sea, because he was afraid of him, because he was afraid of him, because he was not able to take him away, because he was against the earth, and covered his eyes with his eyes.
8: 24 Lift up the heat of the fire, and they shall be clean, and they shall not lift up the fire; they shall bring the blood to the ground, and they will not swallow it.
9: 24 For thus saith the Lord, O Lord, I pray thee, O LORD, I am with thee, O Lord, I will bring forth the blood of the blood, even unto me, even unto me, even the mighty of the mighty.
10: 24 The multitude of the people, the greatness of the greatness of the people, was the one who gave up the land, and the land was empty, and the earth was empty, and the trees were there.
11: 24 And the people went up against Gehilah, and they were empty, and they went to Meathan, and they lived there, and the land of Nahrathah was destroyed, and they came to you in the midst of the land, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, because they were destroyed.
12: 24 Thou shalt not be satisfied; and thou shalt not be afraid of it, because thou art great, and it is not the seed of the seed, but it is in the flesh of the calf.
13: 24 Behold, I will give you bread, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
14: 24 I am with you, my Lord, my God, my God, my God, my Lord, my God, my Lord, my Lord, and I have done my duty, and I will not be angry with you, nor will I be oppressed, nor will I be with you, but I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will not judge you.
15:24 And he said, Speak unto me, O LORD, I pray thee;
16: 24 Behold, ye shall not be ashamed; for thou shalt take away your eyes with your shields; and thou shalt not yield unto them, neither shall ye weep for them, nor shall ye be afraid of them; but thou shalt not hear thy words.
17: 24 The people of the world, the people of the world, shall die, and the people of Israel shall return to the land of Israel, and the people of the land shall not be consumed.
18: 24 And I will bring the people to the ground, and I will be ashamed of you, and I will die, and I will die, and I will not go into the house, and I will do what I have done to my father, as I have done.
19: 24 And he said unto him, Behold, I pray thee, thou shalt not be afraid: thou shalt not give glory unto the LORD: for they are not with thee, they are not with thee, but with thee, behold, thou hast done it.
20:24 And Amram said unto them, The LORD hath said unto him, Behold, I am the LORD;
21: 24 Am֣r | Lb֣it Isra֗l Cֽh-amr֮ Adn֣i Ihoh֒ Hnn֨i Mhl֤l At-mkdsi֙ Ga֣on Azc֔m Mhm֥d Aֽinic֖m and Mhm֣l Nfsc֑m and Bnic֧m and Bnֽotic֛m As֥r Azbt֖m Bh֥rb Ifֽlo:
22: 24 And thou shalt do them as he hath done, and do not have mercy on me: but thou shalt not go down with them: and they shall not be merciful unto men: but they shall not be consumed.
23: 24 And they shall bow their heads to their heads, and they will not lift you up in their feet, but they shall not yield to them, but they shall not weep, nor shall they shake their hands, nor shall they be consumed, but they shall be destroyed, but they shall not be consumed by their brother.
24: 24 And he, behold, he hath given thee strength, and he hath given unto him, that he hath done unto him, that which he hath done, and that he hath done unto them, and they shall come to them, and they shall know them; for they are not, I am with you, O Lord, O LORD!
25:24 And the son of Adonam, the son of Adon, came to them, and they came to them, and they took them away, and they took them away from them, and they brought them to the house of the children of Israel, and they gave them to their children.
26: 24 Behold, this is the voice of the Lord, the voice of the Lord, the voice of the Lord, the Lord of the heavens, and of the Lord.
27: 24 Behold, this is your voice, and it is not your heart, nor your soul, nor thy soul, nor thy soul, nor thy soul, nor thy soul, nor thy soul, nor thy soul, nor thy soul.
‪xxxx  Chapter 25   (17 verses)‬
1:25 And he said, Speak unto me, O LORD, be unto me, and let me be faithful.
2: 25 Behold, they shall not turn your face toward the children of the people, but they shall be with you, and they shall rebuke them.
3: 25 Aֽmrt֙ Lbn֣i Am֔on Sma֖o Dbr-adn֣i Iho֑h Ch-am֣r Adn֣i Iho֡h Ian֩ Amr֨c Ha֜h Al-mkds֣i Cֽi-nh֗l and Al-adm֤t Isral֙ C֣i Ns֔mh and Al-b֣it Ihod֔h C֥i Hlc֖o Bgolֽh:
4: 25 Lc֡n Hnni֩ Ntn֨c Lbni-k֜dm Lmֽors֗h and Isb֤o Tirֽotihm֙ B֔c and N֥tno B֖c Mscnih֑m H֚mh Iacl֣o Fri֔c and H֖mh Ist֥o Hlbֽc:
5: 25 And I brought the multitude of men, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the sons of Israel, even with the people of Merbaz, Tzahan, and Zidath, because of them, because I was with them.
6:25 So, when I said, I am saying, O Lord, Lord! Behold, Thou art the LORD thy God, thy God, thy God, and thy Lord, and the Lord, and the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Lord.
7: 25 Lc֡n Hnni֩ Nt֨iti At-id֜i Al֗ic and Ntt֤icֽ- * High Court [1] ** Lbz֙ Lgoi֔m and Hcrt֙ic֙ Mn-h֣am֔im and Habdt֖ic Mn-hartz֑ot Asm֣idc֔ and Idat֖ Cֽi-an֥i Ihoֽh: S.
6: 25 So the Lord, O Lord, is with me, O LORD, O LORD, O Israel, O Abraham, the Lord, the Lord, and the Fire, and the Fire, and the Fire, and the Fire.
9: 25 Therefore, behold, we have taken away from you the rod of the rod of the rod, and it is not so long, but it is full of water. And it is not a rainbow, but a rainbow, and a rainbow, a rainbow, a rainbow, and a rainbow, and a rainbow.
10: 25 To the children of Kedem, the sons of the children of Israel, Ammon, and I gave to them, to the land of Israel, to the land of Israel, to the land of Israel, to the land of Israel, to the land of Israel, to the land of Israel.
11: 25 And when the people of Esau came to him, they judged him, and they knew that, because I was with them.
12:25 Thus saith the Lord, O Lord, I pray thee, O LORD, that is, I will make a covenant with them, and I will make a covenant with them, and I will bring them into the house of Yahweh, and I will bring guilt to them, and I will bring guilt to them, and they will abide by them.
13: 25 For this reason, I say, O Lord, I am with you, O LORD, O LORD, and I have become my beloved, my children, even unto the people of Israel, and I have become aware of them: from where are they, and where are they, and they have given it to them, and they have given it to them, and they have given it to them, and they have given it to them.
14: 25 And I will bring you up, and I will be with you in the hand of the people of Israel, and I will do it to them, and I will do it to them, and I will do it to them, and I will do them to them, and they will not be afraid of them.
15:25 Thus saith the Lord, O Lord, O LORD, O LORD, I pray thee, I will make thee a sinner, and he shall not be revenged, and he shall be revenged; and he shall be revenged; and he shall be revenged; and he shall be revenged;
16: 25 For this is how it says, O Lord, O LORD, O LORD! Behold, I will not be ashamed. My hands are on the flank of the LORD, and I have become aware of the sin of you, and I have taken away my servant, and I will not be afraid of them.
17: 25 And he made me a nation, and he rose up to them, and they were great, and they were in the midst of the battle of the heavens, and they knew it, because the people of the people were with me, and the LORD had given birth to them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 26   (21 verses)‬
1:26 And it came to pass, when I had done it, that it was nine years, that it was in the house of the LORD, and that it was the land of the LORD.
2: 26 Son of Adam, that is, the people of Israel, who are in the midst of the evil of Israel; they are the people of the tribe of Israel, the people of the people, the people of the people, the people of the land, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel.
3:26 26 For this reason, he said, O Lord, O Lord! Behold, O Jehovah! Behold, I am with you, O children of Zion, and I will go up to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to them, so that they may return to their homes.
4: 26 And the people of Hocham, the sons of Zohor, and the people of the tribe of Gedaliah, were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and the people of the land were destroyed, and there was none of them.
5: 26 And the LORD shall be the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD;
6: 26 And the sons of the children of Israel, the wife of Asherah, the son of Bashadah, the daughter of Abraham, the father of the LORD, and the host of the flock, and the children of Israel,
7: 26 C֣i C֤h Amr֙ Adn֣i Iho֔h Hnn֧i Mb֣ia Al-tz֗r Nbocdratz֧r Mֽlc-bb֛l Mtzf֖on M֣lc Mlc֑im Bs֛os and Br֥cb and Bfrs֖im and Kh֥l and Am-rֽb:
8: 26 Behold, I will walk in thine own land, in the midst of the greatness of the sea: and I will bring thee forth: for thy hand is upon thee, and thy mouth is upon thee, and it is not on the salsa, nor on the thorns, nor on the thorns;
9:26 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt bring them forth: ye shall bring them into the house of the LORD, and they shall be with thee, and the greatness thereof shall be in thee;
10: 26 And when the people of Sussai were gathered together, they were covered with the dust of their hands, and they were filled with water, and their fruit was broken, and the trees were full of water, and there was no water in the water, and they were brought forth in the flesh of the trees, as they were brought before.
11: 26 In the mouth of the people of Sosaih, he lifted up all your treasures, and your people came to you in the midst of the greatness of the mountain, and the fortification of the mountains was your strength for the land of Tharath.
12: 26 And he that is yours will not be afraid; and they will be saved, and your wealth will be restored, and they will be destroyed; ye shall not be destroyed; ye shall not be destroyed; ye shall not be ashamed; and you shall be ashamed, and your children shall be with you, and your children shall be with you.
13:26 And I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
14: 26 And I will give you a gift, and I will give you a hundred shekels, a hundred shekels, a hundred shekels, a hundred thousand shekels, a hundred thousand shekels, a hundred thousand shekels, a hundred thousand shekels, a hundred thousand shekels, and a hundred thousand shekels.
15: 26 As for the mother, the Lord is the Lord, the Lord, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord!
16: 26 ֽird֞o Ma֣l Csaot֗m C֚l Nsia֣i Hi֔m and Hs֙iro֙ At-ma֣ilih֔m and At-bgd֥i Rkmt֖m Ifs֑to Hrd֤ot | Ilb֙so֙ Al-ha֣rtz Is֔bo and Hֽrdo֙ Lrga֔im and Smm֖o Alֽic:
17: 26 Nsa֨o Al֤ic Kinh֙ and A֣mro L֔c A֣ic Ab֔dt Nos֖bt Mim֑im Ha֣ir Hhl֗lh Asr֩ Hit֨h Hzk֤h Bim֙ H֣ia and Isb֔ih Asr-ntn֥o Htit֖m Lcl-iosbֽih:
18: 26 And when he was afraid, he was afraid of him; he was not my father, but he was his father; and he turned away from him, and he turned away from him.
19: 26 When I said to her, I said, I am the Lord, O LORD! Behold, I have given birth to you, and I will bring you to you, and I will bring you to the house of the wicked, and I will not be ashamed of you, nor shall I be ashamed of you, but I will bring you up to you; and I will bring you to the house of the LORD, and I will bring you into the land, and I will multiply you.
20: 26 Hordtic֩ At-i֨ordi B֜or Al-a֣m Aol֗m and ֠hosbtic Ba֨rtz Thti֜ot Chrb֤ot Mֽaolm֙ At-i֣ordi B֔or Lm֖an L֣a Ts֑bi and Ntt֥i Tzb֖i Ba֥rtz Hiֽim:
21: 26 Blessed are you, who are with you, and are not in you, and are in the house of the LORD, and they are not, nor are they;
‪xxxx  Chapter 27   (36 verses)‬
1: 27 And he said unto him, Speak unto me, O LORD, I pray thee;
2:27 And the son of Adon, the son of Adon;
3: 27 And I said unto him, I am the LORD, and I am the LORD;
4: 27 Blessed are the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the children of you, and all your people are with you, and your hands are beautiful.
5: 27 In the midst of the wilderness of Bashan, the city of Bezek, where are you, all the generations, all the generations of the children of Israel, are there no more than the sons of Israel, and they are the people of the land?
6:27 27 The gods of the tribe of Bashan, do as they have done, for they are the rulers of the tribe of Israel, and they are the descendants of the tribe of Bashan, the daughter of Asher, who is not of them, but of the children of the tribe of Bethany.
7: 27 The sixth of Berkham, of Egypt, is the LORD, who is the king of Pharisees. Behold, I will return to you, and you shall be destroyed, and I will be full of them. May the LORD be with you, O LORD? Behold, he is your cup of money.
8: 27 He sat down, and looked at me, saying, "Behold, I am the ruler of the tribe of Israel, because you are wise. Behold, you are worthy of judgment. Behold, you are in your midst, and behold, what is your duty?"
9: 27 Behold, my lord and his wise men are among you, and they are not in your possession, but I will not give you any more, but I will give you all your strength, and I will give them to them, and they will come to them, and they will return to you, and I will return to you.
10: 27 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt be oppressed, and they shall be in the midst of thee, and they shall be with thee, and they shall not be destroyed; and they shall die, and they shall not go down.
11: 27 Son, see, I will see you, and I will send you over to your homes, and you will be blessed with greatness and greatness in your greatness, and I will return to you, and I will give you control over them. Do not let them go to your homes, because you are the ones who turn away from you, so why are you so angry?
12: 27 Thou shalt not rejoice, thou shalt deliver thy merchandise, and rejoice in all things, and in the land of the land, in the land of Galilee, and in the land of the land, let your inheritance be upon thee.
13: 27 Yea, thou shalt bear thyself, and it shall be your inheritance: for there is no man in the world, nor thy people, nor thy people, nor any man, nor any man;
14: 27 When you have come to me, you have been hungry, and you have been married, and the people have turned away, and they have been lost.
15: 27 My son, O Israel, is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Most High, the Most High, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Compassionate, the Most Merciful.
16: 27 But when you are sending your goods, you are turning away from what is done in you, because you are the prophets of the earth. And they are the sons of the LORD, and you are the sons of Israel, and you are the sons of Israel, and you have been blessed, and you have given up your inheritance.
17: 27 27 Yahweh, the LORD, is the land of Israel, and He is the Lord, the Lord of the Throne, and He is the One, the One, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Compassionate, the Most Merciful, and the Most Merciful.
18: 27 Behold, the sack of the merchandise is in you, and it is in the breadth of your work: it is bitter, all the wine is in me, and there is no milk in it, and it is not bitter.
19: 27 And they said, "And they will be with you, and you will not be ashamed of them." "You have not done this before, but you have done it, and you have done it in your country."
20: 27 And the Lord hath said, Thou shalt let thee go in the glory of the mind,
21: 27 And I will give up all the men of the tribe, and I will be glad to see you, and I will return to you in the morning, and the LORD will return to you in the morning, and the LORD will return to you, and you shall return to them.
22: 27 Behold, I will return to you, and I will go back to you, and I will see you, my lord, and I will bring you all the people of Israel, all of them in the land of Israel, and in all the land of Israel, the land of Israel shall be restored, and the land of the land shall be given to you, and they shall return to you.
23: 27 And Aaron, the son of the king, rose up, and rode, and rode with him, and he returned to the land of the LORD.
24: 27 And the Lord hath mercy on thee, and thou shalt hasten in thy kingdom, and thou shalt not be satisfied with the LORD.
25: 27 I will give you the inheritance of the serpent, the serpent, the serpent, the captain of thy land, and thou shalt be filled with it: and thou shalt not be ashamed of me; nor shall I be in the midst of everlasting things. [P]
26: 27 In the midst of the multitude, the LORD hath brought forth the commandment of the tribe, and the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
27: 27 Honc֙ and Azbon֔ic Marb֕c Mlh֖ic and Hbl֑ic Mhzik֣i Bdk֣c [1] and ֽarb֣i M֠arbc and Cl-ans֨i Mlhmt֜c Asr-b֗c and Bcl-khlc֙ As֣r Btoc֔c Iflo֙ Bl֣b Im֔im Bi֖om Mfltֽc:
28: 27 And he cried unto him, Thou shalt not be afraid;
29: 27 And I will turn away from them, and I will be with them. [1] So how can I wash myself up for a hundred days? What is it that I have given to the people of Israel?
30: 27 And he made his iniquity upon them, and in their voice, and they cried out, saying, Merry is the LORD, and I will go up against you, and I will go up to the land of Israel, and I will bring them to the land of Israel, and they will be destroyed.
31: 27 And I will bring you up to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will be ashamed of you, and I will come to you, and I will be with you.
32: 27 And he carried them, and said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not have children; and they shall be clothed with it;
33: 27 Behold, ye shall return to Me, and return to Me, and return to Me, and return to the land of the people, and multiply, and be fruitful, and be fruitful, and be merciful to you, and I will make you stronger.
34: 27 And the people of the tribe of the people of Miamiah were in the midst of the mighty men of the land, and the multitude of you, and all your tents, were in your midst, and they were scattered among them.
35: 27 As for all those who sit down, they will not come, but they will not go up against you, and they will come to them, and they will not be angry; they will be angry with the wicked.
36: 27 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not go down, but thou shalt not go up;
‪xxxx  Chapter 28   (26 verses)‬
1: 28 And he said unto him, Speak unto me, O LORD!
2: 28 Bn-ad֡m Amr֩ Lng֨id Tz֜r Cֽh-am֣r | Adn֣i Iho֗h I֣an Gb֤h Lbc֙ and T֙amr֙ A֣l A֔ni Mos֧b Alh֛im Is֖bti Bl֣b Im֑im and At֤h Adm֙ and ֽla-a֔l and Tt֥n Lbc֖ Cl֥b Alhֽim:
3: 28 Behold, thou shalt be wise; thou shalt not go out of the house; and behold, thou shalt not go, but thou shalt not go;
4: 28 Your wisdom, your wisdom, your wisdom, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, and your strength.
5: 28 Behold, your wisdom is in your knees, and your strength is great, and your strength is strong, and your heart is strong. And your heart is in your strength.
6: 28 For this is the truth, but the Lord, O Lord, is the LORD, O LORD, the Lord of Your heart, the Lord, the Lord, the God of God.
7: 28 Behold, therefore, we will not be afraid of you; for they are strangers; they are rebellious; they are great, and they are rebellious, and their wickedness is great, even by the light of your wisdom, your wisdom, and your fear, and your fear will come upon you.
8: 28 And I will not be afraid of you, and I will be afraid of you, and I will not be afraid of you.
9: 28 The Amorite said, O God, I am not worthy of you, because I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give it to you, and it will not come to you, because you will be afraid of your fear.
10: 28 You shall die, I pray thee; yea, ye shall die in the hand of the stranger, for they are not, for I am not worthy. My word is my religion;
11: 28 And there came to me a word of the LORD, saying, 'Behold, I am not a believer.'
12: 28 Son of Adam, who is the son of the king, is the son of Mordecai, the son of Mordecai, the son of Mordecai, the son of Adon, and of Amorath, of all his sons, because of her, she said, O Lord, I am with you, O Jehovah, thou art the daughter of the LORD, and she is the daughter of the wise, and of all the children of my flock.
13: 28 Ba֨dn Gn-alh֜im Hi֗it Cl-a֨bn Ikr֤h Msct֙c֙ A֣dm Ftd֞h and Ihl֗m Trs֥is S֙hm֙ and I֣sf֔h Sf֣ir N֔fc and Brk֖t and Zh֑b Ml֨act Tf֤ic and Nkb֙ic֙ B֔c Bi֥om Hbrac֖ Conֽno:
14: 28 And thou shalt not be afraid of thy throne, nor thy strength, nor thy strength, nor thy strength, nor thy strength, nor thy strength, nor thy strength, nor thy strength, nor thy strength, nor thy strength.
15: 28 Thou shalt not be satisfied, but in thy way, thou shalt surely be with me, and I will not be afraid of thee.
16: 28 Behold, your wealth is great, and it is your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, and your strength.
17: 28 Behold, your heart is in your hands, and your wisdom, your wisdom, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength and your strength.
18: 28 Behold, I will be with you, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength for all your eyes.
19: 28 All your knowledge of the Lord is in the world, and it is not in your name, but on your own, you are not in it, but you are the one, and you are not, until the end of the world.
20: 28 And he said unto him, Speak unto me, O LORD!
21: 28 Behold, they have turned away from thee, and turn thee into a hunting hand, and they shall go up against it.
22: 28 Amrt֗ C֤h Amr֙ Adn֣i Iho֔h Hnn֤i Al֙ic֙ Tzid֔on and Ncbdt֖i Btoc֑c and ֽida֞o Cֽi-an֣i Iho֗h Bas֥oti B֛h Sft֖im and Nkd֥sti Bֽh:
23: 28 And I sent him away, because he was buried, and he was in the midst of his own lusts, and he fell upon him, and he fell in the midst of thee, in the midst of his heart, because he was with him, and he turned away from him, and knew that, because I was not with him,
24: 28 And there is no god but the LORD, and he is the son of the Lord, and the Lord of the heavens, the light of the light, the light of the light, the light of the light, the light of the light, the light of the light, the light of the light, the light of the heavens, the light of the heavens, the earth, and of the earth.
25: 28 Cֽh-amr֮ Adn֣i Ihoh֒ Bkbtz֣i | At-b֣it Isra֗l Mn-hֽamim֙ As֣r Nf֣tzo B֔m and Nkd֥sti B֖m Lain֣i Hgoi֑m and Iֽsbo֙ Al-admt֔m As֥r Nt֖ti Labd֥i Liakֽb:
26: 28 Isb֣o Alih֮ Lbth֒ and Bn֤o Btim֙ and Nta֣o Crm֔im and Isb֖o Lb֑th Basot֣i Sft֗im Bc֨l Hsat֤im Atm֙ Msb֣ibot֔m and I֣da֔o C֛i An֥i Iho֖h Alhihֽm: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 29   (21 verses)‬
1: 29 On the tenth day of the tenth month of the twentieth century, in the month of Adash, the month of Lazarus came to pass, and this was the day of the word of the LORD, the word of the LORD.
2: 29 Son of Adam, they have turned your face toward Pharaoh, and they have turned away from Egypt, and they have rebelled against him, and they have gone up against Egypt, all of them.
3: 29 Db֨r and Amrt֜ Cֽh-am֣r | Adn֣i Iho֗h Hnn֤i Al֙ic֙ Fra֣h Mֽlc-mtzr֔im Htnim֙ Hgd֔ol Hrb֖tz Bt֣oc Iar֑io As֥r Am֛r L֥i Iar֖i and An֥i Asitֽni:
4: 29 Ntt֤i * LIVING ** Hhim֙ Blhi֔ic and Hdbkt֥i Dgt-iar֖ic Bkskst֑ic and Halit֙ic֙ Mt֣oc Iar֔ic and At֙ Cl-dg֣t Iar֔ic Bkskst֖ic Tdbֽk:
5: 29 and Ntst֣ic Hmdb֗rh Aotc֙ and At֙ Cl-dg֣t Iar֔ic Al-fn֤i Hsdh֙ Tf֔ol L֥a Tas֖f and L֣a Tkb֑tz Lhi֥t Ha֛rtz and La֥of Hsm֖im Ntt֥ic Laclֽh:
6: 29 And they knew it, all that dwelt in Mizraham, because I was not with you, O LORD, but they were in the midst of them, but they were not the same: they were the sons of Canaan, and the people of Israel were the ones that were born.
7: 29 In the mouth of your mouth are your hands; * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * ל ב ב כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: ל כ:::::::::::::::::::: ֽ כ:::::::::::::::::::
8: 29 For this reason, I said, O Lord, O Lord! Behold, I am with you, O God, I am with you, and I will not be afraid of you, and I will not be afraid of you.
9: 29 And the land of Israel was the land of Mizoram, but it was desolate, desolate, and desolate, and it was known to them, that I was not with you, O LORD, O LORD, O Israel, beware of me, and I will be ashamed of you, and I will not do anything.
10: 29 Behold, therefore, I am against thee, and unto thy eyes, and thou hast brought the land of Israel unto the multitude, and the heat of the heat of the sea is on it, from the greatness of the sands, and against the mighty,
11: 29 Behold, thou shalt not transgress therein, nor rejoice in them; and they shall not rejoice in them, but they shall not transgress therein, neither shall they be satisfied with the four hundredths that they have given them.
12: 29 Ntt֣i At-artz֩ Mtzr֨im Smm֜h Bt֣oc | Artz֣ot Nsm֗ot and Ar֙ih֙ Bt֨oc Ar֤im Mֽhrbot֙ Tֽhi֣in Smm֔h Arba֖im Sn֑h and Hftzt֤i At-mtzr֙im֙ Bgoi֔m and ֽzrit֖im Bartzֽot: P.
13: 29 But when I saw her, she said, "I am the Lord of the heavens, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, of the people of Israel."
14: 29 And I will return to captivity, and shall return to Egypt, and I will return to them, and I will return to the land of Israel, and I will return to them from their land, and they will be destroyed, and they will be destroyed, because they will not be destroyed.
15: 29 Of the kingdoms are ye, that is, the people of the tribe of Israel; and they are not, nor are they transgressing against their enemies; and they are not afraid; they are not afraid; they are rebellious; they are afraid of their sins.
16: 29 And behold, there is no god but the LORD, and the people of the land, and the people of Israel, to the Promised Land, to the east, to Mizpah, and to the mountains, and to them,
17: 29 And he was in the midst of ten things, and he was in the midst of the wickedness of the people, because he was in the house of the chief of the family, and in the midst of the land of the land of Judah, the land of Israel, the word of the LORD, the LORD, and of the LORD.
18: 29 Bn-ad֗m Nbocdratz֣r Mֽlc-b֠bl Hab֨id At-hil֜o Abd֤h Gdlh֙ Al-tz֔r Cl-r֣as Mkr֔h and Cl-ct֖f Mrot֑h and ֠scr La-h֨ih L֤o and Lhilo֙ Mtz֔r Al-habd֖h Asr-ab֥d Alֽih: S.
19: 29 Lc֗n C֤h Amr֙ Adn֣i Iho֔h Hnn֥i Nt֛n Lnbocdratz֥r Mֽlc-bb֖l At-a֣rtz Mtzr֑im and Ns֨a Hmn֜h and Sl֤l Sllh֙ and Bz֣z Bz֔h and Hit֥h Sc֖r Lhilֽo:
20: 29 His work, which I have done, that I have given to him, that I have given him up to the land of Egypt, that I have done unto you, that they may be saved, and that I am not worthy of the LORD.
21: 29 Behold, I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
‪xxxx  Chapter 30   (26 verses)‬
1: 30 And he said, Speak unto me, O LORD, I pray thee;
2: 30 Son of Adam, when he came, he came, and saw him, as if he were not, and he saw the light of the LORD, and he said: Behold, the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is my God.
3: 30 When the cry of the wicked came to pass, and the men of the nation came to an end;
4: 30 And he came to the house of the king, who was in the midst of Egypt, and was there in the midst of the children of Israel;
5: 30 As for the people of the tribe of David, and for all the children, and for the children, and for the children of Israel, the land of the LORD was with them, because they were in the midst of the multitude of them.
6: 30 Thus the mother of the LORD, the Lord of Judah, went down, and they were defeated, and he was a king of Israel, and the people of the land of Israel were mighty, and the people of the land were great, and the people of the land were great;
7: 30 And the sons of the children of the children of Israel went up to the land of Neshmah, and the cities of Aron, in the midst of the cities, were destroyed, and they were destroyed.
8: 30 And he knew that it was because I was with you, O Jehovah, that I had given birth to Israel in Egypt, and that all the people of Israel were destroyed.
9: 30 Behold, this is the day of the Lord's commandment, and it is not in the midst of me, but it is in the hearts of the children, so that I may be afraid of them, so that I may be ashamed of them, and I will give them strength.
10: 30 As for the mother, she is the master of the Lord, the LORD, the LORD of hosts, and my captivity, the Lord of the kingdom of Israel, in the midst of Nebuchadreth, the son of the king of Babylon.
11: 30 And the people and the people were with him; they were stubborn; they were coming from them; they were coming to destroy the land of the land, and they threw away their greatness, even over the land of Mizoram, and they filled the land with fire.
12: 30 And I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will sell it to you, and I will give it to you in the hand of evil, and I will make it a waste of money, and I will fill it with the hand of a stranger.
13: 30 Cֽh-am֞r Adn֣i Iho֗h and Habdt֨i Glol֜im and Hsbt֤i Alilim֙ Mn֔f and Ns֥ia Maֽrtz-mtzr֖im L֣a Iֽhih-a֑od and Ntt֥i Ira֖h Ba֥rtz Mtzrֽim:
14: 30 And I have done my duty, and I have committed adultery, and I have sinned, and I have committed adultery, and I have done justice to myself.
15: 30 And I will return to you, and I will go to the house of the king of Israel, and I will bring you to the land of Israel.
16: 30 And I will bring fire to Israel, in Egypt, and I will go to the land of Israel, and the land of Israel will be destroyed, and the land will be destroyed, and the land will be destroyed.
17: 30 Behold, I will bring you forth, and I will be with you in the midst of the multitude, and he will be put to death, and I will return to you in the midst of your captivity.
18: 30 And it was in the midst of the heat of the furnace, that I felt the heat of my life, that I had lifted up the rain of the rain, and the land of the tribe of Israel came to rest, and I dwelt in it, behold, the people of Israel came to them, and they dwelt among them, so that they might be consumed, and they would build their houses, and they would return to their land.
19: 30 And he did that which I had judged in Egypt, and knew it, because I was not worthy of it.
20: 30 And there was in me another nine tenths of a hundred years, that is, in the seventh month of the seventh month of the seventh month of the twentieth century, there was a commandment of the LORD.
21: 30 Bn-ad֕m At-zr֛oa Fra֥h Mֽlc-mtzr֖im Sb֑rti and Hn֣h Lֽa-h֠bsh Lt֨t Rfa֜ot Ls֥om Ht֛ol Lhbs֥h Lhzk֖h Ltf֥s Bhֽrb: S.
22: 30 Lc֞n Ch-am֣r | Adn֣i Iho֗h Hnni֙ Al-fra֣h Mֽlc-mtzr֔im and Sֽbrti֙ At-zr֣at֔io At-hhzk֖h and At-hnsb֑rt and Hflt֥i At-hh֖rb Midֽo:
23: 30 And they took the Egyptians out of their houses, and brought them forth, and they kept them in their land.
24: 30 And thou shalt hasten the horns; and I will bring thee into the house, and I will bring the harp of my hand into the hand of his hand, and I will bring forth the seed of the fruit of the cow, and it shall bring forth the seed of the seed, and it shall flow to its nostrils.
25: 30 Hhzkt֗i At-zraot֙ M֣lc Bb֔l and Zra֥ot Fra֖h Tf֑lnh and ֽida֞o Cֽi-an֣i Iho֗h Btt֤i Hrbi֙ Bi֣d Mֽlc-bb֔l and Nt֥h Aot֖h Al-a֥rtz Mtzrֽim:
26: 30 And they took the Egyptians out of their midst, and brought them into their midst, and sacrificed them, but they were not in their land, and knew them, because they were not with me, but Jehovah was with them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 31   (18 verses)‬
1: 31 And there was a tenth of the ninth month of the month of Bashan, which was in the midst of the threshing floor, and it was the day of the LORD, saying, "Behold, I will come to you."
2: 31 And the son of Adam came to Amor, to Pharaoh, from Mezlach, to Mizoram, and to Hamon, to him, to the house of David, in the greatness of thy hand.
3: 31 But the woman was ashamed, and the son of Boaz was in her heart, and the son of the son of the son of Israel went up to her, and the children of the tribe of Israel were victorious, and the people of the land returned to her, and they returned to the land of the land, and they returned to the land of the land.
4: 31 מִ֣֣ ג ג גִּּד֔ל֔והוהו תְּה֖וםם רֽֽמממ֑֑תהוהו אֶת-נֲהֹרתת֗הָהללךך֙ סבב֣ב֣ותת מטטעע֔הּה ות- תְּעָלתת֣תָהִׁללחח֔ה אה א֖ל כל-עע֥צ֥י הששדדֽֽה::
5: 31 Therefore, the high-mindedness of the people, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty.
6: 31 And in the midst of the greatness of the people, they were numbered, all the people of the heavens, and the generations of his fathers, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the inhabitants of the land, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel and the people of Israel.
7:31 And he gave his greatness to him, and in his own way, his wives, and his children, so that he might be satisfied with him.
8: 31 ארזזם לֽאֽא- עֲמֻמהוווו בְּּג-אן אלהו֒ם בְּּרשש֗י לם לגיגן אללִי֒ם בְּר֗ש֗י לם ל֤֤א֤א דם א֙ם אלל-סּא-סר֗ש֔ם ל֤י֤א֤ם אְר-סי֙ם א֙ם אלל-סאֽי וי וי ום ועארר֥מ֥יו לֽי֖יֽי-היו וי ורארר֥י֥ם לֽיֽי-היו-הם אָי֖י֖י֥ם לֽי֖י֖יו בם בגּילי֙ין א֙י֙יו֑ם בגּיגי֙י א֙ל֙יו֙ם בגּיגין א֙ל֙יו֔ם בגּיגן אלל֔י֔ם א֙ם א֙ל֖י א֙ל֖יֽם א֙י אל֙י א֙ם א֙ל֖י א֙ל-עיוֽם בגּא-עי֙י אלם א֙ל֖י א֙ל-עי:י א֙ם א֙ל֖יו בם בגּא-על-עיו:ם א֙י:יו:ם בגּיגי:ה א֙ל֖יו בם בגּא-על-עי אלם א֙ל֖יו בם בגּיגי אלל:י:
9: 31 He hath done it, and hath done it, and it is in him, and the LORD hath given it to him, and he hath taken it, and he hath taken it.
10: 31 For this is how the Lord said, O Lord, I am the LORD, O God, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the Universe.
11: 31 And the sons of Nathanih made him captive to the children of Gilgal, because he did them, and he did them.
12: 31 Icrt֧ho Zr֛im Aritz֥i Goi֖m and ֽits֑ho Al-h֠hrim and Bcl-g֨ai֜ot Nfl֣o Dliot֗io and Tsb֤rnh Fֽartio֙ Bcl֙ Afik֣i Ha֔rtz and Ird֧o Mtzl֛o Cl-am֥i Ha֖rtz and ֽitsֽho:
13:31 For the man of the tribe of Israel, all the inhabitants of the land of Israel were brought up to him, and to Pharaoh, they were as they were, and they lived in the land of the land.
14: 31 Lm֡an Asr֩ La-igbh֨o Bkomt֜m Cl-atzi-m֗im and Lֽa-itn֤o At-tzmrtm֙ Al-b֣in Abt֔im and Lֽa-iamd֧o Alih֛m Bgbh֖m Cl-s֣ti M֑im Cֽi-clm֩ Ntn֨o Lm֜ot Al-a֣rtz Tht֗it Bt֛oc Bn֥i Ad֖m Al-i֥ordi Bֽor: S.
15: 31 Cֽh-am֞r Adn֣i Iho֗h Bi֨om Rdt֤o Sa֙olh֙ Hab֜lti Cs֤ti Alio֙ At-th֔om and ֽamna֙ Nhrot֔ih and Icla֖o M֣im Rb֑im and Akd֤r Alio֙ Lbn֔on and Cl-atz֥i Hsd֖h Al֥io Alfֽh:
16: 31 Mk֤ol Mflto֙ Hra֣sti Goi֔m Bhord֥i At֛o Sa֖olh At-i֣ordi B֑or and In֨hm֜o Ba֤rtz Thtit֙ Cl-atzi-a֔dn Mbh֥r and Tob-lbn֖on Cl-s֥ti Mֽim:
17: 31 And when thou hast come to him, he hath gone down, and hath taken him to the house of the wicked, and he hath rejoice, and hath sown;
18: 31 Al-m֨i Dm֥it C֛ch Bcb֥od and Bg֖dl Batzi-a֑dn and Hordt֨ [c] At-atzi-a֜dn Al-a֣rtz Tht֗it Bt֨oc Arl֤im Tscb֙ At-hlli-h֔rb H֤oa Frah֙ and Cl-hmon֔h [q] Na֖m Adn֥i Ihoֽh: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 32   (32 verses)‬
1: 32 And it shall be in the midst of the nine days of the tenth month, that it shall be done in two years, and it shall be the month of the month of the month, that is, the month of the month, the month of the month of the month, the day of the word of the LORD.
2: 32 Bn-ad֗m S֤a Kinh֙ Al-fra֣h Mֽlc-mtzr֔im and Amrt֣ Al֔io Cf֥ir Goi֖m Ndm֑it and Ath֙ Ctn֣im Bim֔im and T֣gh Bnhrot֗ic and Tdlh-m֙im֙ Brgl֔ic and Trf֖s Nhrotֽm:
2:32 Thus saith the Lord, Lord, have mercy on me, O Jehovah, and thou shalt go forth, O LORD thy God; for thou hast brought forth the inheritance of the people, and the people of the people, and the people of thy people, are in the heat of the mountains.
4: 32 And you shall not be ashamed of your country, but the land is upon me, the land of the earth, I will give you strength, and I will grant you prosperity. I will give you up all your wealth, and I will give you all the food.
5:32 And I brought your body to the ground, and it was full of them, and I was full of them, and the magicians were coming to you.
6:32 And the sackcloth is not the land of your scepter: it is your land, but it is not the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains.
7: 32 And I will cover you with your cup, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, so that I will give it to them, that they will lose it, and they will be destroyed, and they will not be burned, nor will they be afraid.
8: 32 All of you have been blessed, or are you in the midst of them? I have commanded them, because they are over your eyes, and I have given you the gift of your children, because I have given you up to you.
9: 32 And the people of Israel, the people of the land, shall not return to the land of Israel, but they shall return to their land, and they shall bring them to the land of Israel, but they shall not be afraid.
10: 32 Hsmot֨i Al֜ic Am֣im Rb֗im and Mlcihm֙ Isar֤o Al֙ic֙ S֔ar Baoff֥i Hrb֖i Al-fnih֑m and Hrd֤o Lrgaim֙ A֣is Lnfs֔o Bi֖om Mfltֽc: S.
11: 32 And when her eyes were broken, she looked down upon me, saying, "O LORD! Behold, I am the LORD, and I am the LORD, and I will return to you."
12: 32 In the midst of the mighty men of Galilee, the people of Israel have turned their backs on them, but they have not yet turned their backs, and they have turned away from the land of Israel, and they have committed all the famine.
13: 32 And I will not take any of them, but I will bring them all to death, and they will not be filled with bread, nor shall they be turned away, but they will not rejoice, but they will not go back to their land.
14: 32 And if the people of Israel, the people of Israel, shall be destroyed, they shall be destroyed, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall not be destroyed.
15: 32 Behold, thou shalt give up the land of Israel: for it is hot, and it is hot, and it is the land of the land, and it is not in the land of the land, but all the people that dwell therein, and know it, that they may not be, O Jehovah.
16: 32 And she said unto her, Behold, it is the voice of the children of the children of Israel, that they may be brought to death, and they shall be put to death for all the children of Israel, and over all the nations, they shall be cleansed, and they shall be given to them. Amen. Amen.
17: 32 And it was in the midst of the sixteenth day of the tenth month, that it was done in the fifth day, that it was done, and that the LORD had given birth to the LORD, and he said unto him, Speak unto me, O LORD,
18: 32 And the sons of Adon, the sons of Mordecai, were against Israel, and they brought down their wives, and their daughters, their wives, and their children, even unto the land of my life;
19: 32 Who is the prophet? Why did Mordecai go down, and she turned her back to Aral?
20: 32 Thou shalt not give thanks to the children of the people, but they shall be filled with kindness: for thou hast given it to them, and they have given it to them;
21: 32 And they spoke unto him, saying, Behold, they are mighty; and they are not; for they are not thy servants; they are the ones who have taken away their wickedness.
22: 32 But when they were ashamed, so was all the kohl: they were captives, and they were not buried, but they were not, and they were not, but they were the children of the prophets, and they were not in the house of the LORD.
23: 32 As for the people of Nazareth, they were buried, and they were buried in the villages of Beware, and they were there.
24: 32 S֤m Ailm֙ and Cl-hmon֔h Sbib֖ot Kbrt֑h Cl֣m Hllim֩ Hnfl֨im Bh֜rb Aֽsr-ird֥o Arl֣im | Al-a֣rtz Thti֗ot As֨r Ntn֤o Htitm֙ Ba֣rtz Hi֔im and Isa֥o Clmt֖m At-i֥ordi Bֽor:
25: 32 Bt֣oc H֠llim Ntn֨o Msc֥b Lh֙ Bcl-hmon֔h Sbֽibot֖io Kbrt֑h Cl֣m Arl֣im Hlli-h֡rb Cֽi-nt֨n Htit֜m Ba֣rtz Hi֗im and Isa֤o Clmtm֙ At-i֣ordi B֔or Bt֥oc Hll֖im Ntֽn:
26: 32 And when they were finished, they went to the house of the tribe of Hummon, and they returned to their villages, and they buried their villages, all of them, and the children of Israel were destroyed, and they were destroyed, because they were not destroyed, because they were not circumcised, but they were not in the land of the living of them.
27: 32 L֤a Iscbo֙ At-gbor֔im Nfl֖im Marl֑im As֣r Irdֽo-sa֣ol Bclֽi-mlhmtm֩ and Itn֨o At-hrbot֜m T֣ht Rasih֗m and Th֤i Aoֺֽntm֙ Al-atzmot֔m Cֽi-ht֥it Gbor֖im Ba֥rtz Hiֽim:
28: 32 And the daughter of Beth-arok came to Aral, and she returned to the house, and was able to bring the soldiers to the land.
29: 32 A man is a man, a man of his own, and of all the men of his people, who have given him strength in their glory: they have given the people of the land a great multitude, and they have multiplied the people of the land, so that they may rejoice in them;
30: 32 S֣mh Nsic֥i Tzf֛on Cl֖m and Cl-tzֽdn֑i Asr-ird֣o At-hll֗im Bhtit֤m [c] Mgbֽortm֙ Bos֔im and Iscb֤o Arlim֙ At-hlli-h֔rb and Isa֥o Clmt֖m At-i֥ordi Bֽor:
31: 32 And you shall see the people of Pharaoh, the LORD, and they shall be put to rest on all the earth, and the people shall be with him, and all his soldiers shall be given to them.
32: 32 When I gave birth to him, I gave him a gift, and he gave him life in the land of the living, and he gave up the inheritance of the children of Israel, and made the people of the land of the LORD king of Pharaoh and of all the people of the land.
‪xxxx  Chapter 33   (33 verses)‬
1:33 And he said, "Speak to me, O LORD, and I will come to you."
2: 33 Bn-ad֗m Db֤r Al-bnֽi-amc֙ and Amrt֣ Alih֔m A֕rtz Cֽi-ab֥ia Al֖ih H֑rb and Lkh֨o Am-ha֜rtz A֤is Ahd֙ Mktzih֔m and Ntn֥o At֛o Lh֖m Ltzfֽh:
3:33 And he saw the threshing floor, and brought it to the ground, and took it in the threshing floor, and saw it that illuminated the valley.
4:33 And when he went up, he took the rod of the trumpet, and he gave it to him, and he took it away, and took it away, and took it, and took it to him, and it took him into his head, and he gave it to him.
5:33 And when the voice of the sorcerer was heard, he heard the voice of the man, and he came to him, saying, "This is what the people of Israel have done."
6: 33 and ֠htzfh Cֽi-ira֨h At-hh֜rb Ba֗h and Lֽa-tk֤a Bsofr֙ and Ha֣m Lֽa-nzh֔r and Tb֣oa H֔rb and Tk֥h Mh֖m N֑fs H֚oa Baoֺn֣o Nlk֔h and Dm֖o Miֽd-htzf֥h Adrֽs: S.
7:33 And behold, Son of Adon, Zippo, I gave you a gift, to the LORD, to you, and to the voice of the LORD, and to the voice of the Lord.
8: 33 In the words of the Lord, the Lord is the wicked, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
9:33 And this is the way that this is the root of the root of the earth, because of its slope, so that there is a light from the water, and not from it, but from the depth of the earth, and from it the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
10:33 And behold, son of Adam, they were saying, "Behold, you are the children of Israel, so be it, so that you may say, 'Let us be silent, because our crime is against us, and our sins are committed against us, and we will kill them, and we will destroy them, and we will give you victory, and we will give you victory.'"
11: 33 Am֨r Alih֜m Hi-a֣ni | Na֣m | Adn֣i Iho֗h Am-ahftz֙ Bm֣ot Hrs֔a C֣i Am-bs֥ob Rs֛a Mdrc֖o and Hi֑h S֣obo S֜obo Mdrcic֧m Hra֛im and L֥mh Tm֖oto B֥it Israֽl: P.
12: 33 At֣h Bn-ad֗m Am֤r Al-bnֽi-amc֙ Tzdk֣t Htzd֗ik L֤a Ttzil֙no֙ Bi֣om Fsa֔o and Rsa֤t Hֽrsa֙ Lֽa-ic֣sl ​​B֔h Bi֖om Sob֣o Mֽrsa֑o and Tzd֗ik L֥a Ioc֛l Lֽhi֥ot B֖h Bi֥om Htatֽo:
13:33 And he said to him, Lazzidik, he is alive, and he is his life, and he is the son of his righteous husband, and he hath committed all things to him: his righteousness, his righteousness, his righteousness, his righteousness, and his iniquity, which he hath done;
14:33 And he said unto him, Lord, I pray thee, thou shalt not return, and thou shalt not return, and thou shalt not return.
15:33 And the son of Levi, the captain of the tribe of Geshal, was a gazelle; he was the one who took them captive in the law of the LORD, and he gave them life, and he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not grieve: for he hath made his life alive: and he hath revived his life;
16: 33- All his sins are his sins, and he is the Lord, the Lord of the Hittites, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful.
17: 33 And they said, Behold, your people, your people, shall not be blessed; they shall be blessed, and they shall be blessed, and they shall not be destroyed.
18:33 When he returned to Tzedek, he was beseeching him, and he made him go astray, and they were there in their midst.
19:33 And when the Lord was satisfied, he became a man of wickedness, and he did his work, and he gave him strength, and he gave him justice, and he went up to them;
20: 33 And you shall say unto them, Behold, ye shall not be blessed; for the Lord is thy lord; for he is the man of thy righteousness, and he hath not given up his power;
21:33 And it came to pass, that it was nine o'clock, ten years, that it was in the tenth month of the month, that it was revealed to them, to be revealed to them, to be revealed to them: behold, the Philistines were not with them, but they were destroyed, and they were not numbered.
22:33 And the hand of the LORD came to him, and he gave him to him, but he did not turn away before me, because he was the Philistine, and he took away the Philistines, even before him, but he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be bald, and thou shalt be afraid of me, and I will not be afraid.
23:33 And there was a word of the LORD, saying, 'Come, let me not go!'
24: 33 Bn-ad֗m I֠sbi Hhrb֨ot Ha֜lh Al-adm֤t Isral֙ Amr֣im Lam֔r Ahd֙ Hi֣h Abrh֔m and Iir֖s At-ha֑rtz and An֣hno Rb֔im L֛no Ntn֥h Ha֖rtz Lmorsֽh: S.
25: 33 Therefore, the people of Amor rebelled against them, so that the people of Israel came to them, saying, "The people of Israel are with you, and they are not with you, nor are your enemies, but you shall bear witness to them, and they shall be exalted, and you shall not be oppressed, and the land shall be destroyed."
26: 33 Thou shalt not go up against them, but thou shalt not do thyself, but do not commit adultery with the wife of a wicked man: for they have become unclean, and they have been destroyed.
27: 33 Cֽh-tam֨r Alh֜m Ch-am֨r Adn֣i Ihoh֮ Hi-ani֒ Am-l֞a As֤r Bֽhrbot֙ Bh֣rb If֔lo and ֽasr֙ Al-fn֣i Hsd֔h Lhi֥h Ntt֖io Lacl֑o and As֛r Bmtzd֥ot and Bmar֖ot Bd֥br Imֽoto:
28: 33 And thou hast brought the earth away, that is, the heavens, and the heavens, and the land of Gathon, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of Israel;
29: 33 And he knew that it was because I was with him, the LORD, that he had given birth to the LORD, that he had given up the name of the LORD, and that he had given it to him, and that he had given up all their lusts.
30: 33 At֣h Bn-ad֔m Bn֣i Amc֗ Hndbr֤im Bc֙ A֣tzl Hkir֔ot and Bfth֖i Hbt֑im and Dbr-h֣d At-ah֗d A֤is At-ahio֙ Lam֔r Bֽao-n֣a and Sma֔o M֣h Hdb֔r Hiotz֖a Ma֥t Ihoֽh:
31: 33 Ib֣oao A֠lic Cmboa-a֞m and Isb֤o Lfn֙ic֙ Am֔i and Sֽmao֙ At-dbr֔ic and Aot֖m L֣a Iֽas֑o Cֽi-agb֤im Bfihm֙ H֣mh As֔im Ahr֥i Btza֖m Lb֥m Hlֽc:
32: 33 And you shall give them a favor, as it is the light of the air, and it shall be poured out for them, and they shall be filled with gold, and they shall be filled with gold, and they shall not be afraid; and they shall not obey you. Do not speak your words, and do what they do not do.
33:33 And when she came, she gave her bread, and she knew it, because it was not because she was hungry, but she was in her house.
‪xxxx  Chapter 34   (31 verses)‬
1: 34 And he said, "Speak to me, O LORD, and I will come unto you."
2: 34 Bn-ad֕m Hnb֖a Al-roa֣i Isra֑l Hnb֣a and Amrt֩ Alih֨m Lra֜im C֥h [1] Am֣r | Adn֣i Iho֗h H֤oi Raֽi-isral֙ As֤r Hio֙ Ra֣im Aot֔m Hl֣oa Htz֔an Ira֖o Hraֽim:
3: 34 Thou shalt not eat the meat, nor the meat, nor the milk, nor the milk of the broiler, nor the bread of the broiler;
4: 34 Aֽt-hnhlot֩ L֨a Hzkt֜m and At-hhol֣h Lֽa-rfat֗m and Lnsb֙rt֙ L֣a Hbst֔m and At-hnd֙ht֙ L֣a Hsbt֔m and At-hab֖dt L֣a Bkst֑m and Bhzk֛h Rdit֥m At֖m and Bfֽrc:
5: 34 And thou shalt come out of the midst of the earth, and go down to me: and thou shalt come to eat, and eat it for all the life of the field, and thou shalt come out of it.
6: 34 And my flock shall be ashamed; they shall be in the midst of all the mountains, and they shall go up all over the mountains, and they shall go up to it, and all the children of Israel shall come forth; for they are not, and they shall not be thirsty; they shall not be thirsty.
7: 34 For they are evil, and they hear the voice of the LORD, because the LORD is the LORD.
8: 34 Hi-a֜ni Na֣m | Adn֣i Iho֗h Am-l֣a I֣an Hiֽot-tzan֣i | Lb֡z and Tֽhiinh֩ Tzan֨i Lacl֜h Lcl-hi֤t Hsdh֙ Ma֣in Ra֔h and Lֽa-drs֥o Ra֖i At-tzan֑i and Ira֤o Hֽraim֙ Aot֔m and At-tzan֖i L֥a Raֽo: S.
9: 34 Therefore, he is the Lord of the wicked, he who hears the word of the LORD is not the LORD.
10: 34 Ch-am֞r Adn֣i Iho֗h Hnn֨i Aֽl-hra֜im and ֽdrst֧i At-tzan֣i Mid֗m and Hsbtim֙ Mra֣ot Tz֔an and La-ira֥o A֛od Hra֖im Aot֑m and Htzlt֤i Tzani֙ Mfih֔m and Lֽa-thi֥in Lh֖m Laclֽh: S.
11: 34 For when the mother of Israel came down to me, I saw him, saying, O LORD, I am with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will come to you.
12: 34 Cbkrt֩ Ra֨h Adr֜o Biom-hiot֤o Btoc-tzano֙ Nfrs֔ot C֖n Abk֣r At-tzan֑i and Htzlt֣i Ath֗m Mcl-hmkomt֙ As֣r Nf֣tzo S֔m Bi֥om An֖n and Arfֽl:
13:34 And they took the men out of the people, and gathered them together, because they were not in the land of their wives, and brought them to the land of their land, and they were terrified of them, even unto the mountains, and the children of Israel were in the midst of the mountains, and in the midst of them the inhabitants of the land were restored.
14: 34 Bmrah-tob֙ Ara֣h At֔m and Bhr֥i Mrֽom-isra֖l Ihi֣h Noh֑m S֤m Trb֙tznh֙ Bn֣oh T֔ob and Mra֥h Sm֛n Tra֖inh Al-hr֥i Israֽl:
15: 34 I will not go down, but I will go down, and I will come to them;
16: 34 At-hab֤dt Abks֙ and At-hnd֣ht As֔ib and Lnsb֣rt Ahb֔s and At-hhol֖h Ahz֑k and At-hsmn֧h and At-hhzk֛h Asm֖id Ara֥nh Bmsfֽt:
17: 34 And thou shalt bring up the flock, for it is true, O LORD, O LORD! Behold, the LORD is the judge, and he is the judge of the people of the land, because she has given her strength to the children, and they have not been afraid of them.
18: 34 And he said unto them, Thou shalt not lift up thy wickedness: and thou shalt not tremble, but thou shalt not tremble, and they shall not be put to rest: and they shall be trampled upon, and in their feet, they shall be filled with bread, and they shall be filled with bread.
19: 34 And I will bring you up to your feet, and I will roll your feet, and I will shake your knees, and I will lift up your feet, and I will lift up your feet.
20: 34 For this is the truth, but the Lord is with me, O LORD, for I am with her, for I am with you, for I am with you, and my judgment is in the midst of the anger of the children of Israel.
21: 34 And the children of the tribe of Zechariah, and the children of Thamadah, and Thabath, and all the sons of the tribe of Nathagah;
22: 34 And I will save you, and I will not be pleased with you, and I will not be afraid of you, and I will return to you, and I will be afraid of you.
23: 34 And he rose up, and went up against them, and rode with them, and each one of them was evil: behold, thou art the servant of the servant, the servant of the servant of the servant of the LORD, the servant of the LORD, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts.
24: 34 And I said unto them, O LORD, behold, my God hath given them bread, and they are not, and they are servants of the LORD, yet they are not in thy house, but I am with thee, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, my Lord.
25: 34 And I will surely bring them to the land of Israel, the land of the land of Israel, and of the land of the land of Israel, the living of the land, and of the land, and of the land of the land, and of the land of Israel, to the land of the land, and to the land of the land of the wilderness.
26: 34 And I gave them to you, and they turned away from you, and in the midst of your knees, I brought you down, and put you down, because I was there in the midst of you, and in the midst of you, I was ashamed of you.
27: 34 Ntn֩ A֨tz Hsd֜h At-fri֗o and Ha֙rtz֙ Tt֣n Ibol֔h and Hi֥o Al-admt֖m Lb֑th and ֽida֞o Ci-an֣i Iho֗h Bsbri֙ At-mt֣ot Al֔m and H֨tzlt֔im Mi֖d Habd֥im Bhֽm:
28: 34 And they did not go into the wilderness, but they came to them, and the life of the land came to them, so that they could not be consumed, and that they returned to their land, and they returned to their land, and they were not afraid of them.
29: 34 And I will bring them up to them, and they will not be put to death, but they will not go, but they will not go up against me, nor shall I be crucified, but a raven is in the midst of the earth, and they shall not bear the burden of their enemies.
30: 34 And he knew that, because I was with him, the LORD, the LORD, the God, the God, the God, the God, the God, the Father, the Son, the Son, the Son, the Son, the Son, and the Son;
31: 34 And thou shalt go up to me, for I am evil; for I have gone astray; but I have not seen them; yet I am not with them;
‪xxxx  Chapter 35   (15 verses)‬
1: 35 And he said, "Speak to me, O LORD, and I will come unto you,
2: 35 Behold, they shall not turn away from thee; for thou shalt not see the light of the moon;
3:35 And if thou hast given it to him, saith, O Lord, I pray thee, O LORD, O LORD, I am with thee, O LORD thy God, O LORD of hosts, and I will bring thee into my hand, and I will give thee thy hand, and I will give thee thy name, and her name, and her honor.
4: 35 Thou art great; thou shalt be sore: thou shalt not go, but thou shalt be fat, and thou shalt not know it; and thou shalt know it: for I am not with thee, O LORD,
Verse 35: 35 And they said unto you, Behold, thou shalt reproach them, and transgress them: and they reproach the sons of Israel, even the children of Israel, by the hands of the children of the LORD, because of the wickedness of their idols, but in the midst of their wickedness,
6: 35 For this is the life of my children, that I have given birth to you, O Lord, O LORD, O LORD, for I am your God, and I will give them to you, and I will bring them back to you, and they will not be persecuted.
7: 35 And I gave the commandment of the Lord, the day of the fire, to the heat of the heavens, and to the heavens, and to the heat of the earth, and to the burning of the earth.
8: 35 And I will fill up the mountains with you, and it will be your strength, and your gates will be filled with you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will give you all your strength.
9: 35 And when the people of the world go up, they will give you strength, and your cities will not be destroyed. You will be destroyed. You will lose hope, and you will know what they want.
10: 35 And they said unto them, I will make thy way unto thee, that they may be angry with them, and the six men that are in the land, that they may come to him, that they may be satisfied;
11: 35 For this is the life of my people, that I may be worthy of the LORD, O LORD, and I will do to you, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
12: 35 And you shall know that I am the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD.
13: 35 And they overcame me because they were in their mouths, and they gave them their iniquity: but I spoke to them, saying, I am not there;
14:35 So the Lord said, O Lord, O LORD! Behold, when all things are done, all the earth shall be made desolate, and I will make you happy.
15: 35 Csmh֨tc֜ Lnhl֧t Bֽit-isra֛l A֥l Asr-sm֖mh C֣n Aash-l֑c Smm֨h Tֽhi֤h Hr-sair֙ and Cl-ad֣om Cl֔h and Ida֖o Cֽi-an֥i Ihoֽh: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 36   (38 verses)‬
1: 36 And you, son of Adam, gave birth unto the LORD, and the people of Israel rose up, and raised up the mountains of Israel, saying, "Hear, I pray you, O nation of Israel!"
2: 36 So said the Lord, O Lord, O LORD, O Lord, O Lord, the Lord is the Lord, and the Lord is the One, and the Lord is the One, and the Lord is the One, and He is the One.
3: 36 Lcn֙ Hnb֣a and Amrt֔ C֥h Am֖r Adn֣i Iho֑h I֣an Bi֡an Smot֩ and Sa֨f Atc֜m Msb֗ib Lֽhiotc֤m Mֽorsh֙ Lsar֣it Hgoi֔m and Tֽal֛o Al-sf֥t Ls֖on and Dbt-aֽm:
4: 36 Lcn֙ Hr֣i Isra֔l Sma֖o Dbr-adn֣i Iho֑h Cֽh-am֣r Adn֣i I֠hoh Lhr֨im and Lgba֜ot Lafik֣im and Lgai֗ot and Lhrb֤ot Hsֽmmot֙ and Lar֣im Hnazb֔ot As֨r Hi֤o Lbz֙ and Ll֔ag Lsar֥it Hgoi֖m As֥r Msbֽib: S.
5: 36 Lc֗n Cֽh-amr֮ Adn֣i Ihoh֒ Am-l֠a Ba֨s Knat֥i Db֛rti Al-sar֥it Hgoi֖m and Al-ad֣om Cl֑a As֣r Ntnֽo-at-artz֣i | L֠hm Lm֨ors֜h Bsmh֤t Cl-lbb֙ Bsa֣t N֔fs Lm֥an Mgrs֖h Lbֽz:
6: 36 Lc֕n Hnb֖a Al-adm֣t Isra֑l and Amrt֡ Lhr֣im and ֠lgbaot Lafik֨im and Lgai֜ot Cֽh-am֣r | Adn֣i Iho֗h Hnn֨i Bknat֤i and Bhmti֙ Db֔rti I֛an Clm֥t Goi֖m Nsatֽm:
7: 36 For as for her, she said, O Lord, I am with you, O LORD, O LORD, I am with you, for I am not worthy of you, yet I am the mother of all men, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the most merciful.
8: 36 And ye, beware of them, have mercy on Israel, and they shall not be with you;
9: 36 For now, I am with you, and I ask you, and I will follow them, and you shall serve them, and you shall be disgusted with them.
10: 36 And I will multiply thee, O God, over thee: for they are all, and all the children of Israel shall be full, and they shall be gathered together; and they shall sit down again: they shall be lifted up, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall be built.
11: 36 And I will multiply you, and I will bring them to them, and they will fight against you, and I will multiply them, and they will be destroyed, and they will be destroyed, and they will be destroyed, and they will be destroyed, and I will not give them up.
12: 36 And I will go to you, O Israel, when you shall go down with me: for Israel is not, and I will make your inheritance, and I will be your wives; for they shall not be merciful to you, neither shall I be tempted to go down to the land of the land of Samaria.
13: 36 So said the Lord, O Lord, I pray thee, O LORD, I am saying: I am saying unto you, I will not eat them, but I will be with you, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee.
14: 36 For they are not men, but they are not my servants, and they are not, nor are they, nor are they, nor are they, nor are they, but they are not.
15: 36 And they shall not be guilty, but they shall not go up against them, but all the nations shall come to them, and they shall be burned with men, and they shall not bear the burden, nor shall they be ashamed, nor shall they be ashamed of themselves.
16: 36 And he said, "Speak to me, O LORD, and I will come unto you."
17:36 Son of Adam, the Israelites were born, they were returning to their land, and they were in their way, and they were not in their way, and their families were in the midst of them, as the people of the tribe of Israel were in their midst, and they were waiting for them, because they were in front of them.
18: 36 And I will give you bread, and I will give you bread, and I will give it to you for the sake of the people, and I will give it to you for the land, and I will give it to you, and I will not give it to you.
19: 36 And I will make them angry with them, and they will come to them, and they will return to their land, and their righteousness will be with them, and their majesty shall be fulfilled.
20: 36 And the sons of G-d sent them to the gods, and they that were in their midst, and they were destroyed, and they were afraid of them, but they were not holy: for the people of Amor were with them, the people of the LORD, and they were with them, and they ran away from him in their midst.
21: 36 And Ahmuel, for their sakes, was holy; but as for the children of Israel, they were not ashamed of them, but the children of Israel were with them, and they were not with them;
22: 36 Lc֞n Am֣r Lbֽit-isra֗l C֤h Amr֙ Adn֣i Iho֔h L֧a Lmanc֛m An֥i As֖h B֣it Isra֑l C֤i Am-lsm-kdsi֙ As֣r Hllt֔m Bgoi֖m Asr-b֥atm Sֽm:
23: 36 Kdst֞i At-sm֣i Hgd֗ol Hֽmhll֙ Bgoi֔m As֥r Hllt֖m Btoc֑m and Ida֨o Hgoi֜m Ci-an֣i Iho֗h Nam֙ Adn֣i Iho֔h Bhkds֥i Bc֖m Lainihֽm:
24: 36 And I took you, I besought them, because of their captivity, and gathered them, I besought them from all the land, and brought them, and brought them to their land.
25: 36 And thou shalt bring them unto me: for they have gone astray, and they have been cleansed, and they have been cleansed, and they have been destroyed, and they have gone astray.
26: 36 And I will give you strength, and I will give it to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
27: 36 And the spirit of them, I brought them to you in the midst of you, and did what I had done, which was in my judgments, that ye might judge him, and judge him, that he might keep his promise, and do them.
28: 36 And I will sit them down in the midst of the earth, but I will not give them to their fathers, because they will come to them, and I will give them to me, but they will not go back to them, and they will come down to me, and I will give them bread to God.
29: 36 And I will deliver you, and I will bring you to the land of Israel, and I will bring you to the garden, and I will multiply it with you, and I will not bring it to you.
30: 36 And I will multiply the fruit of thorns, and the thorns, and the thorns, and the thorns, and the thorns, and the thorns, and the thorns, and the thorns, the thorns, the thorns, the thorns, the thorns, the thorns, the thorns;
31: 36 And you shall remember your ways, and they shall be wicked; and they shall not go up against them; but they shall not be oppressed, nor shall they be oppressed, nor shall they be iniquity: but they shall not perish, but they shall be consumed, and they shall not go hungry.
32: 36 Lo, I am not with you, but I am not with you, but I am with you, I am with you, and I am with you, O LORD, and I am with you, and I will go to you, and I will go to you, and I will go to you, and I will go to you.
33: 36 As for her, she said, O Lord, I am with you, O LORD, O LORD, and in the day of thy death, thou shalt not go down, but thou shalt not go astray, and they will not be with thee, and behold, I will bring thee back, and I will not lift up the fire, and they shall build it.
34: 36 And it was the land of the people, that is, they were angry with them, but they were afraid of them, because there was no rain, and there was no rain, and there was no rain.
35: 36 And he said, 'Behold, this is the land which is the land of the people, because it is the garden of Eden, and the cities are the mountains of the wilderness, and the cities are deserted, and the land is desolate, and the ruins are destroyed, in the form of fortifications.
36: 36 And he knew that they were coming, and that they had been married, and that they had been married, and that they had been blessed, so that they were not worthy of them, and that they were not worthy of the LORD, but the LORD was with me, and the LORD was with me.
37: 36 Thus said the Lord, O Lord, O LORD, O LORD, O Israel, are you not worthy of the Lord, and the people of Israel shall not do to them, but to them they shall not, but I will multiply them with them, and they shall not be consumed.
38: 36 כְּּצּ֣א קן קּֽדֽש֗ש֗ם כצּצ֤א ין ירורוש֙ל֙םםם֙ם בְּמ֣ועע֔ד֔הָה כה֤ה֤ה֤ה תה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה כה כה֤ה֤ה֤ה יה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה כה֤ה֤ה יה יה֙ה֙ה֙הֽה֙ה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה ו וי֥י֥י יה ו וי֥י֥י יה ו וי֥י֥י יה ו וי֥י֥י יה ו וי֥י֥י יה ו וי֥י֥י יה ו וי֥י֥י יה ו וי֥י֥י יה ו וי֥י֥י יה ו וי֥י֥י יה ו וי֥י֥י יה ו וי֥י֥י יה ו וי֥י֥ה ו וי֥י֥ה ו וי֥י֥י יה ו וי֥י֥י יה ו וי֥י֥י יה אֲה֥ה יה אֲי֥י יה אְהֽהֽה אֲה יהֽה יְהוֽה::
‪xxxx  Chapter 37   (28 verses)‬
1: 37 Behold, I have given up the hand of the hand of Jehovah, and I have come out of the house of Yahweh, and the LORD hath given me the inheritance of the children of Israel, and I have come to you.
2: 37 And the transgressors of the children of Israel were on them, and the people of the tribe of Sabib, and the people of Judah were fighting over them, and they were very much in the hands of the people, and the people of the land came to them.
And he said unto them, Behold, son of man, ye have given up the fire, and the LORD hath given it to him, and the LORD hath given it to the LORD.
4:37 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt bring up the things of the children, and they shall say unto them, and I will bring unto them, the mighty things, that which shall be consumed, that they may hear: O God, saith the LORD.
5:37 Thus saith the LORD, O LORD, O LORD! Behold, I am the LORD, and I will bring you to the house, and I will bring it to you.
6: 37 And I will give you up, and I will bring you up to you, and I will go up to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will give you life, and I will live with them, and I will know them.
7:37 And he gave me up as a wife, because I commanded my people, and he was a great man, so that I would not be with you, and that he would be with you, and you would be close to him, and I would bring myself to you.
8: 37 And they saw me, and they, behold, they were great; they were great, and they were burning up on them, and they came down to them, and carried them up, and they were burned down, and they were burned, and there was no bread in them.
9: 37 and I֣amr Al֔i Hnb֖a Al-hr֑oh Hnb֣a Bn-a֠dm and Amrt֨ [c] Al-hr֜oh Cֽh-am֣r | Adn֣i Iho֗h Marb֤a Rohot֙ B֣ai Hr֔oh and Fh֛i Bhrog֥im Ha֖lh and Iֽhiֽo:
10: 37 And I will bring you up, as I have commanded, and I have commanded you, and I will be with them, behold, I will see them, and I will be with them, and I will be with them, and I will go down to them on their feet, and they shall not go down, nor shall I be afraid of them.
11: 37 And he said unto them, Behold, son of man, they are the children, and they are all the children of Israel, all the children of Israel, saying, Behold, we are saying, saying, Behold, we shall be ashamed: for our power is in our hands, and we have lost our hearts;
12: 37 Lcn֩ Hnb֨a and Amrt֜ Alih֗m Cֽh-amr֮ Adn֣i Ihoh֒ Hnh֩ An֨i Ft֜h At-kbrֽotic֗m and Halit֥i Atc֛m Mkbrotic֖m Am֑i and Hbat֥i Atc֖m Al-adm֥t Israֽl: S.
13:37 And you shall know them, because I am not in the house of the LORD, but in the mouth of the LORD, I will call them, and they shall come to you, and I will bring them up to you: and I will bring them to you, and I will bring them together with them.
14: 37 And I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength over your knowledge, and I will know them, for I am with you, O LORD, my God, my Lord, my Lord, and my servant.
15:37 And he said, "Speak to me, O LORD, and I will come to you."
16: 37 At֣h Bn-ad֗m Kh-lc֙ A֣tz Ah֔d and Ct֤b Alio֙ Lֽihod֔h and Lbn֥i Isra֖l * ** Hbr֑io friend and Lkh֙ A֣tz Ah֔d and Ct֣ob Al֗io Liosf֙ A֣tz Afr֔im and Cl-b֥it Isra֖l * ** Hbrֽio: friend
17:37 And it came to pass, that ye were another brother, and another to you, and to you, to the king, and to your brother, and to your brother, and to you, to your brother;
18: 37 And as for Abraham, saying, Behold, I pray thee unto thee, thy people, and unto thy people, and unto them, and unto them, and unto them, and unto them,
19: 37 Db֣r Alh֗m Cֽh-amr֮ Adn֣i Ihoh֒ Hnh֩ An֨i Lk֜h At-a֤tz Iosf֙ As֣r Bid-afr֔im and Sbt֥i Isra֖l * ** Hbr֑io friend and Ntti֩ Aot֨m Al֜io At-a֣tz Ihod֗h and ֽasitm֙ La֣tz Ah֔d and Hi֥o Ah֖d Bidֽi:
20: 37 And be ye, the children, that are rich, and that thou shalt bring them up; for they are in thy hands, and they are not in their sight.
21: 37 Db֣r Alih֗m Cֽh-amr֮ Adn֣i Ihoh֒ Hn֨h An֤i Lk֙h֙ At-bn֣i Isra֔l Mb֥in Hgoi֖m As֣r Hֽlco-s֑m and Kbtzt֤i Atm֙ Msb֔ib and Hbat֥i Aot֖m Al-admtֽm:
22: 37 As֣iti A֠tm Lg֨oi Ah֤d Ba֙rtz֙ Bhr֣i Isra֔l and M֧lc Ah֛d Iֽhi֥h Lcl֖m Lm֑lc and L֤a * will-** Iֽhio-aod֙ Lsn֣i Goi֔m and L֨a Ih֥tzo A֛od Lst֥i Mmlc֖ot Aֽod:
23: 37 L֧a Iֽtma֣o A֗od Bglֽolihm֙ and Bsk֣otzih֔m and Bc֖l Fsaih֑m and Hosat֣i At֗m Mc֤l Mosbֽtihm֙ As֣r Hta֣o Bh֔m and Thrt֤i Aotm֙ and Hio-l֣i La֔m and An֕i Ahi֥h Lh֖m Lalhֽim:
24: 37 And Obadiah, David, is your servant, because of them, and they have gone down against you, and they are not in judgment, but they are in judgment, and they have been punished, and the law has not yet been fulfilled, and they have done justice to them.
25: 37 Isb֣o Al-ha֗rtz As֤r Nt֙ti֙ Labd֣i Liֽak֔b As֥r Iֽsbo-b֖h Abֽotic֑m and Isb֣o Al֡ih H֠mh and Bnih֞m and Bn֤i Bnihm֙ Ad-aol֔m and Do֣d Abd֔i Ns֥ia Lh֖m Laolֽm:
26: 37 And I will give them strength to them, and they will be in the midst of them, and they will be destroyed, but they will not be destroyed, and they will give them bread, and I will sacrifice them for them, and I will give them their sanctuary, and I will bring them to their tents.
27: 37 And it was my dwelling place, that I made up for them: and I gave them to them, to them, to God, to them, and to them, and to them, to them, to them, to them.
28: 37 And they knew that they were mighty, but that I was not worthy of the LORD, but the LORD had sanctified the people of Israel, because they were in the sanctuary of the sanctuary, but in their midst they were still alive.
‪xxxx  Chapter 38   (23 verses)‬
1: 38 And there came to me a word of the LORD, saying, 'Behold, I am not a believer.'
2: 38 Son of man, they shall not turn away from thee, but thou shalt go up to the house of the mighty men of the sea, and they shall be filled with rain, and the fire of the fire shall be upon the fire of the fire, and the fire shall be upon thee.
3:38 And he said unto him, Behold, thou art not, O Lord, O LORD, O Jehovah, behold, I am unto thee, O God, I am the Lord of the worlds, and I will bring thee forth.
4: 38 S֣obbt֔ic and Ntt֥i Hh֖im Blhi֑ic and Hotzati֩ Aotc֨ [c] and At-cl-hil֜c Sos֣im and Frs֗im Lbs֤i Mclol֙ Cl֔m Kh֥l Rb֙ Tzn֣h and Mg֔n Tfs֥i Hrb֖ot Clֽm:
5:38 So they went out of the house, and went to the house, and they came to them, and they came to them.
6:38 G-dumer and all the Agaphethites, Beethoven, Thou, and Thorn, and Thou, and Thou, and Thou, and all the Pharos, and Thou art great among them;
7:38 Behold, it is so and so for you, that you have come to me, and all the tents of you have been blessed, because they are not on your face, and they have been given to them, because they are not in heaven.
8: 38 Mim֣im Rbim֮ Tfkd֒ Bahr֨it Hsn֜im Tb֣oa | Al-a֣rtz | Msob֣bt Mh֗rb Mkb֙tzt֙ Mam֣im Rb֔im A֚l Hr֣i Isra֔l Asr-hi֥o Lhrb֖h Tm֑id and Hia֙ Mam֣im Hotz֔ah and Isb֥o Lb֖th Clֽm:
9: 38 And you shall go up to the land of the land of Israel, as it is the land of the land of Israel, so that we may return to the land of Israel, and the land of Israel shall be destroyed, and the land of Israel shall be with you, and all your people will be destroyed.
10: 38 As for her, she said, O Lord, be with me, O LORD, be with me, and behold, behold, the children of Israel are the children of Israel, and the people of Israel are in the midst of their hearts.
11: 38 And he said, I will go down, and I will go down to the land of Israel, and I will go to the land of Israel, and I will return to the land of Israel, and I will return to the land of Israel, and I will return to you.
12: 38 Behold, it is the same, that is, and that is, that is, that is, that is, your heart shall return to the earth, even unto the people of the land, and the people of the land shall return to their land, and they shall return to their land, and they shall not be put to death; and they shall rejoice: for they shall dwell upon the goodness of the land of the land.
13: 38 Sb֡a and ֠ddn and Shr֨i Trs֤is and Cl-cfr֙ih֙ Iamr֣o Lc֔ Hlsl֤l Sll֙ At֣h B֔a Hlb֥z B֖z Hkh֣lt Khl֑c Ls֣at | C֣sf and Zh֗b Lk֙ht֙ Mkn֣h and Kni֔n Lsl֖l Sl֥l Gdֽol: S.
14:38 Therefore, behold, the son of Adam was their son, and he said to him, "Glory be to you, that is, I will see you, O Lord!" The LORD said, "Behold, I am not afraid of you." "Behold, I will be with you." "Behold, I will be with you in the midst of the people, but I will raise my heart to you."
15: 38 And I will bring you out of your kingdom, and I will bring you forth from the land of the land, and the people of Zion, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, multiply, and multiply, and multiply;
16: 38 Al֙it֙ Al-am֣i Isra֔l Cֽan֖n Lcs֣ot Ha֑rtz Bahr֨it Him֜im Tֽhi֗h and Hbaot֙ic֙ Al-artz֔i Lman֩ D֨at Hgoi֜m At֗i Bhkds֥i Bc֛ Lainih֖m Gֽog: S.
17: 38 Cֽh-am֞r Adn֣i Iho֗h Hֽath-h֨oa Asr-db֜rti Bim֣im Kdmon֗im Bid֙ Abdi֙ Nbia֣i Isra֔l Hֽnba֛im Bim֥im Hh֖m Sn֑im Lhb֥ia Atc֖ Alihֽm: S.
18: 38 And he said, "Behold, I will come unto you, and behold, I will be in the midst of them, and I will go down to the land of Edom, and I will bring them to Israel."
19:38 And I begged you, because of the fire of the desert, but I said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be afraid: behold, there is no god but God: for he is mighty, and mighty, and mighty, and mighty, and mighty, and mighty, and mighty.
20: 38 Ras֣o Mfn֡i Dg֣i Him֩ and A֨of Hsm֜im and Hi֣t Hsd֗h and Cl-hr֙ms֙ Hrm֣s Al-hֽadm֔h and Cl֙ Hֽad֔m As֖r Al-fn֣i Hadm֑h and Nhrs֣o Hhr֗im and Nֽflo֙ Hmdrg֔ot and Cl-hom֖h La֥rtz Tfֽol:
21:38 And he called me, saying unto him, All ye shall see all the mountains, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall be destroyed, and I will be with you, O LORD, and I will be with thee, and there shall be no man in the land;
22: 38 Nsftt֥i At֖o Bd֣br and Bd֑m and G֣sm Sotf֩ and Abn֨i Algb֜is A֣s and Gfr֗it Amt֤ir Alio֙ and Al-agf֔io and Al-am֥im Rb֖im As֥r Atֽo:
23: 38 And I will be proud of you, and I will be sanctified; and I will not know you; for they are not with me, but their anger is great, and they know that I am not worthy of the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 39   (29 verses)‬
1: 39 And the son of Adam was born, and he rebuked him over Gorgon, and he raised up his eyes, as if he were a master of the LORD. Jehovah, O LORD, be with you, for I am your God, and I will be with you, and I will see you, and I will see you.
2: 39 And you shall be blessed, and your inheritance shall be with you, and your families shall be with you from the land of the LORD, and you shall be gathered together, and they shall come to you on your land, and they shall be raised up.
3: 39 And you shall be ashamed of your face, because of your strength and your strength, from which is your right hand.
Verse 4: 39 For the Lord, I pray thee, I pray thee, thou shalt not go, but thou shalt not eat all thy vessels, nor thy people: but I will not lift thee up, but thou shalt not be able to overcome all things, and the life of the land shall be given to thee to eat it.
5: 39 The face of the earth, that is, the light of the mouth; for I am not with you, but my Lord, my Lord, have given me up to me, O Lord, O LORD!
6: 39 And I sent away the people with joy, and dwelt among them: for they were not willing to trust, and they knew that I was the LORD.
7:39 And they shall be holy, O holy men, even in the midst of the people of Israel; and they shall be exalted, and they shall not be afraid of the name of the holy of men. O people of knowledge, and they shall know that they are mighty, because I am the LORD.
8: 39 Behold, behold, it came to pass, and behold, it came to pass, that is, I am with you, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O Lord, I am the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of My Lord.
9: 39 and ֽitza֞o Isb֣i | Ar֣i Isra֗l and Bar֡o and ֠hsiko Bn֨sk and Mg֤n and Tznh֙ Bk֣st and Bhtz֔im and Bmk֥l I֖d and Br֑mh and Bar֥o Bh֛m A֖s S֥ba Snֽim:
10: 39 Lֽa-isa֨o Atz֜im Mn-hsd֗h and L֤a Ihtbo֙ Mn-hiar֔im C֥i Bn֖sk Ibֽaro-a֑s and Sll֣o At-sllih֗m and Bֽzzo֙ At-b֣zzih֔m Na֖m Adn֥i Ihoֽh: S.
11: 39 Hi֣h Bi֣om Hh֡oa At֣n Lgog֩ | Mkֽom-s֨m K֜br Bisra֗l G֤i Haֽbrim֙ Kdm֣t Hi֔m and Hs֥mt H֖ia At-haֽbr֑im and K֣bro S֗m At-gog֙ and At-cl-hmon֔h [q] and K֣ra֔o G֖ia Hm֥on Gֽog:
12: 39 And the firstborn of the children of Israel went up to Maman, and he saw the land of Sheba, and there was a new month for them.
13:39 And they came to them, all of them; they were the earth, and they gave them to them, but to them they were destroyed. And they were destroyed, and they were destroyed; they were destroyed, and they were destroyed.
14: 39 And the men of the tribe of David were destroyed, and the people of Israel came to the land, and they brought the people to death, and they brought the children to the ground, and to the people of the land, to the land, to the land, to the land of the land, to the land, to the land, to the west, and to the west.
15: 39 And he went on, saying, "Behold, I will see the people of the land, and I will see it, and I will see them in their midst, and their sons will be victorious, and they will be victorious." And he said, "Come, I will go down to you, and I will go to the house of Hagar."
16: 39 And the name of the name of the people of the city is the moon, and the purity of it is the land of the earth.
17: 39 At֨h Bn-ad֜m Cֽh-am֣r | Adn֣i Iho֗h Amr֩ Ltzf֨or Cl-cn֜f and Lc֣l | Hi֣t Hsd֗h Hkbtz֤o and B֙ao֙ Hasf֣o Msb֔ib Al-zbh֗i As֨r An֜i Zb֤h Lcm֙ Z֣bh Gd֔ol A֖l Hr֣i Isra֑l and Aclt֥m Bs֖r and St֥itm Dֽm:
18: 39 In the midst of mighty men, thou shalt be consumed, and the blood of the man shall be lifted up: for the earth shall be filled with him: for they are not, they are bitter, and they have been raised, and they have been afraid of their fear; they are in their midst, full of them.
19: 39 And you shall eat the meat of the seven, and you shall drink them, but they shall not be drunk; they shall not be sacrificed, but which I will give to them.
20: 39 And he sat down, and gave them to Shilohani, so he went to the sea, and went to the house of Gabbur, and all the men of Mesopotamia were there;
21:39 And I gave them the honor of their glory, and they came to them, and saw all their judgments, and brought them to justice: but as I did, I did them and brought them into my hands, which I had given to them in their midst.
22: 39 And they knew it, but the children of Israel went out, because I was not with them, but the LORD was the God of them, and they were not of them, because they were afraid of them, and they were not.
23: 39 Ida֣o H֠goim C֣i Baoֺn֞m Gl֣o Bֽit-isra֗l A֚l As֣r Mֽalo-b֔i and Ast֥r Fn֖i Mh֑m and ֽatnm֙ Bi֣d Tzrih֔m and Ifl֥o Bh֖rb Clֽm:
24: 39 And as for them, they did not go astray, but they made their judgments, but they did not make them, and they did not turn away from them.
25: 39 For this is how the Lord said, O Lord, I am with you, O LORD, I have gone to the house of the Lord, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
26: 39 And they married all the women, and all the men of the world, when they were not raised up, they were in their captivity, because they were over their land, but they were not in the land, and they were not afraid of them.
27: 39 And when they returned, I saw them, saying, I am with them, and I have gathered them, but I have not given them any more, but I will bring them to them, and I will bring them to them, and I will be full of them, because I will bring them into the eyes of those who fear them.
28: 39 And he knew that, because I was not in the house of Jehovah, but God said: Behold, they are in the revelations, and I will bring them to the house of their nations, and I will gather them up against their nations, and they will not come, nor shall I light them up.
29: 39 And the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Son of God, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Son, the Son of the Son, the Son of Israel,
‪xxxx  Chapter 40   (49 verses)‬
1: 40 Basr֣im and Hm֣s Sn֣h L֠glotno Br֨as Hsn֜h Bas֣or Lh֗ds Barb֤a Asrh֙ Sn֔h Ah֕r As֥r Hct֖h Ha֑ir Ba֣tzm | Hi֣om Hz֗h Hit֤h Ali֙ Id-iho֔h and Ib֥a At֖i Sֽmh:
2: 40 When I saw the words of God, they brought me to the land of Israel, and they brought me to the land of Israel, so that I could go to the land of Israel, and go up to it, as it is built up to the west.
3:40 And he said unto him, Behold, thou art a man, and behold, a man, seeing him, seeing him, seeing as he saw it, behold, there was a woman, and he was afraid of his hands; and he bought her the cloth, and behold, he was with her, in the midst of her sorrow.
4: 40 Idb֨r Al֜i Ha֗is Bn-ad֡m Ra֣h Bainic֩ and Bazn֨ic Sm֜a and S֣im Lbc֗ Lc֤l Asr-ani֙ Mra֣h Aot֔c C֛i Lm֥an Hraotc֖h Hb֣ath H֑nh Hg֛d At-cl-asr-at֥h Ra֖h Lb֥it Israֽl:
5: 40 Hn֥h Hom֛h Mh֥otz Lb֖it Sb֣ib | Sb֑ib and Bi֨d Ha֜is Kn֣h Hmd֗h Ss-am֤ot Bֽamh֙ and T֔fh and I֜md At-r֤hb Hbnin֙ Kn֣h Ah֔d and Kom֖h Kn֥h Ahֽd:
6: 40 Ib֗oa Al-s֙ar֙ As֤r Fnio֙ D֣rc Hkd֔imh and I֖al * ** Bmֽalot֑io merits and I֣md | At-s֣f Hs֗ar Kn֤h Ahd֙ R֔hb and At֙ S֣f Ah֔d Kn֥h Ah֖d Rֽhb:
7:40 And you shall not be jealous, nor shall I be any more, but I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and you shall not be afraid of them.
8: 40 And he went up to the house of the LORD, but he was not afraid of the house of the LORD;
9: 40 And he went to the house of the people of the land, but the sheep were still alive, and the people of Ammon were there, and the children of Amaziah were destroyed, and the mother of them came to them from the house of Yahweh.
10: 40 And it came to pass, that the people of Israel were in the midst of three hundred years, and that it was three hundred years of the year that they were three hundred years old, that they were three hundred years old, and that they had given birth to them, and that they were not able to go out of it.
11: 40 And he went up to the house of the king, saying, "I am going down to the gate of the gate, and I will go straight to the gate of the house of Amor, that is to the west of the city of Nazareth, which is the tenth of the city of Amor."
12: 40 And he went up before the children; and the mother came to him, and another mother, and another mother, and she was three cubits, and she was six hundred cubits, and his mother was afraid of his mouth.
13:40 And he brought the scepter out of the midst of the thorn, and covered it with bread, and the bread was ten cubits, and the bread, and the bread, the bread, and the bread,
14:40 And he made the men of Elijah, that they hated the mother, and El-El, the son of Hazzah, the son of Zerah, the captain of the tribe of Sabib.
15: 40 And he went up to the house of Heshon. * Yahathon. ** He was the one who gave up the land. Then he returned to the house. He returned to the house. He returned to the house.
16: 40 Hln֣ot Atm֣ot Aֽl-hta֡im and Al֩ Alih֨mh Lfn֤imh Ls֙ar֙ Sb֣ib | Sb֔ib and C֖n Laֽlm֑ot and Hlon֞ot Sb֤ib | Sbib֙ Lfn֔imh and Al-a֖il Tmrֽim:
17: 40 And he brought me to the house of Hazzar, the son of Heshonzon, and he gave her to dwell in it, and he went up to Safed, and he made it to me, to the west, to the west, to the west, to the west, to the west, to the south,
18: 40 And he gave up the horn of the hand of the king, and he gave the sword of the hair to the people, and he gave it to him, and he gave him up to the gate, and he was afraid of his flock.
19:40 And it came to pass, that there was a breadth of bread before the rain, and the bread of the bread, and the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread, the meat, the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread,
20: 40 And the wicked man, whose face is the voice of the Lord, is the captain of the flock, and he is the captain of the mountain, the mountain of the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, and the mountains.
21: 40 * and ** buffalo and Ta֗io Slos֤h Mfo֙ and Sls֣h Mf֔o * and ** and Ail֤io * and ** Elmo and Aֽlmio֙ Hi֔h Cmd֖t Hs֣ar Hras֑on Hms֤im Amh֙ Arc֔o and R֕hb Hm֥s and Asr֖im Bamֽh:
22: 40 * and the windows and Hlon֤io * ** and ** Elmo and Aֽlmio֙ * med ** and T֣mr֔io Cmd֣t Hs֔ar As֥r Fn֖io D֣rc Hkd֑im and Bmal֥ot S֙ba֙ Iֽalo-b֔o ** * Dummy and Aֽilm֖io Lfnihֽm:
23: 40 And when he was angry with him, he saw the face of the children, and the children of the tribe of Israel went up to Tzaf, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they came to the house of Sashaar, saying, "I am not a mother."
24: 40 And I went to the house of the Lord, the Lord of the earth, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the land of the land, and of the land, and of the land, and of the land, and of the land, and of the earth, and of it, and of the people of the land.
25: 40 And they went to him, and to him, and to him, and to his sons, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to his mother,
26: 40 And he went up to the gate of Shiba'a, and he went up to him, and they went to him, and begged him to go out with him, and to put his hand on him, and to put his hand on him.
27: 40 And he went up to the wall of the face of the face of the earth, saying, "It is the land of the wilderness, and it is the land of the wilderness, that is beyond the wilderness, because it is the land of the wilderness, and it is the land of the nation."
28: 40 And he brought me back to Hazar, the son of the son of Hazzar, before the children, in the midst of the wilderness of the wilderness, and he took up the tabernacle of the wilderness, and destroyed it, as it had done to the women of the land.
29: 40 * and buffalo and Ta֞io ** * and ** and Ail֤io * and ** Elmo and Aֽlmio֙ Cmd֣ot Ha֔lh and Hlon֥ot L֛o * and ** Elmo and Lalm֖io Sb֣ib | Sb֑ib Hms֤im Amh֙ A֔rc and R֕hb Asr֥im and Hm֖s Amֽot:
30: 40 And the children of the tribe of Sabib, the grandfather of the children of Israel, went up to the house of the LORD, and the seven sons of Amazah were destroyed.
31: 40 And the mother of the children of the sons of Hetz, the son of Hazzar, and the sons of Hazzon, and of the children of Israel, were they not with him, and they were not with him;
32: 40 And he brought me to the west side of the face of the valley, and it was not far from the east, and he brought the ramparts to the ground, as it was the pillars of the land.
33: 40 * and ** buffalo and Ta֞io * and those ** and Al֤io * and ** Elmo and Aֽlmio֙ Cmd֣ot Ha֔lh and Hlon֥ot L֛o * and ** Elmo and Lalm֖io Sb֣ib | Sb֑ib A֚rc Hms֣im Am֔h and R֕hb Hm֥s and Asr֖im Amֽh:
34: 40 * And Elmo and his mother, the sons of Hazzar, and the sons of Heshon, and the sons of Heshon, and all the children of Elah, and the children of Mihtah, and Maman, and Maman, and Maman, and Maman;
35: 40 And he brought me to the house of the captain of the flock of men, and to the house of the children of Amalek,
36: 40 * Thou, behold, thou shalt be satisfied with them; and these are the gods, and they are the men of the world.
37: 40 And while the children of the children of Hebron were victorious, they turned to the king, and they turned to him, but if they were not from his mouth, and his mouth was filled with them, and they were filled with water, they would not lift him up.
38: 40 And she gave her strength, and she opened her eyes to them in the midst of the trees, and the hair was there, and they were there, and they brought the earth up.
39: 40 And in the midst of them was the sixth day, that they were sent down, and that they were sent out, and that they were sent out, and they were sent out of the land, and they sent them unto them, and they did not go down, and the sinners were with them, and the fire was with them.
40:40 And unto the commandment, I will go out to the hill, and go to the gate of the gate, and it shall be the seventh day of the morning, the morning of the morning, and the morning of the morning of the morning, the morning of the morning, the morning of the morning, the morning of the morning, the morning of the month of the morning, which is the day of the month of mourning.
41: 40 Arba'a, who is the messenger of the people of the tribe of Israel, and of the tribe of Israel, who sent down the ships of the tribe of Israel, to give them the gift of the sword, and to return to the land of Samaria, to which they sent their ships, to which they were sent.
42: 40 Arbah֩ Slhn֨ot Laol֜h Abn֣i Gz֗it Arc֩ Am֨h Ah֤t and H֙tzi֙ and R֨hb Am֤h Aht֙ and H֔tzi and G֖bh Am֣h Ah֑t Alih֗m and In֤iho At-hclim֙ As֨r Isht֧o At-haol֛h B֖m and Hzֽbh:
43:40 And the sorcerers, and the men of the tribe, were numbered among the sons of the sons of the tribe of Sabib, the grandfather of the captives, and of the Shiloh, the inhabitants of the land of Korbab.
44: 40 Mhotzh֩ Ls֨ar Hfnim֜i Lֽsc֣ot Sr֗im Bhtz֤r Hfnimi֙ As֗r Al-c֙tf֙ S֣ar Htzf֔on and Fnih֖m D֣rc Hdr֑om Ah֗d Al-c֙tf֙ S֣ar Hkd֔im Fn֖i D֥rc Htzfֽn:
45: 40 And Dibbar said unto him, Behold, this is the land of the land, that is, the land of the children of the land, that is, the land of the house of the LORD, and the house of the LORD, the LORD of hosts, the land of the children.
46: 40 And the shearken is that whose face is the face of the earth, and that it is the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth.
47:40 And he saw the half-way down from her, saying, "Am I, and thou shalt not be afraid of her, but her mother is greatly troubled, and she hath turned away from the house, to the face of the children?"
48: 40 And I will bring unto you the house of the sons of Israel, the house of the children of Israel, and the people of Israel, the children of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the land of Israel.
49: 40 A֣rc Hal֞m Asr֣im Am֗h and R֙hb֙ Ast֣i Asr֣h Am֔h and Bֽmal֔ot As֥r Ial֖o Al֑io and Amdim֙ Al-h֣ail֔im Ah֥d Mf֖h and Ah֥d Mfֽh:
‪xxxx  Chapter 41   (26 verses)‬
1: 41 And he brought me up to the king, and he took up the deer, six hundred cubits, and six cubits, and the six cubits, and the six cubits, the bread, and the six cubits;
2: 41 And he went to the gate of the house, and the women of Amphitheth saw him, and the mouth of the house was full of bread, and his bread was filled with bread, and his bread was filled with bread, and his bread was long, and his bread was seven cubits, and his bread was seven cubits, and his bread was ten cubits.
3: 41 And it came to pass, that it came to pass, and it came to pass, that the women of Amphitheth died, and that the mother of the women came to him, and that the women were afraid of them, and that the mother of the women was afraid;
4:14 And he went up to Ark, his wife, ten men, and her mother, and her father, her husband, and her mother, to him, to him, to him, and to him, and to him, and to him he said unto him, Behold, this is the voice of the Lord, the Lord of the earth.
5:14 And it came to pass, that the son of the father of the children of Israel had come to the land of Israel, and that the sword had come forth, and that the sword had gone forth, and that the mother of the captives had turned away.
6: 41 and Htzlaot֩ Tzl֨a Al-tzl֜a Sl֧os and Sls֣im Fam֗im and ֠baot Bk֨ir Asr-lb֧it Ltzla֛ot Sb֥ib | Sb֖ib Lhi֣ot Ahoz֑im and Lֽa-ihi֥o Ahoz֖im Bk֥ir Hbֽit:
7: 41 and ֽrhb֡h and ֽnsbh֩ Lm֨alh Lm֜alh Ltzla֗ot C֣i Mֽosb-h֠bit Lm֨alh Lm֜alh Sb֤ib | Sbib֙ Lb֔it Al-c֥n Rֽhb-lb֖it Lm֑alh and C֧n Hthton֛h Ial֥h Al-halion֖h Lticonֽh:
8: 41 And I saw that I was with him, that I had given birth to him, and that he had given birth to him, and that he had given birth to him, and that he had taken him away from him.
9: 41 And the king of Israel, the king of Israel, went out to the house of the king, and sent him to the house of the king, and he went to the house of the king, and he went to the house of the LORD.
10: 41 And the children of the tribe of the tribe of Rahab were with ten families, and the grandfather of the captives was not the one who loved them.
11: 41 And it came to pass, that the trumpet was given, that it was not in the name of the LORD, and that it was one thing, and the other was the same, and the people went out, and the other, the LORD, went out, and went back to the house of the LORD, saying, Lord, be merciful unto them;
12: 41 Hbni֡n Asr֩ Al-fn֨i Hgzr֜h Fa֣t Dֽrc-hi֗m R֚hb Sba֣im Am֔h and K֧ir Hbni֛n Hֽms-am֥ot R֖hb Sb֣ib | Sb֑ib and Arc֖o Tsa֥im Amֽh:
13: 41 And she saw the mother's daughter, her mother, and her son, and her sons, and her sons, and her sons, and her sons, and her sons, and her children.
14: 41 And Rahab, the son of Pharisees, brought him away, and the Hagarites, and they were destroyed, because she was not her mother.
15: 41 Md֣d Aֽrc-h֠bnin Al-fn֨i Hgzr֜h As֨r Al-ahr֧ih * and Atokiha ** and Atik֛iha Mf֥o and Mf֖o Ma֣h Am֑h and Hֽhicl֙ Hfnim֔i and Aֽlm֖i Hhtzֽr:
16: 41 Hsf֡im and Hhlon֣im H֠atmot and Hatik֤im | Sbib֙ Lslst֔m N֧gd Hs֛f Sh֥if A֖tz Sb֣ib | Sb֑ib and Ha֙rtz֙ Ad-hֽhln֔ot and Hֽhln֖ot Mcsֽot:
17: 41 And the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel, and the children of the children of Israel, and of all the children of Israel;
18: 41 And he did it, and they rebelled, and rebelled against him, and rebelled against him, and in the midst of the corn, they began to burn, and they returned, and the two of them came before them.
19: 41 And he turned to him, saying unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be put to death; and he shall be turned away from him; and he shall turn to him, and he shall turn away from him.
20: 41 What is the land of the people, even the people of the mountains, the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains, the mountains, and the mountains,
21: 41 And the LORD hath given him the possession of the land of the land, and the land of the land of the land, and the land of the land, and of the land of the land.
22: 41 Hmzb֡h A֣tz Slos֩ Am֨ot Gb֜h and Arc֣o Stֽim-am֗ot and Mktzֽaotio֙ L֔o and Arc֥o and Kֽirt֖io A֑tz and Idb֣r Al֔i Z֚h Hslh֔n As֖r Lfn֥i Ihoֽh:
23: 41 And he went astray, and went astray, and he took him away, and took his place.
24: 41 And it was a day of greatness, and the fear of the generations, of the life of the dead, of the death of the dead, of the death of the dead, of the death of another, and of the death of David, of the generations to the other.
25: 41 And they did unto her, saying unto them, Come unto me, I pray thee, and I will not eat them, and they shall be destroyed, as they have done, and they shall be converted, as they have done, that they may do: they shall not be ashamed, and they shall go up against the face of the LORD; they shall not be afraid of them.
26: 41 And the people of Aton were shut up, and they rose up from the mouth of his mouth, and poured him out to the mouth of the mouth of the children, and they came to them, and the children of the women came to them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 42   (20 verses)‬
1: 42 And I went out to the throne of the Hittite, the Hittite, to the Lord, to the Lord, and to the Lord, and to the Lord, to the Lord, and to the Lord, to the Lord, and to the Fire, to the Fire of the Sons, to the Fire, to the Fire.
2: 42 To the children of the children of Israel, the mother of the mother of the children, the woman of the flock of the flock, and the flock of bread, five hundred and fifty cubits;
3: 42 נגדג הֽעֽעֶש֗ר֗ש אם אששׁ֙ר֙ן לחחצצ֣ר֣ר הַהפפִניממ֔י ו ו֣נ֣ג רד רֽבֽצ֔פ֔ה אא֣ש֣שלשללֽשֽש֔ם֔ה אה אשלשללששֽש:ם֔ם֔ה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה לֽתֽי֖בֽה:ה:ה אה אה אה אה אה אה לֽתחּלֽבֽה֥ה֥ה:ה לחחלבשּשׁלֽשֽשיםםֽם.
4: 42 And he turned to him, and he went to the house of the king, saying, "If the mother of the women of the house goes down to the house, she will go down to the house, and she will not go down to her.
5: 42 And the elders of the high places were shortened: so that they might not be able to die, because they were not satisfied with the commandment of the LORD, and they were not able to do so.
6: 42 For they are three hundred and thirty, and they are not worthy of them; they have been baptized, as they have been, so that they may be saved as they are, so that they may be saved from the vows of death, and from what shall they come to them from the midst of the earth.
7: 42 And he went up to the house of Asher, to the west, to the city of Gomorrah, to the west, to the west of Hebron, to the south of Hebron, to Hebron, to the south of Israel, to the south of Israel, to the south of Israel.
8: 42 And when I saw thee, I saw thee, that I might go down to the mountain, and behold, the son of Zechariah, the son of Hamzah, came to Ammonah, and the son of Israel was against her, and the son of the king came from her.
9: 42 * And below it * the chambers ** And the death of the daughter of the angel of the Lord. The preamble is the one who brings the angel to the throne, and he comes in from there.
10: 42 And he said to him, "Behold, I am the son of the son of the son, the son of the son of the son of Benjamin, the son of Laban."
11: 42 And the LORD shall give to them the face of them, as they see it, that is, the light of the Lord, that is, the light of the Lord, and the people of the flock, and the priests, as in the ark, so that they may be great, and they are all, and they shall be in their hands, and they shall be in their beds.
12: 42 And he shall be ashamed of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, who is the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the Garden of Eden, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Holy One, blessed be He.
13: 42 I֣amr Al֗i Lֽsc֨ot Htzf֜on Lֽsc֣ot Hdrom֮ As֣r Al-fn֣i Hgzrh֒ H֣nh | Lֽsc֣ot Hk֗ds As֨r Iaclo-s֧m Hchn֛im Asr-krob֥im Lֽiho֖h Kds֣i Hkds֑im S֞m In֣iho | Kds֣i Hkds֗im and Hmnhh֙ and Hht֣at and Has֔m C֥i Hmk֖om Kdֽs:
14: 42 Bba֣m Hchn֗im and Lֽa-itza֤o Mhk֙ds֙ Al-hhtz֣r Hhitzon֔h and S֞m In֧iho Bgdih֛m Asr-isrt֥o Bh֖n Cֽi-k֣ds H֑nh * ** wear and Lbso֙ Bgd֣im Ahr֔im and Krb֖o Al-as֥r Laֽm:
15: 42 And he took up the testimony of the LORD, and he brought him to the house, and he brought it out to me, and he brought it out to me, that is, the Lord, that is, the light of the fire, that his face was broken, and that it was his way, and the earth was high, and his field was great.
16: 42 There is no god but God, and He is the Lord, and He is the Lord, the Son of God, the Son of God, and the Son of God.
17: 42 And David, the son of the captain of the tribe of Zippon, was five hundred years old;
18: 42 And the people of the house of the LORD shall be destroyed, and the land of the land shall be five hundred cubits, and there shall be a nest;
19: 42 So the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord.
20: 42 To multiply the spirit of the children of Mido, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, to him, and to him, to him, to him, to him, to him, to him, to him;
‪xxxx  Chapter 43   (27 verses)‬
1: 43 And I went to the gate of the gate, saying to him, As for the people of this land, I am the LORD of hosts.
2: 43 And behold, it is like the glory of God, but the people of Israel are in a state, because it is the source of the holy land, and it is the voice of the people, as it is in the midst of the earth, and it is the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
3: 43 and Cmra֨h Hmra֜h As֣r Ra֗iti Cmra֤h Asr-ra֙iti֙ Bbai֙ Lsh֣t At-ha֔ir and Mra֕ot Cmra֕h As֥r Ra֖iti Al-nhr-cb֑r and Af֖l Al-fnֽi:
4: 43 And as the heart of the LORD, behold, thou shalt surely go forth unto the Father, that thou mayest see that he hath gone astray, but that his face is gone, and that the LORD hath gone down to the ground.
5: 43 And you shall bear the burden of my life, and I will bring you to me, for I will not be afraid of the face of the face, but I will give it to you, because it will be like the glory of the LORD.
6: 43 And the people of Mordecai went up to Me, saying, "Who is the father of the tribe of Israel, and the man of the people is the nation of the people of Azzal?"
7: 43 and I֣amr Al֗i Bn-adm֙ At-mk֣om Csa֗i and At-mkom֙ Cf֣ot Rgl֔i As֧r Ascn-s֛m Bt֥oc Bnֽi-isra֖l Laol֑m and L֣a Itma֣o A֣od Bֽit-i֠sral S֣m Kds֞i H֤mh and Mlcihm֙ Bznot֔m and Bfgr֥i Mlcih֖m Bmotֽm:
8: 43 Btt֨m Sf֜m At-sf֗i and Mzֽoztm֙ A֣tzl Mzozt֔i and Hk֖ir Bin֣i and Bֽinih֑m and Tma֣o | At-s֣m Kds֗i Btֽoabotm֙ As֣r As֔o and Ac֥l At֖m Bafֽi:
9: 43 And when thou hast gone, they shall not be satisfied with them, and they shall be put to death, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall be put to death, and they shall not dwell in their midst.
10: 43 Thou art a son of men, but they brought the daughter of Israel into the house, and brought them to the house of the children, and they were utterly destroyed, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and they were put to death.
11: 43 Aֽm-nclm֞o Mc֣l Asr-as֗o Tzor֣t Hb֡it and Tcont֡o and Motza֡io and Moba֣io and ֽcl-tzֽort֡o [q] and A֣t Cl-hktio֩ and Cl- * formative Tz֨ort֤io and Cl- ** * ** Tortio֙ Hod֣a teachings Aot֔m and Ct֖b Laֽinih֑m and Ismr֞o At-cl-tzort֛o and At "All the laws of his people have done, and you have committed them."
12: 43 Then I brought the Torah to the Lord, and he gave it to the LORD, all the people of Gibeon, and to him, to him, and to him, to him, to him, to him, to him, to him, to him, to him, to him, to him, to him, to the Lord;
13: 43 A֨lh Md֤ot Hmzb֙h֙ Bֽam֔ot Am֥h Am֖h and T֑fh and H֨ik Ham֜h and Amh-r֗hb and Gbol֨h Al-sft֤h Sbib֙ Z֣rt Hah֔d and Z֖h G֥b Hmzbֽh:
14: 43 Mh֨ik Ha֜rtz Ad-hazr֤h Hthtonh֙ St֣im Am֔ot and R֖hb Am֣h Ah֑t and Mhazr֨h Hktn֜h Ad-hazr֤h Hgdolh֙ Arb֣a Am֔ot and R֖hb Hamֽh:
15: 43 And this is what I see, and I will not lift up my mother's mother, and I will bring her out of the house. [N] [q] And I will not go to the land of the LORD, and I will bring you forth.
16: 43 * And the serpent, and the Ari'el, were twelve, and I saw thee, that I was with thee, that I did not go to the house of the LORD, but I went to the house of the LORD.
17: 43 Hazr֞h Arb֧a Asr֣h A֗rc Barb֤a Asrh֙ R֔hb A֖l Arb֣at Rba֑ih and Hgbol Sb֨ib Aot֜h Htz֣i Ham֗h and Hֽhik-l֤h Amh֙ Sb֔ib and Malt֖ho Fn֥ot Kdֽim:
18: 43 And he said unto him, Son of man, thou shalt not say, O Lord, I will judge thee, O LORD, O LORD, I will send thee into the law, and I will give him the inheritance, and I will give him his life, and I will bring him up to him: and upon him shall he go up to him, and he shall bring him forth.
19: 43 And the LORD gave unto them the sons of the sons of the sons of Baqar, the son of Baqar, the son of Baqar, the son of the son of Baqar;
20: 43 And thou shalt take him away from his land, and he shall give his bread to his flock, and he shall bring forth his horns, and unto the land, he shall turn away the loins of the goats, and he shall go up to the south, and he shall go astray, and his sin shall be filled with him, and his loins shall be broken, and his flock shall be filled with him.
21: 43 And thou shalt take the commandment of the Lord, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the iniquity;
22: 43 And on the day of the sixth day I will raise up the flame of the goat of the goats, and it will not be hot for the sinner, but you will not take away the inheritance, as it is a sinner, and it is a sinner's punishment.
23: 43 Behold, in thy cup, thou shalt bring forth the heat of the corn, and it shall come to pass, that the son of Baqar shall die, and they shall come out of the oven, and they shall die.
24: 43 And ye shall not turn away before me: the LORD is the LORD, and the people of the nations have overcome them, and they have given them up to the LORD, and they have gone up to them, and they have gone up against them;
25: 43 The seven days of the day were done, and the gate of the yoke of the fire was upon them: for I was with them, and the son of Baqar rebuked them, and they went out of the house of the children, saying, Come, I will go!
26: 43 The seven of them shall die, and they shall put an end to the plague, and bring it to him, and bring it to him, and it shall be full of his hand.
27: 43 ֽicl֖o At-him֑im S. Hih֩ Bi֨om Hsmin֜i and H֗lah Ias֨o Hchn֤im Al-hmzb֙h֙ At-aolֽoticm֙ and At-slmic֔m and Rtz֣ati Atc֔m Na֖m Adn֥i Ihoֽh: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 44   (31 verses)‬
1: 44 And it shall come to pass, that thou shalt return, that it may be in the midst of the holy place: for the LORD hath given strength to the children of the tribe, and they shall be holy;
2: 44 And the LORD said unto him, O LORD, this is the thorn, that is, this is the day of the sword of the LORD, and this is the day of the LORD, and the people of the land are no more;
3: 44 And the women of the women were brought to the house, and they returned to their tents, and they returned to them to eat. [N] [q] Before me, the LORD, O LORD, is the LORD your God, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
4: 44 And Abi the son of David brought me up to the house of Tzippon, to the house of Laban, the daughter-in-law, and her father, and her son, the daughter of Judah, the daughter of the daughter of Jehoah, the son of Leah, and the son of Abel.
5: 44 and I֨amr Al֜i Iho֗h Bn-ad֡m S֣im Lbc֩ and Ra֨h Bain֜ic and Bazn֣ic Sm֗a A֣t Cl-as֤r Ani֙ Mdb֣r At֔c Lcl-hk֥ot Bit-iho֖h and Lcl- * ** Tֽort֑io teachings and Smt֤ Lbc֙ Lmb֣oa Hb֔it Bc֖l Motza֥i Hmkdֽs:
6: 44 And thou hast said unto me, My lord, thou shalt go up to the house of Israel, that is, so that the people of Israel shall be destroyed, O Lord, O LORD, O LORD, Lord of the Universe, and of the people of Thy, and of the people of Israel,
7: 44 Bhbiac֣m Bnֽi-nc֗r Arli-lb֙ and Arl֣i Bs֔r Lhi֥ot Bmkds֖i Lhll֣o At-bit֑i Bhkrֽibc֤m At-lhmi֙ H֣lb and D֔m and If֙ro֙ At-brit֔i A֖l Cl-toaboticֽm:
8: 44 And you shall not keep them, because of the sanctity of the sanctities of your sanctuary, and ye shall fulfill the commandment to guard me, keeping my guard in my sanctuary.
9: 44 Thus saith the LORD, O son of the son of Necher, the son of the son of Necher, hath the heart of the heart, and the house of the children of Israel, the son of Necheth, the son of Necheth, the son of Necher, the son of Necheth, the son of Nishon, the son of Nechama;
10: 44 When the mother of the Lord came to them, they were as they were, and they were burned, and the people of Israel were not in the house of Israel, but the people of Israel went astray, and the people of Israel went astray, and the people of Israel came to them, and they returned to their land, and they took up their land.
11: 44 Hi֤o Bmkdsi֙ Ms֣rt֔im Fkdot֙ Al-sar֣i Hb֔it and ֽmsrt֖im At-hb֑it H֠mh Isht֨o At-hal֤h and At-hz֙bh֙ La֔m and H֛mh Iamd֥o Lfnih֖m Lsֽrtֽm:
12: 44 I֗an As֨r Isrt֤o Aotm֙ Lfn֣i Glֽolih֔m and Hi֥o Lbֽit-isra֖l Lmcs֣ol Aoֺ֑n Al-cn֩ Ns֨ati Id֜i Alih֗m Nam֙ Adn֣i Iho֔h and Nsa֖o Aoֺnֽm:
13: 44 And I will not find it, but I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
14: 44 And thou hast given them, but they are saved: for they are not in the house of the Lord, but for all the servants of the LORD, and for his servants, and for all the people of the land of Israel.
15: 44 Hchn֨im Hloi֜m Bn֣i Tzd֗ok As֨r Smr֜o At-msm֤rt Mkdsi֙ Bta֤ot Bnֽi-isral֙ Mֽal֔i H֛mh Ikrb֥o Al֖i Lsֽrt֑ni and Amd֣o Lfn֗i Lhkr֥ib Li֙ H֣lb and D֔m Na֖m Adn֥i Ihoֽh:
16: 44 Behold, what is your name, O nation, to the sanctuary? And what shall I bring unto him, that I may send unto thee, that thou mayest be satisfied with me, and keep his promise to keep me safe?
17: 44 Hi֗h Bboam֙ Aֽl-sari֙ Hhtz֣r Hfnim֔it Bgd֥i Fst֖im Ilb֑so and Lֽa-ial֤h Alihm֙ Tz֔mr Bsֽrt֗m Bsar֛i Hhtz֥r Hfnim֖it and Bֽith:
18: 44 And Pharaoh, the children of Pharisees, came to them, and they were not with the heads of the children, and they were put to death, because they were afraid, and they were not with them, but they were not with them, but they were not married to them.
19: 44 ֠btzatm Al-hhtz֨r Hhitzon֜h Al-hhtz֣r Hhitzonh֮ Al-ham֒ Ifst֣o At-bgdih֗m Asr-h֙mh֙ Msrt֣m B֔m and Hn֥iho Aot֖m Blֽsc֣t Hk֑ds and Lֽbso֙ Bgd֣im Ahr֔im and Lֽa-ikds֥o At-ha֖m Bbgdihֽm:
20: 44 And the Lord, the Lord, shall not be exalted, and shall be exalted, and shall be filled with fear; for he shall not be filled with joy, but he shall be filled with their heads.
21: 44 And Joan the son of Levi, all these things were in their hearts, and they were not in the midst of the mountains.
22: 44 And Amanah, and Grosheh, did not take it, but they took it to them, but they went to the women, so that it was not with them, but in the midst of the children of Israel, the children of Israel were born, and the people of Israel rose up, and this was the land of the land, and the land of Israel was destroyed, and there was no god but the people.
23: 44 And the people of Israel were born, and they were born, and there was no king, and there was nothing, and there was none;
24: 44 Al-r֗ib H֚mh Iamd֣o * to judge Lmsf֔t Bmsft֖i ** * ** Isft֑oho and Sftho [k] and At-tort֤i and At-hkti֙ Bcl-moad֣i Ism֔ro and At-sbtot֖i Ikdֽso:
25: 44 And they shall not be afraid of them, but they shall not be afraid; they shall not be afraid; but they shall not be reproached, neither shall they be reproached, nor shall they be brought in. And they shall bring them to the land, and to them that shall be given to them, that they shall not die, that they should not be ashamed of them.
26: 44 And after that he had given up his commandment, and his people were seven, and the people of the sea were scattered about him.
27: 44 And when he came, he came to the house of the threshing-floor, to the south side, to the south, and to the south, the thorn of the threshing floor;
28: 44 And they gave unto them, saying, Verily, I am the LORD, and I am the son of the king.
29: 44 And the commandment, and the commandment, and the fire, and the fire, were they, and they were not consumed, and all the men of Israel were burned, because they were afraid of them.
30: 44 Rasit֩ Cl-bc֨ori C֜l and Cl-tr֣omt C֗l Mcl֙ Trom֣otic֔m Lchn֖im Iֽhi֑h and Ras֤it Arsֽoticm֙ Ttn֣o Lch֔n Lhn֥ih Brc֖h Al-bitֽc:
31: 44 All of the men of the tribe of Tatarpah, of the people of Hafoof, and of the kingdom of the LORD, shall not be consumed; nor shall the priests be consumed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 45   (25 verses)‬
1: 45 and Bhfֽilc֨m At-ha֜rtz Bnhl֗h Trimo֩ Trom֨h Liho֥h | Kds֮ Mn-hartz֒ A֗rc Hms֨h and Asr֥im A֙lf֙ A֔rc and R֖hb As֣rh A֑lf Kds-h֥oa Bcl-gbol֖h Sbֽib:
2: 45 Yea, behold, this is the house of the thorns, the thorns of the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread, and the bread.
3: 45 And this is the time of the Lord, and this is the time of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds. "5:50 - 5:19 And the tenth day of the twentieth century was the month of the month of Abyssinia.
4: 45 And the people of the land of the land of Israel were destroyed, and the people of the land of Israel were in a state of sanctity, and the people of the land were there, and the people of the land were there, and the LORD was coming to them, and the LORD was coming to them.
5: 45 And five hundred and twenty nine, and it was seven hundred and thirty, and the people of the tribe of Elaph, the Lord of the world, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
6: 45 And Ahaz, the captain of the tribe of Tiran, was five hundred thousand, and he was fifteen thousand. And the tenth of Adullaf was nine hundred years old, and this was the first day for all the children of Israel, and the people of Judah were there.
7: 45 Lns֡ia Mz֣h and Mzh֩ Ltrom֨t Hk֜ds and Lahz֣t Ha֗ir Al-fn֤i Trֽomt-hk֙ds֙ and Al-fni֙ Ahz֣t Ha֔ir Mfat-i֣m I֔mh and Mfat-k֖dmh Kd֑imh and A֗rc Lamot֙ Ah֣d Hhlk֔im Mgb֥ol I֖m Al-gb֥ol Kdֽimh:
8: 45 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be ashamed; but in the children of Israel, the children of Israel shall not be put to rest; neither shall the wives of the people go out against the people, nor the land of Israel; they shall bring them to the house of the children of Israel, to their captivity.
9: 45 Cֽh-am֞r Adn֣i Iho֗h Rb-lcm֙ Nsia֣i Isra֔l Hm֤s and Sd֙ Hs֔iro and Msf֥t and Tzdk֖h As֑o Hr֤imo Grsֽticm֙ Ma֣l Am֔i Na֖m Adn֥i Ihoֽh:
10: 45 Mazzazzi-Tzedek and Zippet-Tzedek, daughter-in-law of the Jewish community.
11: 45 And the father and the father came together, each one of them; and he was the one who gave them the charge. Then he went to the house of the LORD, and he returned to the house of the LORD, and he returned to the land of Israel, and he returned to the land of Israel.
12: 45 And the shekel was nine hundred, and it was nine hundred shekels, and it was twenty shekels, and five hundred shekels, and ten shekels, and ten thousand shekels, and fifty shekels, and fifty shekels, and ten thousand shekels, and ten thousand shekels.
13: 45 And he said unto him, Thou art a thief, a thief, a thief, a thief, a scepter, a thief, a thief, a thief, a thief, a thief, a thief, a thief, a thief, a thief, a thief, a thief, a thief, a thief, and a thief.
14: 45 And the son of the son of the son of Haman, the daughter of the son of Haman, made the house of the daughter of the daughter of the son of the son of the son of Asher, who made the house of the daughter of Hatham, the fifth of the house, and of the house of the daughter of the daughter of Hatham.
15: 45 And Moses, the brother of the sons of the tribe of Israel, came out of the house of Moses, saying, "Behold, I will go down to the land of Israel, and to the land of Israel, and to the people of Israel, to go down to the land of Israel."
16: 45 All of them, the people, are the people, and they are not against the transgressors; for this is what they have done to Israel, because they are in Israel.
17: 45 Aֽl-hns֣ia Ihi֗h Haol֣ot and Hmnhh֮ and Hnsc֒ Bhg֤im and Bhdsim֙ and Bsbt֔ot Bcֽl-moad֖i B֣it Isra֑l Hֽoa-ias֞h At-hht֣at and At-hmnh֗h and At-hֽaolh֙ and At-hslm֔im Lcf֖r Ba֥d Bֽit-israֽl: S.
18: 45 Thus saith the Lord, O Lord, the LORD is in the midst of the wickedness, and in the flesh of the flesh of the son of Baqar, the son of Baqar;
19: 45 And this is what they have done, and they have given it to them, and they have given it to them, and they have not been given to them, and they have not been given to them, and they have not been given to the children of Israel.
20: 45 And so, when thou hast done it in the seventh month, it is in the midst of the earth, that there is no man, and that I will not be ashamed; and I will give it to me, and I will give it up to them;
21: 45 In the midst of the wickedness of the land of the land, as it is done, the day of the Lord's day is over, and it is the day of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the worlds.
22: 45 And he did that which he had brought up, because he was with him, and he was with him in the midst of his wickedness, and in the midst of all these things was the land, and he was a sinner.
23: 45 And the seven of them came to him, and he went to the house of the LORD, and he returned to him, and he returned to them, saying, "Behold, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD!"
24: 45 And Menahah, the son of Eppah, the son of Lapar, and the father of Israel, did not come into the house, and did not enter into the land.
25: 45 On the seventh day of the fifth day of the month of Asherah, the month of the month of the month of Cheshvan, the day of the seventh month of the month of Cheshvan, as long as the seventh day, the day of the day was finished, the last year was the tenth of the month of the month, and the second was the month of the month of Cheshvan.
‪xxxx  Chapter 46   (24 verses)‬
1: 46 Cֽh-amr֮ Adn֣i Ihoh֒ S֜ar Hhtz֤r Hfnimit֙ Hfn֣h Kd֔im Ihi֣h Sg֔or S֖st Im֣i Hֽmas֑h and Bi֤om Hsbt֙ Ift֔h and Bi֥om Hh֖ds Iftֽh:
2: 46 and B֣a Hns֡ia Drc֩ Aol֨m Hs֜ar Mh֗otz and Amd֙ Al-mzoz֣t Hs֔ar and As֣o Hchn֗im At-aֽolto֙ and At-slm֔io and Hֽstho֛h Al-mft֥n Hs֖ar and Itz֑a and Hs֥ar Lֽa-isg֖r Ad-haֽrb:
3: 46 And the people of the land made a mockery of it, that was the gate of the land, that they were in the midst of the Sabbath, and in the month of time they came before the LORD.
4: 46 And the people went up to him, as the people of the tribe of Hensh, the Levites, and the people of the tribe of Bashan, returned to the land of Samaria, and returned to them, as though they were in the midst of the wilderness, and their tents were filled with water.
5: 46 And Manahah, the son of Abiathah, came to him, and said unto him, Come, let him go, and let him go: for he hath given his hand to him, and he hath given it to him.
6: 46 And the sons of the sons of Baqar, the sons of Baqar, were full of them, and their wives were like their sheep, and they were filled with water.
7: 46 And Abe, the son of Labar, and Abiathah, came to him, and went to Yash'al, the son of Manasseh, and to Lachkebesh, the son of Asher, the son of Asher, the son of David, the son of David, and of the tribe of Haman.
8: 46 And the sons of the women, the women of the children, are the children of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and of the land of Israel.
9: 46 and Bb֨oa Am-ha֜rtz Lfn֣i Ihoh֮ Bmֽoadim֒ Hb֡a Drc-s֨ar Tzf֜on Lhֽsthoֺ֗t Itza֙ Drc-s֣ar N֔gb and Hba֙ Drc-s֣ar N֔gb Itz֖a Drc-s֣ar Tzf֑onh L֣a Is֗ob D֤rc Hs֙ar֙ Asr-b֣a B֔o C֥i Nch֖o * left ** Itzֽa:
10: 46 And they that are in their midst, are not in the world, but the children of the children of Israel were born, and they came out to them;
11: 46 And in the feast of the dead, and in the midst of the dead, there shall be a sigh of relief, and I will make it to you, and I will go down to it, and I will go to the house, and I will come to you.
12: 46 Cֽi-iash֩ Hns֨ia Ndb֜h Aol֣h Aֽo-slmim֮ Ndb֣h Lֽihoh֒ and F֣tֽh L֗o At [1] Hs֙ar֙ Hfn֣h Kd֔im and As֤h At-aֽlto֙ and At-slm֔io Cas֥r Ias֖h Bi֣om Hsb֑t and Itz֛a and Sg֥r At-hs֖ar Ahr֥i Tzatֽo:
13: 46 And the son of his wife, his wife, did him, and he did not do anything to him, but he did not go to him, but he came to him, and the son of the firstborn came to the house, and did the work of his people.
14: 46 And there is a commandment, which is made in the heart of the heart; and it is in the heart of the heart, that it is white, and it is white, and it is white, and it is white, and it is white, and it is white, and it is white, and it is white, and it is white.
15: 46 * And Esau made a fool of the sheep, and the sheep, and of the oxen, and of the oxen, and of the oxen;
16: 46 So the Lord, the Lord, is with me, for the children of the women are not married; for there is a woman of his own sons; for he has given birth to his children; for they have given birth to her son, and they have given birth to her. They are the children of Ahuzat, but they are the sons of Nahla.
17: 46 And the children of the tribe of Mahanath, the sons of Mihalath, gave him his inheritance, and his servants, and his wife, and he returned to him, and he returned to the land of the land, and returned, and returned to the land of Israel, and he returned to Israel, and he returned to his inheritance, and his sons, his sons, returned to them, and they returned to him.
18: 46 And none of the women of the tribe of Hanan took the oath of allegiance to them, because they were not the ones who were married to him, but they took away their children from the land of Israel, so that they were able to return to the land of Israel, and the people of Israel were still there.
19: 46 Ibia֣ni Bmboa֮ As֣r Al-c֣tf Hsar֒ Al-hlsc֤ot Hk֙ds֙ Al-hc֣hn֔im Hfn֖ot Tzf֑onh and Hnh-s֣m Mk֔om * Birctm S ** Birct֖im Iֽmh:
20: 46 I֣amr Al֔i Z֣h Hmk֗om As֤r Ibslo-sm֙ Hc֣hn֔im At-has֖m and At-hht֑at As֤r Iafo֙ At-hmnh֔h Lblt֥i Hotz֛ia Al-hhtz֥r Hhֽitzon֖h Lkd֥s At-haֽm:
21: 46 And he brought me to the house of the king, and the son of Heshon, the son of Hazzar, the son of Heshon, the son of Zechariah, and he turned to me, and brought me to the ark of the land, and he cut it short, and in the midst of the narrow side of the road, he cut through the narrow side of the gate.
22: 46 In the midst of a short distance, there is a short distance between the four corners of the earth, four hundred cubits, four hundred cubits, seven hundred cubits, seven hundred cubits, seven hundred cubits, seven cubits, four hundred cubits, four hundred cubits, four cubits, four cubits, four pillars. [4]
23: 46 And the tribe of Sabib turned to them, and they turned their backs to the four hundred, and they did not go out of their way, but they did it, and they came out of the air;
24: 46 And he said unto him, Behold, I have given birth unto thee, that is, that I will not be ashamed of them: but I will not be ashamed of them, nor shall they be satisfied with them, but I will bring them to the house of the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 47   (23 verses)‬
1: 47 and Isbni֮ Al-f֣th Hbit֒ and Hnh-m֣im Itza֗im Mt֨ht Mft֤n Hb֙it֙ Kd֔imh Cֽi-fn֥i Hb֖it Kd֑im and Hm֣im Ird֗im Mt֜ht Mc֤tf Hb֙it֙ Himn֔it Mn֖gb Lmzbֽh:
2: 47 And I will bring you to the land of Tzar, to the north of Zippon, and I will return to you, and I will return to the land of Israel, and I will return to the land of Israel, and I will return to the land of Israel, and the land of the land of Israel will be destroyed, and the land will be destroyed, and the land will be destroyed.
3: 47 When the people came, they were very cold, and they were in their hands, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they came to me, and they came to me, and they came to me in the midst of them.
4: 47 And it came to pass, that I had been circumcised, and that I had transgressed in the midst of the earth, and in the midst of them, and there was a thousand miles, and I went away from them, and they were not there.
5: 47 And it came to pass, that the people of the tribe of Naphtali went up to the land of Lobo, which was called G-davo, which was called by the people of the land. Then they came to the land of Nehemiah, to Esau.
6: 47 And he said unto them, Behold, I saw the children of the children of Adonam, and they came to me, and they returned to me, the lips of the children of the firstborn.
7: 47 When I return, and behold, I will go to the lips of the man, and I will come to the house of the LORD, and I will bring it forth from her, and from her own land.
8: 47 and I֣amr Al֗i Hm֤im Ha֙lh֙ Iotza֗im Al-hglilh֙ Hkdmon֔h and Ird֖o Al-hֽarb֑h and B֣ao Hi֔mh Al-hi֥mh Hmֽotza֖im * and ** healed and Nrf֥o Hmֽim:
9: 47 and Hi֣h Cl-n֣fs Hi֣h | Aֽsr-isr֡tz A֣l Cl-asr֩ Ib֨oa S֤m Nhl֙im֙ Iֽhi֔h and Hi֥h Hdg֖h Rb֣h Ma֑d Ci֩ B֨ao S֜mh Hm֣im Ha֗lh and Irֽfao֙ and H֔i C֛l Asr-i֥boa S֖mh Hnֽhl:
10: 47 Hih֩ * ** Amd֨o Al֜io will Dog֗im Ma֥in G֙di֙ and Ad-a֣in Agl֔im Mst֥oh Lֽhrm֖im Ihi֑o Lminh֙ Thi֣h Dgt֔m Cdg֛t Hi֥m Hgd֖ol Rb֥h Maֽd:
11: 47 * When he came out, he came out of his house, and brought it to him, and it came to him that he was not afraid;
12: 47 Al-hn֣hl Ial֣h Al-sft֣o Mz֣h | and Mz֣h | Cl-aֽtz-m֠acl La-ib֨ol Al֜ho and Lֽa-it֣m Fri֗o Lֽhdsio֙ Ibc֔r C֣i Mim֔io Mn-hmkd֖s H֣mh Iֽotza֑im * and ** and Hi֤h were Frio֙ Lmֽac֔l and Al֖ho Ltrofֽh: S.
13: 47 So the Lord said, O Lord, I pray thee, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD! Behold, I have multiplied the throne of the LORD. Thou shalt bring the people of the land to the earth, but do not do evil, but I will not be ashamed.
14: 47 And you shall have mercy on them, but you shall not be ashamed of them, but I will give them to you, and I will bring them to you, and I will bring them to you.
15: 47 And Zoh, the son of Gilead, went up to the land, to the west of Zippon, and to Zvonah, from the LORD, to them, the mighty, and to the south, to the south, and to the south, to the south side,
16: 47 חממ֤מ֤ת |ב֙ה֙ה֙ה אששללגּבּ֥בּ֥ה אשש ארֽבֽב֥ן אשש אּרֽבֽן::::::::::::::::::::::::: 16:47 And he said unto him, I will go down to the land of Gibeon, that is, to the west, to the west, and to the west;
17: 47 And there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall.
18: 47 Fa֣t Kd֡im Mb֣in Hor֣n and Mbin-dmsk֩ and Mb֨in Hgla֜d and Mb֨in A֤rtz Isral֙ Hird֔n Mgb֛ol Al-hi֥m Hkdmon֖i Tm֑do and A֖t Fa֥t Kdֽimh:
19: 47 And behold, it is not in the midst of the earth, but in the midst of the earth, and in the midst of the earth, and in the waters of the earth.
20: 47 And the house of the LORD came upon them, and the greatness of the people was in the midst of the mighty, even the people of the land, even unto the house of the LORD.
21: 47 And thou shalt take away this land, that is, and bring it to them, that they may return to it, that they may be saved.
22: 47 Hi֗h Tf֣lo Aoth֮ Bnhlh֒ Lc֗m and Lhgrim֙ Hgr֣im Btocc֔m Asr-hol֥do Bn֖im Btֽocc֑m and Hi֣o Lc֗m Cazrh֙ Bbn֣i Isra֔l Atcm֙ Ifl֣o Bnhl֔h Bt֖oc Sbt֥i Israֽl:
23: 47 And there was a woman in the tribe of Asher, who was mighty, glorified, and with him, that they had been baptized, and that they had been saved;
‪xxxx  Chapter 48   (35 verses)‬
1: 48 and A֖lh Sm֣ot Hsbt֑im Mktz֣h Tzf֡onh Al-i֣d Dֽrc-htl֣n | Lֽboa-hm֡t Htz֣r Ainn֩ Gb֨ol Dm֤sk Tzf֙onh֙ Al-i֣d Hm֔t and Hio-l֧o Fat-kd֛im Hi֖m D֥n Ahֽd:
2: 48 ו֣עּ֣ל |ל | גְּּבּ֣לּ֣ל ד֗ד֗מ מִמְּפאא֥ת קת ק֛ד֛ד עם ע-ד-פַאת-֖֖מהה אשש֥֥ר אה אֶחֽד::
3: 48 ועעּ֣ל |ל | גְּּבּ֣ל֣ו אל אשש֗֗ר֗ם מפפְּּא֥ת קת ק֛ד֛מ֛מ והעד-פַא-ית֖֖מהה נפּתָּל֥ל֥ה אחחֽד:ד::
4: 48 ועעּ֣ל |ל | גְּּבּ֣ל נּל נפפתתָּל֗ל֗י מפפאא֥ת֥ת ק֛ד֛מ עמ עע-ד- פאא-ית֖֖֖מהה מננֶּש֥ה֥ה אחחֽד:::
5: 48 ועעּ֣ע֣ל | גְּּבּ֣וּ֣ל מננֶּשּ֗ה֗ה מפפ֥א֥ת קת ק֛ד֛מ עה עדפפַא-ית֖֖מהה אפפ֥ר֥י אם אחחֽד:ד::
6: 48 And he went up to him, saying, Glory be to him, that there was a wall, and that there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall.
7: 48 ועעּ֣ל |ל | גְּּבּ֣ו֣ל ראוא֗ב֗ב֗ן מפפאאְּא֥ת קה קדד֛ד עם ע-דפפַא-ית֖ה֖מההְהּּד֥ה֥ה אחחֽד:ד֥ה: אחחֽד:ד::
8: 48 and Al֙ Gb֣ol Ihod֔h Mfa֥t Kd֖im Ad-fat-i֑mh Thi֣h Htrom֣h Aֽsr-tr֡imo Hmsh֩ and Asr֨im A֜lf R֗hb and A֜rc Cah֤d Hhlkim֙ Mfa֤t Kd֙imh֙ Ad-fat-i֔mh and Hi֥h Hmkd֖s Btocֽo:
9: 48 Thou shalt not lift up the earth, nor the thorn, nor the thorn, nor the thorn, nor the thorn, nor the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth.
10: 48 ֠la֜lh Thi֣h Trֽomt-hkds֮ Lcֽhnim֒ Tzf֜onh Hms֧h and Asr֣im A֗lf and I֙mh֙ R֚hb As֣rt Alf֔im and Kd֗imh R֚hb As֣rt Alf֔im and N֕gbh A֕rc Hms֥h and Asr֖im A֑lf and Hi֥h Mkds-iho֖h Btocֽo:
11: 48 And the sons of the sons of Israel, the children of the tribe of Mordecai, were numbered, and the people of the tribe of Israel were not saved, but the people of Israel remained silent, and the people of Israel remained silent, and the people of Israel remained silent, as though the people of Israel were in a state of trouble.
12: 48 And they were given to them: Thou hast transgressed: Thou hast defiled them, but they are not in the land, but they are holy, and they return unto the mighty;
13: 48 Hloi֗m Lamt֙ Gb֣ol Hchn֔im Hms֨h and Asr֥im A֙lf֙ A֔rc and R֖hb As֣rt Alf֑im Cl-a֗rc Hms֤h and Asrim֙ A֔lf and R֖hb As֥rt Alfֽim:
14: 48 And he shall not be circumcised, nor shall he be circumcised; and he shall not die; and he shall not go down: and he shall return to the house of the firstborn, and the land shall be like the land of the LORD.
15: 48 And the six men went up, and the sons of the sons of Israel went up to the house of the children of Israel, and the twenty-five of them went out to the house of the king, and they went out to the house of the king, and he went to the house of the king, and he returned to the house of the king.
16: 48 Alh֮ Mdotih֒ Fa֣t Tzf֗on Hm֤s Maot֙ and Arb֣at Alf֔im and Fat-n֕gb Hm֥s * Five Ma֖ot and Arb֣at Alf֑im and Mfa֣t Kd֗im Hm֤s Maot֙ and Arb֣at Alf֔im and Fat-i֕mh Hm֥s Ma֖ot and Arb֥at Alfֽim:
17: 48 And he went out from Gerash, to the city of Zippor, Zippo, and to Zeraim, from the west of the city of Zippor, and from Zeraim, from Zeraim, to Zerah, and from Zerah, and from there to Zhamnath, and from there to Kerem Shalom, and from there to Kerem Shalom, and from there to Kerem Shalom, and from there to Damascus.
18: 48 Hnot֨r Ba֜rc Lam֣t | Trom֣t Hk֗ds As֨rt Alf֤im Kd֙imh֙ and As֤rt Alfim֙ I֔mh and Hi֕h Lam֖t Trom֣t Hk֑ds and Hit֤h * Fruits ** Tbֽoato֙ Ll֔hm Labd֖i Haֽir:
19: 48 And the servant went out into the air, and the servant was afraid of him, because he was not afraid;
20:48 All the transgressors were fifteen hundred and twenty-nine. And they were seven thousand five hundred and twenty nine.
21: 48 Hnot֣r Lns֣ia Mz֣h | and Mz֣h | Ltrֽomt-hk֣ds and Lahz֪t Ha֟ir Al-fn֣i Hmsh֩ and Asr֨im A֥lf | Tromh֮ Ad-gb֣ol Kdimh֒ and I֗mh Al-f֠ni Hms֨h and Asr֥im A֙lf֙ Al-gb֣ol I֔mh Lam֥t Hlk֖im Lns֑ia and Hֽith֙ Trom֣t Hk֔ds and Mkd֥s Hb֖it * it ** Btocֽo :
22: 48 And from Ahaz, the father of the Levites, and from Mechazah, the son of Asher, the son of Beth-Baruch, Asher, Asher, was married to Leah, the son of Benjamin, son of Benjamin, son of Benjamin, of the tribe of Judah, of Judah, and of Gibor, of Gilead, of Neil, of Nehemiah, of Laban, of Nahshiah, of Jehoiah.
23: 48 And the remnant of the captives came up from afar, but was not holy, and they were still in the house; even the children of the children were there.
24: 48 ועעּ֣ע֣ל |ּל |ּל |ּה גְּּבּ֣ל בל בננממ֗֗ן֗ מפפ֥א֥ת קת קדּד֛מ֛מ עה ע-דפפַא-ית- י֖מ֖מ שה שׁמ֥ע֥ו אן אחחֽדֽד:::
25: 48 ועעּ֣ע֣ל |ּל |ּה ה:בּ֣שּּל שם שְׁמ֗ע֗וןן מפפ֥א֥ת קה קדּד֛מ֛מ עמ עה ע-דפפַת- י֖מ֖מ יהִשככ֥ר אר אחחֽד:::
26: 48 ועעּ֣ע֣ל |ּל |ּה גה גה֣ה֣ה֣ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:֣֣ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ ש מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ ֥ ק מִ ק ק ק֥֥ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ א א א א א א א א א א֥֥ א א א א א֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥ א א א א֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥ 17:11 Train Station
27: 48 וְע֣ע֣ל | גְּּבּ֣בּ֣ל זבוּב֗ל֗ו֗֗ן מִ מפפאאְּא֥ת קה ק֛ד֛מ֛מ עא-דפפַא-ית֖ה֖מהה אחחֽד:ה::
28: 48 And Gabb, the son of Gilead, went up to him, and went to the house of the tribe of Timon, and there was a mountain of water, and there was no water, no water, no water, no water, no water, no water, and no water.
29: 48 And I will bring forth the land which, having been given up, will be given to the tribe of Israel, and I will bring it to you, and I will send it to you, and I will send it to you, and I will send it to you.
30: 48 And the commandment came to him, saying, "Behold, it is clear from the mouth of the righteous, that is, the light of the heavens, and the earth, and the multitude of the earth."
31: 48 And the gates of the mountains were bright on the high places, and they were captivated, and the people of Israel were in the midst of the gates of the sea, and the thorns of the sea were white, and there were many trees, and the trees were burning, and there was another tree, and the trees were burning, and Yahweh was there, and there was another tree, and there was a tree, and there was another tree.
32: 48 And unto Pahath, it was a holy day, five hundred years; and it was a hundred years, and it was three hundred years, and three hundred years, and six hundred years, and another, and another, and another, and another, and another, and another, and another,
33: 48 And the captain of the tribe returned to Hamath, the city of Mezuzah, and brought up thousands of people, and he went to the house of Shadar, who was there for three hundred years, that he had heard the voice of the people, and that he had heard it, and that he had heard it.
34: 48 And the children of the tribe of Israel went to the house of the tribe of Israel, and the people of Israel went up against them, and the people of Israel went to them, and they returned to their land, and they returned to the land of Israel.
35: 48 And the sabbath shall be made, and it shall be done, and it shall be done, and the name of the people shall be removed from them;
‪xxxx    End of Ezekiel (48 chapters, 1273 verses).
