‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.46. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Ezra (10 chapters, 280 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (11 verses)‬
1: 1 and Bsn֣t Ah֗t Lc֙ors֙ M֣lc Fr֔s Lcl֥ot Dbr-iho֖h Mf֣i Irmi֑h Ha֣ir Iho֗h At-r֙oh֙ C֣rs Mֽlc-fr֔s and Iֽabr-kol֙ Bcl-mlcot֔o and Gm-bmct֖b Lamֽr:
2: 1 C֣h Am֗r C֚rs M֣lc Fr֔s C֚l Mmlc֣ot Ha֔rtz N֣tn L֔i Iho֖h Alh֣i Hsm֑im and Hֽoa-fk֤d Ali֙ Lbnֽot-l֣o B֔it Birosl֖m As֥r Bֽihodֽh:
3: 1 Mֽi-bc֣m Mcl-am֗o Ih֤i Alhio֙ Am֔o and I֕al Lirosl֖m As֣r Bihod֑h and I֗bn At-b֤it Ihoh֙ Alh֣i Isra֔l H֥oa Halh֖im As֥r Biroslֽm:
4: 1 and Cl-hnsa֗r Mֽcl-hmkmot֮ As֣r H֣oa Gֽr-sm֒ Insa֙oho֙ Ans֣i Mkm֔o Bc֥sf and Bzh֖b and Brc֣os and Bbhm֑h Am-h֨ndb֔h Lb֥it Halh֖im As֥r Biroslֽm:
5: 1 and Ik֜omo Ras֣i Hab֗ot Lֽihodh֙ and Bnim֔n and Hchn֖im and Hloi֑m Lc֨l Ha֤ir Halhim֙ At-roh֔o Lal֣ot Lbn֔ot At-b֥it Iho֖h As֥r Biroslֽm:
6: 1 And all the men of the tribe of Israel were in the midst of the battle, and they were in their hands, and they were in the midst of all the land of the land, and in the land of the land, and in the midst of the land, and in the midst of the garden, and in the garden of the mountains, and on the land of all the trees.
7: 1 And it is your inheritance, that is, the inheritance of the children, all the people of the house of Yahweh, that is, the people of Nazareth, the sons of the LORD, the children of Israel, and the inhabitants of the house of Yahweh.
6: 1 And the children of the children of Israel [C] [v], as if they were from the tribe of Israel, on the land of the tribe of Thirteenth, the city of Haggab, and on the west, and on the west side, and on the south side, the tribe of Sheshbesh.
9: 1 And I will give you a number of books, and I will make a bill for them, and I will make a covenant with them, and I will return to the land of Israel, and I will return to the land of Israel, and I will return to the land of Israel.
10: 1 As a young man, gold is a hundred thousand, and as many as a thousand shekels of gold, I have multiplied, and I will multiply, and I will not go down, and I will not go down.
11: 1 All things are for the one who is in charge, and the fifth is the sword of the seven thousand, and the multitude of them is a hundred thousand, and the multitude of them is high, and the people of the land, the mighty ones, are the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the merciful.
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (70 verses)‬
1: 2 and A֣lh | Bn֣i Hmdin֗h Hֽalim֙ Msb֣i Hgol֔h As֥r Hgl֛h * Nbocdntzor ** Nbocdntz֥r Mֽlc-bb֖l Lbb֑l and Is֛obo Lirosl֥m and ֽihod֖h A֥is Lairֽo:
2: 2 Asr-b֣ao Am-zrbb֗l Is֡oa N֠hmih Sri֨h Rֽali֜h Mrdc֥i Bls֛n Msf֥r Bgo֖i Rh֣om Ban֑h Msf֕r Ans֖i A֥m Israֽl: S.
3: 2 The children of Pharisees, did they go up to the land, and from there they came to Sheba, and they returned to Sinai.
4: 2 My son, my judges are the ones that have come into being, and they are not seven hundred, and seven are many;
5: 2 The children of Israel are the ones who have taken up the land of the land of Israel, and the land of the seven hundred and fifty-seven.
6: 2 Son of the son of Pharisees, of Moab, the son of Laban, there is a nation of the people of Israel, that is, of the tribe of Israel, that is, of the tribe of Israel, and of the tribe of Esau.
7: 2 The children of the tribe of Eilam, are they not circumcised, yet they are now five hundred and fifty, and they are four hundred.
8: 2 Son of the son of Zath, and of his wives, of the four hundred, and of the four hundred, and of the fifth, and of the fifth;
9: 2 The children of Israel are worthy; they are the ones who bring them back from the land of Israel, and the inhabitants of Samaria.
10: 2 Son, son, son, son, wife, wife, wife, mother, wife, wife, wife, wife, husband, wife, wife, wife, wife, wife, husband or wife.
11: 2 Son, son, son, son, father, wife, wife, mother, wife, wife, wife, etc.
12: 2 Son of the son of Azzag, the son of the king, the son of the king;
13: 2 The children of Adonis, the children of the tribe of Simeon, the cities of Sheshoth, Samaria, and Shesh.
14: 2 The children of Bijo, the children of Eliph, were five hundred and forty-six.
15: 2 The children of the tribe of Idan, Arbatha, the hundred thousand, and the five hundred, and the four hundred.
16: 2 Son of the son of Ettar, the son of Jehazaki, of the tribe of Levi, and of the tribe of Simeon.
17: 2 The children of the children of Israel, the children of the tribe of Shiloh, were numbered twenty-nine, and six hundred and fifty.
18: 2 The children of the children of Israel were born, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel were destroyed.
19: 2 The sons of Heshy, Hashomer, are they now, and they are nine hundred and twenty-nine.
20: 2 The sons of Gibeon were nine hundred and twenty-five.
21: 2 The children of the children of Beethoven, the sons of Haham, of Meah, of Esarah, and of Shilshah, of Judah.
22: 2 The people of Netophe were five hundred and twenty-six.
23: 2 I am a man, and I will give you a hundred thousand shekels, and I will give you ten shekels.
24: 2 The children of the children of Azzam, the tribe of Arba'֥, and the tribe of Sִֽֽֽֽ:.
25: 2 Son of a son, come to the city of Arar, to the west of Kefir, and to the west, to the west, and to the west, to the west, and to the four hundred, and to the west,
26: 2 The son of the LORD was raised up, and he was nine hundred years old, six hundred thousand, and nine hundred and twenty nine.
27: 2 I am a man of all kinds, so that there are nine hundred and twenty six.
28: 2 I am the son of the son of Eli, the son of Eli, and I will come up to you, and I will be with you, and I will come to you.
29: 2 The son of Noah, the son of Nebuchah, five hundred and fifty; and six hundred.
30: 2 בנ֣י֣י מְג֔ב֔יׁש מם מאא֖֖ה חממששִּּ֥֥ם וששׁשּֽֽֽהה: ס
31: 2 My son, the son of Eilam, is he that hath rebelled against the people of the land, but now he is five hundred years old, and he is the father of the people.
32: 2 The children of Hebron are strangers, and they are the inhabitants of the land, and the land of the land of Israel.
33: 2 The sons of the children are David, and David is his son, and he is the captain of the tribe of Israel.
34: 2 The children of Israel shall inherit their land, which shall be filled with the four hundred forty four hundred and fifty-five.
35: 2 Son of the son of Sena, the king of the tribe of Elph, and of the six hundred, and the hundred, and six hundred, fifty;
36: 2 And the sons of the sons of the sons of the children of Judah, the children of Judah, the children of Judah, the children of Israel, the inhabitants of the land of Israel, the inhabitants of the land of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land.
37: 2 The children of Amor rebuked them for a hundred fifty-five hundred and forty-two.
38: 2 The children of Pharisees, the sons of Pharisees, and the descendants of the Philistines, who are now four hundred forty-four, forty-six.
39: 2 The children of Hare, the son of Hareph, the son of Joseph, and the tribe of Asa, the son of Esau.
40: 2 The children of the sons of the sons of the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, were born to the children of Israel; they were the LORD of the seven tribes, and the people of Arba'ֽֽ:.
41: 2 The Lord hath sent down the flesh of the sons of the land, but he is not yet full of the earth, and he is nine hundred and twenty-nine.
42: 2 The children of the children of the tribe of Sodar, the sons of Shiloh, the sons of Tilam, the sons of Tilam, the sons of Akeb, the sons of Akeb, the sons of Akeb, the son of Hittite, the son of Nehemiah, returned to them, and the children of the tribe of Israel were three hundred years old, and they were saved.
43: 2 The children of Pisgah were married, they were not the sons of Hashuap, but they were sons, but they were not obedient to them.
44: 2 The children of Kerrus, the sons of Sosaiya, the children of Anas, were redeemed by the children of Israel.
45: 2 The sons of Laban, the sons of Haggab, the son of Ahadai, the captain of the tribe of Job.
46: 2 The sons of Haggab, the sons of the children of Shemali, who were in the house of Hanan, Hanan,
47: 2 The children of Gedol, the sons of Gath, the son of Gera, seeing her her children.
48: 2 The children of the children of Narko, the sons of Neko, the sons of Neko.
49: 2 The sons of Uzza, the sons of Pessah, the sons of Posei, are ashamed of me.
50: 2 The sons of Asnah, the sons of the children, the eyes of the children, the children of the children;
51: 2 The sons of the tribe of Zok, the sons of Chokapah, are not sons, neither are they the children of Hokarah.
52: 2 The sons of Bezalel, the sons of Meida, are not sons, but they are deaf, and they are afraid.
53: 2 The sons of Barak, and the sons of Sosai-Sisar, the son of Nathaiam.
54: 2 The children of Nitzah, the sons of the sons of Hittite,
55: 2 Son of servants, servants of the children of Sutah: the sons of the scepter, the daughter of the children of Perodah.
56: 2 The children of the children of Israel, the children of Darek, the sons of the children of Gedol.
57: 2 My sons, my judges, are they sons of the sons of Hittel, sons of the sons of Israel, and the people of the tribe of Israel;
58: 2 All the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel were servants of the people, and they were the servants of the people of Israel, and of them they were saved, and they were saved.
59: 2 And behold, the children of Israel were among the children of the tribe of Mordecai, the son of Gath, the son of Aaron, the ark of the LORD, the ark of the LORD, the ark of the LORD, and of the people of Israel.
60: 2 The sons of Delai, the sons of Toby, the sons of Nebuchadne, the son of Nebuchadneh, which is the sixth, and the sixth, the fifth, and the fifth, and the fifth, the fifth, the fifth, and the fifth.
61: 2 And the sons of the sons of Israel, the sons of Israel, the sons of Israel, the sons of Israel, the sons of Israel, the sons of Israel, the sons of Israel, the sons of Israel, the sons of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
62: 2 They asked thee, saying, Behold, they have been baptized, and they have not given up; and they have not been saved; and they have been saved, and they have not been saved from it.
63: 2 And the Lord said unto the Lord, Thou shalt not give up unto them; but they shall not be consumed; but they shall not be consumed; they shall not be sanctified, but they shall be sanctified, and they shall not be destroyed, nor shall they be burned.
64: 2 All the children of Israel, like all the other men, multiply, multiply, and multiply, three hundred, and three hundred;
65: 2 And the servants of their servants, and their mothers, were numbered, but they were not satisfied, but they were not satisfied with the three hundred wives, and they were seven hundred, and they were not among those who were sent down, and they were not subservient to them anymore.
66: 2 So that the people of the tribe of Israel returned to the land of Israel, and there were three hundred and fifty of them, four hundred of them, four hundred of them, four hundred, forty four hundred and fifty five;
67: 2 And they were full of them, and they were full of the hundred and fifty shekels, and they were five hundred: and they were three hundred, and six thousand, and seven thousand, seven hundred and twenty nine;
68: 2 And the chiefs of the sons of the fathers of the children of Israel were in their midst, and they returned to the house of Yahweh, but as the people of Birshushalam, they were destroyed, and the people of the tribe of Laban returned, and the people of God were not able to go up against him, even though they were not in his possession.
69: 2 As for their power, they have given themselves to the earth, and it is not the work, but it is the day of the generations, that is, the six thousand, and the people of the world, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of the land.
70: 2 And they dwelt among them, the priests, and the Levites, and the faithful men, and those that remained silent, and the men of the mountains, and the men of Israel, in their cities, and all the children of Israel in their cities.
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (13 verses)‬
1: 3 And he came to the house of Heshon, the sixth of the tribe, and the sons of Israel, the children of Baar, and he raised up the land of the valley, as the people of Israel were married unto Jerusalem.
2: 3 and Ikm֩ Is֨oa Bn-iֽotzd֜k and Ah֣io Hchn֗im and Zrbb֤l Bn-saltial֙ and Ah֔io and Ibn֕o At-mzb֖h Alh֣i Isra֑l Lhal֤ot Alio֙ Al֔ot Cct֕ob Btor֖t Ms֥h Ais-halhֽim:
3: 3 And we will bring forth the inheritance of the people of Israel, so that they will not be put to death, but they will be destroyed, because they will not be put to death, but their land will be filled with water, and the land of Israel will rise again. "[4] And he went up to him, and he went up to him and said to him," Come on, I will be cold, and I will not be angry. "
4: 3 And he went up and went to the house of the king, and he went to the house of the king, and he went to the house of the king, saying, "Behold, I will return to you, and I will return to you."
5: 3 And after them, he went up, and went on, saying, "Behold, this is the day of the LORD, and all the people of the house." "Oh, Lord, have mercy on the LORD." And he said to him, "Behold, the Lord is the Lord."
6: 3 Who is the king of the people of the seventh month of the seventh month, who have turned to him to go up and go up to the LORD, and to him, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD?
7: 3 and I֨tno-c֔sf Lhtzb֖im and Lhrs֑im and Mac֨l and Mst֜h and S֗mn Ltzֽdnim֙ and Ltzr֔im Lhbia֩ Atz֨i Arz֤im Mn-hlbnon֙ Al-i֣m If֔oa Crsi֛on C֥ors Mֽlc-fr֖s Alihֽm: P.
8: 3 and Bsn֣h Hsn֗it Lboa֞m Al-b֤it Hֽalhim֙ Lir֣osl֔m Bh֖ds Hsn֑i Hh֡lo Zrbb֣l Bn-s֠altial and Is֨oa Bn-iֽotzd֜k and Sa֥r Ahih֣m | Hchn֣im and Hloi֗m and Cl-hbaim֙ Mhsb֣i Irֽosl֔m and Iam֣ido At-hloi֗m Mb֨n Asr֤im Snh֙ and M֔alh Lntz֖h Al-ml֥act Bit-ihoֽh: P.
9: 3 and Iam֣d Is֡oa Bn֣io and ֠ahio Kdmia֨l and Bn֤io Bnֽi-ihodh֙ Cah֔d Lntz֛h Al-as֥h Hmlac֖h Bb֣it Halh֑im S. Bni֙ Hֽnd֔d Bnih֥m and Ahih֖m Hloiֽm:
10: 3 and Isd֥o Hbn֖im At-hic֣l Iho֑h and Iamido֩ Hchn֨im Mlbs֜im Bhtzֽtzr֗ot and Hloi֤m Bnֽi-asf֙ Bֽmtzlt֔im Lhll֙ At-iho֔h Al-id֖i Do֥id Mֽlc-israֽl:
11: 3 and ֽ֠iano Bhl֨l and Bhod֤t Lֽihoh֙ C֣i T֔ob Cֽi-laol֥m Hsd֖o Al-isra֑l and Cl-ha֡m Hriao֩ Troa֨h [U] Gdol֤h Bhll֙ Lֽiho֔h A֖l Hos֥d Bit-ihoֽh: S.
12: 3 and Rb֡im Mhchn֣im and Hloim֩ and Ras֨i Hab֜ot Hzkn֗im As֨r Ra֜o At-hb֤it Hֽrason֙ Bisd֔o Z֤h Hb֙it֙ Ba֣inih֔m Bc֖im Bk֣ol Gd֑ol and Rb֛im Btroa֥h Bsmh֖h Lhr֥im Kֽol:
13: 3 And the people of the land shall be destroyed, and the people of the land shall be destroyed, and the people of the land shall be destroyed, and the people of the land shall return to their land, and they shall not be destroyed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (24 verses)‬
1: 4 וֽיִּשׁמ֔ע֔ו֔ו צרר֥י יְהּה֖ד֖ו֖ה וניּנ֑מ֑ן כן כֽיֽי- בננ֤י הַי הגג֙ל֙ה בוֹנ֣נ֣ה ה֔י֔ל֔ל לה ליהוה֖הו֖ה אלל֥הו יה יששררֽאֽהֽל::
2: 4 And Igs֨o Al-zrbb֜l and Al-ras֣i Hֽab֗ot and Iamr֤o Lhm֙ Nbn֣h Amc֔m C֣i Cc֔m Ndr֖os Lֽalhic֑m * and ** and L֣o | An֣hno Zbh֗im Mimi֙ As֤r Hdn֙ M֣lc As֔or Hmal֥h At֖no Fֽh:
3: 4 and Iamr֩ Lh֨m Zrbb֜l and Is֗oa and Sa֨r Ras֤i Hֽabot֙ Lisra֔l Lֽa-l֣cm and L֔no Lbn֥ot B֖it Lalh֑ino Ci֩ An֨hno I֜hd Nbn֗h Lֽihoh֙ Alh֣i Isra֔l Cas֣r Tzo֔no Hm֖lc C֥ors Mֽlc-frֽs:
4: 4 And the people of the people were afraid, and they were afraid: they were with the people of Yahweh, and they were weeping, and they were afraid of them, but they did not understand them.
5: 4 And they went up, and went up to them, and they went to the house of the children of Israel, so that all the people of the land were there, so that the land of your inheritance went forth, and the land of the land went forth, and the land of my house was destroyed.
6: 4 And in the kingdom of the LORD, I am the king of Israel, and I am in the midst of the kingdom of the kingdom, the kingdom of the kingdom of Israel, which is the commandment of the people, and the people of the tribe of Israel.
7: 4 and Bim֣i Arths֗sta Ct֨b Bsl֜m Mtrd֤t Tֽbal֙ and Sa֣r * ** Cnoֺt֔io per- sincerity * Artaxerxes ** Arths֖st M֣lc Fr֑s and Ctb֙ [C] Hֽnsto֔n Ct֥ob Arm֖it and Mtrg֥m Armֽit: P.
8: 4 The spirit of the people is in the midst of their wickedness, and they have made it to the people of Israel, and they have not lost their power, nor have they ever been able to return to the land of Israel.
9: 4 Ad֜in Rh֣om Bal-ta֗m and Smsi֙ Sֽfr֔a and Sa֖r Cnoth֑on D֠inia and Afrstci֞a Trfli֣a Afֽrsi֗a * Marco ** Arcoi֤a Bblia֙ Sֽosnci֔a * any person ** Dhi֖a Almiֽa:
10: 4 And when the mother of the people of Israel came up, she saw him, saying to him, "Do not be angry with me, and I will be with you, and I will come to you, and I will bring you forth in his grave, and I will return to you, and I will be glad to see you, and I will be glad to see you."
11: 4 The Lord of the earth is the seed of the seed of the grain of the grain of the earth, which is the source of the grain of the earth, which is the substance of the earth, the angel of the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth.
12: 4 Id֙ia֙ Lho֣a Lmlc֔a D֣i Ihodi֗a D֤i Sl֙ko֙ Mn-lot֔c Al֥ina At֖o Lirosl֑m Krit֨a Mֽrdt֤a * and Baista ** and Bֽista֙ [y] Bn֔in * and my parents and Sori֣a * ** ** Scl֔ilo Ascllo and Asi֖a Ihֽito:
13: 4 Ca֗n Id֙ia֙ Lho֣a Lmlc֔a D֠i H֣n Krit֥a Dc֙ Ttbn֔a and Sori֖h Iֽstcll֑on Mndֽh-bl֤o and Hlc֙ L֣a Intn֔on and Aft֥m Mlc֖im Thnzֽk:
14: 4 כְּע֗֗֗ן כלּל-קּב֙ל֙ל֙הֽהֽיְל֙ל֙ה֤ה ההְהֽנלל֙א֙ה מ֔ל֔הְננלא֙א֙ל֔ל֔הְהְנאא וא֣ר֣א֣ל֔לכלככ֔א֔א ל֥א֥אֽאֽרֽרֽי֔ך ל לא֖י֖נ לְא לממֽהזז֑א֑א ע֨ל-דל- ד֔נ֔א שה שׁל֖חְנאא וההוה֥אננָנ לְה לממְלככֽאא:ה.
15: 4 D֡i Ibkr֩ Bֽsfr-dcr֨ni֜a D֣i Abht֗c and ֠thsch Bsf֣r Dcrnia֮ and Tnda֒ Di֩ Krit֨a D֜c Kri֣a Mֽrd֗a and ֽmhnzk֤t Mlcin֙ and Mdn֔n and Astdor֙ Abd֣in Bgo֔h Mn-iom֖t Alm֑a A֨l-dn֔h Krit֥a D֖c Hֽhrbֽt:
16: 4 From the knowledge of the people, I am not in favor of the kingdom, but the kingdom of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, is the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World, the Greatest, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High.
17: 4 Ftgm֞a Sl֣h Mlc֗a Al-rh֤om Bal-tam֙ and Sms֣i Sֽfr֔a and Sar֙ Cno֣th֔on D֥i Itb֖in Bsֽmr֑in and Sa֧r Abֽr-nhr֛h Sl֖m and Caֽt: S.
18: 4 You have been married, but you have not sent them, but you have not given them up; they have gone down from afar, and they have been destroyed.
19: 4 And I will be glad to hear you, and I will be glad to see you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you from you.
20: 4 And they shall not be blessed, nor shall they be humbled, nor shall they be put to shame; but they shall be filled with bread, and they shall be filled with bread, and it shall be given to them, and they shall not be consumed.
21: 4 As for the people of the land, they have been planted, and they have not lost their land.
22: 4 And Zohir, he was not, behold, he was a servant of the tribe of Maab, the son of Dan, whose inheritance was to the land, and he did not attain it, nor did he bring it to harm.
23: 4 Ad֗in Mn-d֞i Frs֤gn Nstona֙ D֚i * Artaxerxes ** Arths֣st Mlc֔a Kr֧i Kdm-rh֛om and Sms֥i Sfr֖a and Cnoth֑on Az֨lo Bbhil֤o Lirֽoslm֙ Al-ih֣odi֔a and Bt֥lo Hm֖o Badr֥a and Hֽil: S.
24: 4 Behold, in the land of the land of Abed, the house of God is the house of God, and the house of the LORD is in Jerusalem, and the land is still in the land of the land, and the land of the land, the land of the land, the land of the land, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth.
‪xxxx  Chapter 5   (17 verses)‬
1: 5 And the sons of Haggai, the sons of Haggai, the prophets of Zephariah, the sons of Idoah, the prophets of Nebiah, the sons of Judah, the sons of Judah, and the sons of Judah, the children of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel.
2: 5 Bad֡in K֠mo Zrbb֤l Br-saltial֙ and Is֣oa Br-iֽotzd֔k and Sr֣io Lmbn֔a B֥it Alh֖a D֣i Birֽosl֑m and Amh֛on * Nbiaia ** Nbii֥a Dֽi-alh֖a Msad֥in Lhֽon: P.
3: 5 Bh-zmna֩ At֨a Alih֜on T֠tni Fh֧t Abֽr-nhr֛h and St֥r Bozn֖i and Cnoth֑on and Cn֙ Amr֣in Lh֔m Mn-s֨m Lc֜m Ta֗m Bit֤a Dnh֙ Lbn֔a and Asrn֥a Dn֖h Lscllֽh: S.
4: 5 Adonai was a Canaanite, because he believed in the name of the people, because they were the people of the people, and the people of Gibeera, the children of Israel, were not the children of Dan, because they were sons, because they were not sons.
5: 5 And when God was with them, they gave him back to the house of Jehoiudai, and not to Bethel, for he was still with him, so that he could not go to the house of the LORD, but he was with you, and the people of Israel were in favor of the land of the tribe of Israel.
6: 5 Frs֣gn A֠grta Dֽi-sl֞h Ttn֣i | Fh֣t Abֽr-nhr֗h and St֤r Bozni֙ and Cn֣ot֔h Af֨rsci֔a D֖i Bab֣r Nhr֑h Al-dri֖os Mlcֽa:
7: 5 Behold, I will not be pleased with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
8: 5 Id֣ia | Lho֣a Lmlc֗a Dֽi-az֜lna Lih֤od Mdֽinta֙ Lbit֙ Alh֣a Rb֔a and H֤oa Mtbna֙ A֣bn Gl֔l and A֖a Mts֣m Bctli֑a and Ab֥idta D֛c Asf֥rna Mtabd֖a and Mtzl֥h Bidhֽm: S.
9: 5 God is the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, of the earth, of the people of the land, of the people of the land, of the people of Israel, of the land of Israel, of the land of Israel, of the land of Israel, and of the land of Israel.
10: 5 And they are the people of the heavens; they are the ones who have given them to them. [P] [p] To the knowledge of the Lord, the Lord is the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe.
11: 5 and Cn֥ma Ftgm֖a Htib֣ona Lmm֑r An֣hna Hm֡o Abdohi֩ Dֽi-al֨h Smi֜a and Ara֗a and Bn֤in Bita֙ Dֽi-ho֨a Bn֜h Mkdm֤t Dnh֙ Sn֣in Sgia֔n and M֤lc Lisral֙ R֔b Bn֖hi and Scllֽh:
12: 5 Lh֗n Mn-d֨i Hrg֤zo Abht֙na֙ Lal֣h Smi֔a Ih֣b Hm֔o Bi֛d Nbocdntz֥r Mֽlc-bb֖l * Csdia ** Csda֑h and Bit֤h Dnh֙ Str֔h and Am֖h Hgl֥i Lbbֽl: S.
13: 5 And in the midst of the second day of the month of Cheshvan, there is no god but God, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Lord, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God.
14: 5 and ֠af Mani֣a Dֽi-bit-alha֮ D֣i Dhb֣h and Csfa֒ D֣i Nbocdntz֗r Hnfk֙ Mn-hֽicla֙ D֣i Bֽirosl֔m and Hib֣l Hm֔o Lhicl֖a D֣i Bb֑l Hnf֨k Hm֜o C֣ors Mlc֗a Mn-hֽicla֙ D֣i Bb֔l and Ih֙ibo֙ Lssbtz֣r Sm֔h D֥i Fh֖h Smֽh:
15: 5 And he said unto him, This is the God of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Worlds.
16: 5 Adonite is the king of the tribe of Sheshbard, who is the king of the tribe of Israel, and he is the one who is not worthy of them, because he is the God of the people of Israel, and not of them.
17: 5 and Ca֞n H֧n Al-mlc֣a T֗b I֠tbkr Bb֨it Gnzi֜a Di-mlc֣a Tmh֮ D֣i Bbbl֒ H֣n Ait֗i Dֽi-mn-c֤ors Mlca֙ S֣im Ta֔m Lmbn֛a Bit-alh֥a D֖c Birosl֑m and Ra֥ot Mlc֛a Al-dn֖h Isl֥h Alֽina: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 6   (22 verses)‬
1: 6 In the name of the Lord, the Lord is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God.
2: 6 And thou shalt smite him in a covenant, but thou shalt not be afraid of him; but he is in the midst of the earth, and thou shalt not be satisfied with him, and he shall be exalted, and he shall be exalted, and he shall return to him.
3: 6 Bsn֨t Hd֜h Lc֣ors Mlc֗a C֣ors Mlca֮ S֣m Tam֒ Bit-alh֤a Bֽiroslm֙ Bit֣a Itbn֔a Atr֙ Dֽi-dbh֣in Dbh֔in and As֖ohi Msֽobl֑in Romh֙ Am֣in St֔in Fti֖h Am֥in Stֽin:
4: 6 We will bring thee to the land of the Lord, and the son of Gilgal shall be a thorn, and he shall not go forth, because thou shalt not be afraid, and he shall be taken away from the house of the house of Malak.
5: 6 and ֠af Man֣i Bit-alha֮ D֣i Dhb֣h and Csfa֒ D֣i Nbֽocdntz֗r Hnf֛k Mn-hicl֥a Di-birosl֖m and Hib֣l Lbb֑l Ihtib֗on and ֠ihc Lhicl֤a Di-birֽoslm֙ Latr֔h and Th֖t Bb֥it Alhֽa: S.
6: 6 As for the people of the tribe of Israel, the people of the land of Israel, the people of the land of Israel, the inhabitants of the land of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel. "(C)" Verses of the people of the land of Israel, of Nahar, of Nahar, of Rahim,
7: 6 Return to the house of the LORD, to the servant of God, and to the house of God, and to the house of the LORD, and to the house of God, and to the house of God, the LORD will build you up.
8: 6 and Mni֮ S֣im Tam֒ Lm֣a Dֽi-tֽabd֗on Am-sb֤i Ihodia֙ Al֔c Lmbn֖a Bit-alh֣a D֑c and Mncs֣i Mlc֗a D֚i Mdt֙ Ab֣r Nhr֔h Asf֗rna Nfkt֛a Tho֧a Mֽtihb֛a Lgbri֥a Al֖c Di-l֥a Lbtlֽa:
9: 6 and M֣h Hsh֡n and Bn֣i Tor֣in and Dcr֣in and Amr֣in | Lalo֣n | Lal֪h Smi֟a Hnt֞in Ml֣h | Hm֣r and Ms֗h Cmam֨r Chni֤a Di-birֽoslm֙ Lho֨a Mtih֥b Lh֛m I֥om | Bi֖om Di-l֥a Slֽo:
10: 6 Do you know that there is no god but God, and I am not worthy of God, but I am not worthy of God, for I have given my name to God, and I have saved my life.
11: 6 And Mni֮ S֣im Tam֒ D֣i Cl-an֗s D֤i Ihsna֙ Ftgm֣a Dn֔h Itns֥h Aa֙ Mn-bit֔h and Zk֖if Itmh֣a Al֑hi and Bit֛h Nol֥o Itab֖d Al-dnֽh:
12: 6 And ֽalh֞a D֣i Sc֧n Sm֣h Tm֗h Img֞r Cl-m֤lc and Am֙ D֣i | Isl֣h Id֗h Lhsni֛h Lhbl֛h Bit-alh֥a D֖c D֣i Birosl֑m An֤h Dri֙os֙ S֣mt Ta֔m Asf֖rna Itabֽd: P.
13: 6 The LORD is the LORD, the Lord of the world, the servant of the LORD, the servant of the LORD, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts, of the people of Israel.
14: 6 And Sb֤i Ihodia֙ Bn֣in and Mtzlh֔in Bnboat֙ Hg֣i * prophetess ** Nbi֔a and Zcri֖h Br-ad֑oa and Bn֣o and Scl֗lo Mn-t֙am֙ Al֣h Isra֔l and Mtam֙ C֣ors and Dri֔os and Arths֖sta M֥lc Frֽs:
15: 6 And he that is the king of the children of the land of Danah, the king of Israel, the LORD of hosts, is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD.
16: 6 And they worshiped the children of Israel, so that the Israelites were as they were, and the Levites were not, and the sons of the great nation were not married; the Hanukkah was the house of God, and the land of God was not in Judah alone.
17: 6 And Hkr֗bo Lhnct֮ Bit-alh֣a Dnh֒ Tor֣in Ma֔h Dcr֣in Mat֔in Amr֖in Arb֣a Ma֑h and Tzfir֨i Az֜in * ** Lhta֤h Al-cl-isral֙ missed Trֽi-as֔r Lmni֖n Sbt֥i Israֽl:
18: 6 And the children of Nimmo, as the sons of Nihon, were in Pelagatha, and the Levites, and Levites, were in Mahlak, and they were not in the house of Abid; but the God of God was not in them, but in the city of Persia, they were destroyed.
19: 6 And the sons of the Goliath did the same thing in the fourteenth day, as it was done, and the chief of the tribe of Judah went out into the wilderness.
20: 6 When the sons of the sons of Israel were cleansed, and the children of Israel were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and they came to them, and they took them away.
21: 6 And the children of Israel, the children of Israel, were brought to the house of the captives, and the people of Haggul, the tribe of Judah, were destroyed, and the people of the tribe of Israel were killed. They were not afraid of them, but they were not afraid of them, but they were not afraid of them, because they were afraid of them, but God is the God of Israel.
22: 6 And Iֽas֧o Hg-mtz֛ot Sba֥t Im֖im Bsmh֑h C֣i | Smh֣m Iho֗h and ֽhs֞b L֤b Mֽlc-asor֙ Alih֔m Lhz֣k Idih֔m Bml֥act Bit-halh֖im Alh֥i Israֽl: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 7   (28 verses)‬
1: 7 And after that the Lord had given birth to the son of Hilkiah, the son of Hilkiah, the son of Hilkiah, the son of Hilkiah, the son of Hilkiah, the son of Shapira, and the son of Shapira.
2: 7 The son of Shiloh, the son of Zadok, the son of Ahit, the son of Zub;
3: 7 Son of Amarei, son of Azari the son of Merai,
4: 7 The son of Zerah, the son of Benazah, the son of Baz, the son of Baz,
5: 7 The son of Abish, the son of Phineh, the son of Elaz, the son of Aaron, the son of Elah, the son of Aaron.
6: 7 H֤oa Azra֙ Al֣h Mbb֔l and Hֽoa-sf֤r Mhir֙ Btor֣t Ms֔h Asr-nt֥n Iho֖h Alh֣i Isra֑l and Itn-l֣o Hm֗lc Cid-iho֤h Alhio֙ Al֔io C֖l Bkstֽo: P.
7: 7 and Iֽal֣o Mbnֽi-i֠sral and Mn-hchn֨im and Hloi֜m and Hmsrr֧im and Hsar֛im and Hntin֖im Al-irosl֑m Bsnt-s֖ba Larths֥sta Hmֽlc:
8: 7 And Jeroboam, the father of the tribe of Hamishiah, said to them, "Behold, it is the sixth day of the seventh month, that I may go to you."
9: 7 For when, in the midst of the earth, the first day of the month of mourning came, the people of Israel went up to the house of the LORD, and they returned to the land of Judah, the fifth day of the fifth month, and they returned to the land of Israel, as though they were the hands of God.
10: 7 Wherefore is the reproach of the LORD, that is, the son of the son, the son of his father, who hath taken away the Torah, and the LORD hath made it, and he hath done it, and he is not in the house of Israel, neither hath the law nor the law of judgment.
11: 7 and Z֣h | Frs֣gn Hֽnsto֗n As֤r Ntn֙ Hm֣lc Arths֔sta Lazr֥a Hch֖n Hsf֑r Sf֞r Dbr֧i Mtzoֺt-iho֛h and Hk֖io Al-israֽl: P.
12: 7 I am the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Elohim, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, and the Most High.
13: 7 For I have gone astray, and I have gone astray, but I have not seen them, but I have been with you for a long time: for I am with you, and my people are with you.
14: 7 All the people of the tribe of David, of all the people of the land, of the land of Israel, of the land of Israel, and of the tribe of Israel, of the tribe of Israel, of the land of Israel, of the land of Judah, of the land of the land, of the land of the land, of the land of the land, of the land of the LORD.
15: 7 And to the mourner, behold, it is a cup of wood, and it is a blade of water, and it is a rod of water, and it is a rod of water, and it is poured out to the LORD, so that it may be given to the LORD.
16: 7 And all the people of the tribe of Dodah went to the house of the tribe of Midian, in the midst of the hill, with the tribe of Tantabab, the tribe of Ammon, and the Canaanites, the inhabitants of the land, and the land of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
17: 7 Cl-kb֣l Dnh֩ Asf֨rna Tkn֜a Bcsf֣a Dn֗h Tor֤in | Dcrin֙ Amr֔in and Mnhth֖on and Nscih֑on and Tkr֣b Hm֔o Aֽl-mdbh֔h D֛i B֥it Alhc֖m D֥i Biroslֽm:
18: 7 And it came to pass, that is, that it was upon thee, and upon thy brother, and upon thy brother, that thou shalt go forth, and that thou shalt give up unto the house of the LORD thy God, and thou shalt not worship.
19: 7 And the people of the house of the LORD, the Lord of the worlds, were given to the people of the land, because they were not their God, but they were the same, but they were not God, but their inheritance was theirs.
20: 7 And when the darkness of the darkness grew, the God of God returned to you, saying, "Behold, I will return to you, and I will give you a gift, and I will give you a gift from you, and you will be saved."
21: 7 and ֠mni An֞h Arths֤sta Mlca֙ S֣im Ta֔m Lcl֙ Gzֽbri֔a D֖i Bab֣r Nhr֑h D֣i Cl-d֣i I֠salncon Azr֨a Chn֜h Sf֤r Dta֙ Dֽi-al֣h Smi֔a Asf֖rna Itabֽd:
22: 7 Even before the end of the day, as in the grave of the king, is it a sign of the covenant of the sons of Hittin, as it is known to the children of the tribe, and it is not yet a month of mourning, but the daughter of the daughter of the king, and of the daughter of the daughter of Benjamin, of the name of the king, of the king of Israel, and of the king of Judah,
23: 7 All of you are from the tribe of Israel. Do not worship me, but I will not be worshiping you. Adarazadah is not God, but God is my God, who is the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, who is the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, and the Son of God.
24: 7 and Lc֣m Mhoda֗in D֣i Cl-chni֣a and ֠loia Zm֨ri֤a Trֽaia֙ Nt֣ini֔a and F֣lh֔i B֖it Alh֣a Dn֑h Mnd֤h Blo֙ and Hl֔c L֥a Sl֖it Lmrm֥a Alihֽm:
25: 7 and A֣nt Azr֗a Chcm֨t Alh֤c Dֽi-bidc֙ M֣ni Sft֞in and Din֗in Di-lhoֺ֤n * Danin ** Dainin֙ Lcl-amh֙ D֚i Bab֣r Nhr֔h Lcl-ida֖i Dt֣i Alh֑c and D֧i L֦a Id֖a Thodaֽon:
26: 7 and Cl-di-la֩ Lho֨a Ab֜d Dt֣a Dֽi-alh֗c and Dta֙ D֣i Mlc֔a Asf֕rna Din֕h Lho֥a Mtab֖d Mn֑h H֤n Lmot֙ H֣n * that the root ** Lsrs֔i Hn-lan֥s Ncs֖in and Lasorֽin: P.
27: 7 Behold, the Lord is your God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, I am the Lord of the Universe.
28: 7 and Al֣i Hth-h֗sd Lfn֤i Hm֙lc֙ and Iֽoatz֔io and Lcl-sr֥i Hm֖lc Hgbr֑im and An֣i Hthz֗kti Cid-iho֤h Alhi֙ Al֔i and Akbtz֧h Misra֛l Ras֖im Lal֥ot Amֽi: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 8   (36 verses)‬
1: 8 And the chief of the tribe of Israel gave them their fathers, and they became rich, and they rose up with them, even in the midst of the kingdom, and I saw the inheritance of the tribe of the king from Babylon.
2: 8 Of the sons of the children of Phineas, of the tribe of Gershon, where are the children of Simeon, where are the children of the children of Israel?
3: 8 8 The son of Israel, the sheikh of Israel, is the son of the son of Israel; Pharaoh is the one who remembered his memory, and the people of his land, and the land of the land, and the land of the land, and the land thereof.
4: 8 Of the sons of the tribe of Pharisees, Moab, the sons of Zerah, the sons of Zeraih, the son of Zerah, of Hihai, and of Amorah, of Hatham.
5: 8 The children of Shekhnai, the son of Jehaziah, were with him, and with him were they that had taken up the land of the villages of Zechariah.
6: 8 And the sons of the tribe of Idan were the sons of Jonah, and they were with them, and with them they were five hundred, and the Zechurans were not.
7: 8 And the son of the children of the tribe of Elohim said, "My son, O Israel, is a son of the people of Israel, and his people are seven hundred, and this is the memory of the people."
8: 8 And the sons of my tribe, my judges, are my servants, because they are sons of them, and they are with them, and with them are they that have been preserved, and the memory of them is not remembered.
9: 8 Of the sons of the sons of Joab, the servants of the sons of Jehoiah, the sons of Jehoiah, and of Ammonah, of the tribe of Shem, and of Sheman, Esau, of Zahar, of Zechariah.
10: 8 And the son of Solomon, peace be upon him, the son of Joseph the son, and his people, and her father, and the men of the land, they remembered the memory of the children.
11: 8 And the sons of the children, the children of the house, remember me, and the son of his son is with me, and with him are ten thousand, and the name of the land is the memory of the memory of the LORD.
12: 8 And the son of the son of Isaac, the son of the son of the little one, and his people, of the land of Israel, and of the land of the land of Zechariah,
13: 8 And the sons of Adonik, the Adonites, were the last ones, and they were the same, they were not gods, but the people of the tribe of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of the land of Zechariah.
14: 8 And the sons of the children were in the midst of the wrath of the LORD, and of the people of the land, and of the people of the tribe of Zephor.
15: 8 And the children of the tribe of Israel went up to the place of the LORD, and they came to them, and they took their oaths, and they gave them to the people, and the fathers of the people were there, and so were the children, and the sons of the children, so that they may not come to Me.
16: 8 and Aslh֡h Lalia֡zr Laria֡l Lֽ֠smaih and Lalnt֨n and Lir֜ib and Lalnt֧n and Lnt֛n and Lzcri֥h and Lmsl֖m Ras֑im and Lioir֥ib and Lalnt֖n Mbinֽim:
17: 8 * and I will be let ** and Atzo֤h Aotm֙ Al-ad֣o Hr֔as Bcsfi֖a Hmk֑om and Asimh֩ Bfih֨m Dbr֜im L֠dbr Al-ad֨o Ah֤io * Data ** Hntinim֙ Bcsfi֣a Hmk֔om Lhֽbia-l֥no Msrt֖im Lb֥it Alhֽino:
18: 8 And they gave him to us, as the hand of God, and to us, to him, to him, to the Lord, to us, to the children of Israel, to the children of Israel, to the children of Israel, and to the children of Israel.
19: 8 And his thoughts, and his eyes, he hath made me a savior; he is a son; he is rebellious; he is his brother, his children, and their children are nine thousand.
20: 8 And the two men who were married were two men, David, and the eight men, the servants of Labod, the Levites, because they were not married, but now they were nine, and all of them were full, and they were buried in the midst of the wilderness.
21: 8 And he said unto them, It is not a commandment, but the people of the people; but they are not the men; but they are not satisfied; they turn before us, our God, to us, and to the children of Israel, and to the people of Israel, and to them, to us, and to the people of our land.
22: 8 C֣i B֗sti Lsa֤ol Mn-hm֙lc֙ H֣il and Frs֔im Lazr֥no Maoi֖b Bd֑rc Cֽi-am֨rno Lm֜lc Lam֗r Id-alh֤ino Al-cl-mbksio֙ Ltob֔h and Az֣o and Af֔o A֖l Cl-azbֽio:
23: 8 And the sons of the tribe went up, and besought him, from God, and brought us to Zaza, and they came down to us.
24: 8 And Abadleh, the son of the sons of the king, went down to the house of the king, saying, "Behold, I will make a covenant with the people of Israel, and I will bring them together with them, and they will be with them, even with their brethren."
25: 8 * and will consider ** and Askl֣h [y] Lh֔m At-hc֥sf and At-hzh֖b and At-hcl֑im Trom֣t Bit-alh֗ino Hhr֙imo֙ Hm֙lc֙ and Iatz֣io and Sr֔io and Cl-isra֖l Hnmtzaֽim:
26: 8 And he weighed them on the hand of their hands, and they gave them a cup of wine, so that they were twenty-five, and five hundred and fifty, and all the vessels thereof, which were to be cut down, were burned, and there was no corn;
27: 8 And he made a cup of gold, and it was ten thousand, and they went to Edarkon, and they did not go down, and all the rest of them came, and there was no rain, and there was no rain, and there was no rain, and there was no rain.
28: 8 And he said unto them, Behold, ye have not yet been sanctified; for the LORD is the God of them, and the one who has been consumed, is not the one who has lost his life, and the one who has been crucified, and the one who is in love, the LORD is the God of God.
29: 8 Be careful, and keep his promise, and let him be quiet; and let him go before me, that is, the children of Israel, and the sons of Israel, and the Levites, and the men of Israel, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, the children of Israel.
30: 8 And they received the priests, and the Levites, and they that were in the midst of the sword, and that which was in it, and that they were able to give to them, to destroy them, and to them, to the house of God, and to them,
31: 8 and ֽnsa֞h Mnh֣r Aֽho֗a Bsn֤im Asr֙ Lh֣ds Hras֔on Ll֖ct Irosl֑m and Id-alh֙ino֙ Hit֣h Al֔ino and I֨tzil֔no Mc֥f Aoi֛b and Aor֖b Al-hdֽrc:
32: 8 And the sons of Israel came to them, and they rose up to them, and they returned to their place, and they returned to the land of Samaria.
33: 8 and Bi֣om Hrbia֡i Nsk֣l Hcsf֩ and Hzh֨b and Hcl֜im Bb֣it Alh֗ino A֠l Id-mrm֤ot Bn-aֽorih֙ Hch֔n and Am֖o Alaz֣r Bn-fֽinh֑s and Amh֞m Iozb֧d Bn-is֛oa and Nֽoadi֥h Bn-bn֖oi Hloiֽm:
34: 8 In Moses the son of Moses was born in Meshekhel, and he came to the house of the king, and he went to the house of the king.
35: 8 H֠baim Mֽhsb֨i Bnֽi-hgol֜h Hkr֥ibo Al֣ot | Lalh֣i Isra֗l Fr֨im Snim-as֤r Al-cl-isral֙ Ail֣im | Tsa֣im and Ss֗h Cbsim֙ Sba֣im and Sba֔h Tzfir֥i Ht֖at Sn֣im As֑r Hc֖l Aol֥h Lihoֽh: P.
36: 8 And the people of the house, and the people of the house of the LORD, were destroyed; and the people of the house of the LORD were raised up.
‪xxxx  Chapter 9   (15 verses)‬
1: 9 and Ccl֣ot A֗lh Ngs֨o Al֤i Hsrim֙ Lam֔r Lֽa-nbdl֞o Ha֤m Isral֙ and Hchn֣im and Hloi֔m Mam֖i Hartz֑ot C֠toabֽtihm Lcnan֨i Hht֜i Hfrz֣i Hibos֗i Hֽamni֙ Hm֣ab֔i Hmtzr֖i and Hamrֽi:
2: 9 Cֽi-nsa֣o Mbnֽtih֗m Lhm֙ and Lbnih֔m and Htaֽrbo֙ Z֣ra Hk֔ds Bam֖i Hartz֑ot and I֧d Hsr֣im and Hsgn֗im Hֽit֛h Bm֥al Hz֖h Rasonֽh: S.
3: 9 And when I heard the voice of the Lord, I saw that this was cold, and I brought my body to the ground, and I did not know what it was.
4: 9 And he said unto him, Gather up, thou shalt be afraid of the voice of the LORD, saying, O God, I pray thee, I pray thee, I will not go down to the house of the mighty. And I will be with thee, and I will return to the land of the LORD.
5: 9 And in the midst of the midst of the midst of the heart, I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you.
6: 9 And he said, O God, be with me, that I may drink, and I will be consumed, and I will not be afraid of God, but I will face you, and I will not turn to thee; for I will not be with thee, for thou art angry with him, for he is mighty, and the LORD is mighty, and mighty, and mighty, and mighty, and mighty, great;
7: 9 Mim֣i Abt֗ino An֙hno֙ Basm֣h Gdl֔h A֖d Hi֣om Hz֑h and Baoֺnt֡ino Nt֡no Anhno֩ Mlc֨ino Chn֜ino Bi֣d | Mlc֣i Hartz֗ot Bh֜rb Bsb֧i and Bbz֛h and Bb֥st Fn֖im Chi֥om Hzֽh:
8: 9 At֡h Cmat-rga֩ Hit֨h Thn֜h Ma֣t | LORD Alh֗ino Lhsa֥ir L֙no֙ Flit֔h and Ltt-l֥no It֖d Bmk֣om Kds֑o Lha֤ir Ain֙ino֙ Alh֔ino and Ltt֛no Mֽhi֥h Ma֖t Babdtֽno:
9: 9 Cֽi-abd֣im An֔hno and Babd֔tno [C] [C] [c] L֥a Azb֖no Alh֑ino and ֽit-al֣ino H֡sd Lfni֩ Mlc֨i Fr֜s Lֽtt-l֣no Mֽhi֗h Lrom֞m At-b֤it Alh֙ino֙ and Lham֣id At-hrbt֔io and Lֽtt-l֣no Gd֔r Bֽihod֖h and Biroslֽm: S.
10: 9 And when thou hast said, What is the name of our Lord, O our God, do not be afraid of me, because I am afraid of you, for I am afraid of you;
11: 9 As֣r Tzo֗it Bi֨d Abd֣ic Hnbiaim֮ Lamr֒ Ha֗rtz As֨r At֤m Baim֙ Lrst֔h A֤rtz Ndh֙ H֔ia Bnd֖t Am֣i Hartz֑ot Btoabֽtih֗m As֥r Mla֛oh Mf֥h Al-f֖h Btmatֽm:
12: 9 and ֠ath Bֽnotic֞m Al-ttn֣o Lbnih֗m and Bnֽtihm֙ Al-tsa֣o Lbnic֔m and Lֽa-tdrs֧o Slm֛m and Tobt֖m Ad-aol֑m Lm֣an Thzk֗o and Acltm֙ At-t֣ob Ha֔rtz and Horst֥m Lbnic֖m Ad-aolֽm:
13: 9 and Aֽhri֙ Cl-hb֣a Al֔ino Bmas֙ino֙ Hra֔im and Basmt֖no Hgdl֑h C֣i | At֣h Alh֗ino Hs֤ctֽ Lm֙th֙ Mֽaoֺn֔no and Nt֥th L֛no Flit֖h Czֽat:
14: 9 Behold, thou shalt be glad to give up thy commandment, and thou shalt bring it to life, and it shall be in the midst of it, that it loathsome it, that it hath gone astray: behold, thou shalt not reprove it, nor reprove it, even though it is not enough for thee, that thou shalt not keep it, and flatten it.
15: 9 Yahweh, O God, is the Israelites, the people of Tzadik, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel and the people of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 10   (44 verses)‬
1: 10 Chtfl֤l Azra֙ and C֨htodt֔o [1] [C] Bch֙ and Mtnf֔l Lfn֖i B֣it Halh֑im Nkbtzo֩ Al֨io Misra֜l Kh֣l Rb-ma֗d Ans֤im and Nsim֙ and ֽild֔im Cֽi-bc֥o Ha֖m Hrbh-bֽch: S.
2: 10 Ian֩ Scni֨h Bn-ihia֜l Mbn֤i * ** Ailm֙ world and I֣amr Lazr֔a An֙hno֙ Ma֣lno Balh֔ino and N֛sb Ns֥im Ncri֖ot Mam֣i Ha֑rtz and At֛h Is-mko֥h Lisra֖l Al-zֽat:
3:10 And it came to pass, that the house of the sons of Berezit was called to the LORD, that they were all men, and that they were taken away from them, that they were in the midst of the fire, and they were afraid of them, but they were afraid of the commandment of God, and of the law of the people of Israel.
4: 10 And you shall be with me, O LORD, for thy lord, thy God, and for us, and for us, and for us,
5:10 And he rose up, and he rose up, and he returned, and he brought down my servants: the priests, all the men of Israel, and all the people of Israel, to do the same thing as the LORD, that is, and that they returned.
6: 10 I֣km Azr֗a Mlfni֙ B֣it Hֽalh֔im and I֕lc Al-lsc֖t Ihohn֣n Bn-alis֑ib and I֣lc S֗m L֤hm Lֽa-acl֙ and M֣im Lֽa-st֔h C֥i Mtab֖l Al-m֥al Hgolֽh: S.
7: 10 And Abir, the son of Levi, went up in the midst of the children of Judah, and the children of Israel were destroyed, and the children of Israel were not in the house, but the people of Hagolah were returning to the land of Jorusalem.
8: 10 And all the women of the tribe of Levi were brought to the house of the women, the women of the sea, as the young men, the young men, the old men, and the young men, all of them, and all the men of the flock, and the people of the land;
9: 10 Ikbtz֣o Cl-ansֽi-ihodh֩ and Bnim֨n | Irosl֜m Lsl֣st Him֗im H֛oa H֥ds Htsia֖i Basr֣im Bh֑ds and Isb֣o Cl-ha֗m Brhob֙ B֣it Halh֔im Mraid֥im Al-hdb֖r and Mhgsmֽim: P.
10: 10 And he rose up, and he rose up, and said unto them, Behold, thou art saying unto them, Thou hast not lifted them up, yet they have lost their hearts; they have been destroyed; they have not sold themselves; they have been destroyed, and they have been destroyed for their wickedness.
11: 10 And now, behold, thou shalt surely give thanks to God, for God is the God of them, and they are their fathers, and they have done his will, and have given him strength, since he is not, and he is the land, and the men of the women are the ones who are with me.
12: 10 And he said to him, "Go, go, go, go, go, go, say, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go."
13: 10 But I am afraid of them, and they have gone up against them, and this is the time of the people of Israel, and they are not the people of the people, nor the people of Israel, nor of the people of Israel, but of the people of Israel, and of all the nations of the world, not of them, neither of them, neither of them, neither of them, neither of them, neither of them, nor of them, nor of the people of the land.
14: 10 Iֽamdo-n֣a S֠rino Lֽcl-hkh֞l and C֣l | As֣r Bar֗ino Hhs֞ib Ns֤im Ncriot֙ Iba֙ Lat֣im Mzmn֔im and Amh֛m Zkni-a֥ir and A֖ir and Sft֑ih A֠d Lhs֞ib Hr֤on Af-alh֙ino֙ Mm֔no A֖d Ldb֥r Hzֽh: P.
15: 10 Where is your name, Jonah, son of Ben-Asher, son of Levi, and son of Zachai, son of Thakuah, who were standing up for the land of Zu'ath, and they were married to them, and they returned to their land, and they returned to the land.
16: 10 Iֽaso-cn֮ Bn֣i Hgolh֒ and Ibdlo֩ Azr֨a Hch֜n Ans֨im Ras֧i Hab֛ot Lb֥it Abt֖m and Cl֣m Bsm֑ot and Isb֗o Bi֤om Ahd֙ Lh֣ds Hasir֔i Ldri֖os Hdbֽr:
17: 10 And they were in the midst of the men, the men of the tribe, the men of the tribe, and the men of the children of Israel, the sons of the sons of Israel, and the sons of the sons of Israel.
18: 10 And it came to pass, from the son of the sons, that the sons of the sons of Israel were married, and the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel were destroyed, and the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel were destroyed. [C] [c] There is no son of the righteous.
19: 10 And they gave their hands to them, but they gave them their wives: and they were guilty, and they did not commit adultery, even though they were guilty of them.
20: 10 And the son of Ammon, the son of Hanan, and I, and Zabadai,
21: 10 And the sons of the sons of Israel were burned, but they did what they did, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the inhabitants of the land.
22: 10 And the children of the tribe of Peshah, the captain of the tribe of Elijah, said, "What is the word of the LORD?" "The word of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, is the land of the Lord."
23: 10 And when the people of the Levites came to them, Joseph came, and heard them, and said to them, And this is the calamity, and it is the house of the LORD. And the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD.
24: 10 And the people of the Mishar sent to God the captives, and the captives of the captives, and the men of the captives, who were in their midst, and they were circumcised, and they were burned.
25: 10 And from the house of the children of Israel came the son of Pharaoh, who was a man of valor, and a lion of her own, and of her kings, and of them, and of them, and of Azazar, and of Malchai, her son, and of her sons,
26: 10 And the sons of the children, the children of the children of Israel, are the ones who have given birth to them; they are the ones who remember, and they are the servants of the servants, and the servants are servants of the people.
27: 10 And he built a house, and this is the house of the LORD, and the people of the land, and the inhabitants of the land.
28: 10 And the sons of the sons of the children of Israel, Jehohanah, of Hanan, of Zephaniah, of Zeb'ai, of Atelah,
29: 10 And the sons of the children of the children of Israel, of the tribe of Shiloh, are your kings, and my descendants, and the people of the land, and the inhabitants of the land.
30: 10 And the sons of the children of Phaath, the sons of Moab, the sons of Adan, and all the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the inhabitants of Matanai, the sons of Tzalala, and the sons of Zu'i, and Manasseh.
31: 10 And the children of Israel were burned, but they were not gods; they were strangers; they were kings, and they were the ones that made them angry; but they did not listen to them.
32: 10 בניימ֥ןןן [U] מללּ֖וּך ש שׁממררייֽֽה: ס
33: 10 The sons of Heshu, the sons of Hatham, of Mattan, of Mtatha, of Zabah, of Elad, of Elisha, of Elisha, of Jeremias, of Manasseh, of Simeon.
34: 10 A son of a son, a son of a son;
35: 10 My children are in me, and they are in my hands, so are they all.
36: 10 And Nayneh, who is a mighty man, is a ruler of God;
37: 10 And they gave him a gift, and he made them;
38: 10 And son, and build me, hear me;
39: 10 And they came up to me, and they were there, and they were with me, and they were with me.
40: 10 Mknadabh, I am a man, but I am not a man.
41: 10 The children of Azariah and Shelomo kept him safe.
42: 10 And I said unto them, Say, I say unto thee, Joas.
43: 10 A son, a son, a son of his son, a son of a son, a son of a daughter, a son of a son, and a son of his son.
44: 10 All the people of [K] [k] ** The people of the tribe of Noshei, the sons of Nakhri, were killed, and the people of Judah were defeated, and the people of Nihon were defeated.
‪xxxx    End of Ezra (10 chapters, 280 verses).
