‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.45. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Genesis (50 chapters, 1533 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (31 verses)‬
1: 1 In the beginning of the generations was Bara, the God of God, and the name of the LORD was the name of the LORD, and the people of the land.
2: 1 And it was the land that was filled with water: and it came to pass, that it was in the house of the LORD, and that it was not on the face of the face of the LORD, and that the LORD had given it to him, and that he was not afraid of the wind.
3: 1 And the Lord said unto him, Behold, I will come unto thee, and behold, I will be thy God:
4: 1 And God saw that the people were afraid, and that the people of God were afraid, and they were afraid of God, because they were not, and they were reproachful, and they were not in your possession.
5: 1 And he cried unto God, and he said unto him, Lo! Thou shalt not go, and go forth thine hand; and he that cometh unto thee, lo, he hath gone, and he that is, I am a thief, and he that is the son of the wicked.
6: 1 And God said unto them, Behold, thou shalt be the LORD, the daughter of the children of the children of Israel, and the children of the children, and the children of the children of Israel.
7: 1 And God made the LORD, the Lord of the earth, and he gave birth to him, and he did not receive the water, but he did not give it to him, and he gave it to the LORD, and he gave it to the LORD, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him.
8: 1 And Korah came to God, and he was not a man of valor, but he was a man of valor: and he was a great man, and he was a great man.
9: 1 And the Lord said unto him, Behold, the LORD shall be the one, and he shall be the one of them, and he shall be the one who is with him.
10: 1 And he came to the Lord God, and he came to the house of the Lord, and the Lord, the Lord of the World, came to the house of the Lord.
11: 1 And the Lord said unto him, Thou art not the Lord of the earth, but the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
12: 1 And thou shalt bring forth the earth, that is, that he shall return to the land of the earth, and he shall not go down to his right hand; and he shall go down into the wilderness. [C] [p] When his son Zeru'b, his son, his son, and his family, he returned to his right hand, and God saw him, because he was not afraid.
13: 1 And there was a great multitude, and there was a son of the king;
14: 1 And the Lord said unto them, Behold, I will see in the emptiness of the heavens, the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
15: 1 And they were not able to enlighten the LORD in the midst of the heavens, but to cast fire upon the land, and so it was.
16: 1 And God made the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the greatest, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, and the little one, and the little one, that is, to destroy the kingdom of Judah, and to destroy the stars.
17: 1 And you shall bring them to God, and they shall not be destroyed in the emptiness of the heavens, but they shall shine upon the earth.
18: 1 And it is not for the children of the children, but for them, and for the children of Israel, and for the children of Israel, for there is no god but the LORD, and there is none among them, that is, your God, and the LORD is the God of God;
19: 1 And there was a reprobate, and there was a reprobation of it, and they were four hundred.
20: 1 And God said unto him, Behold, thou shalt be satisfied with the life which is in the land of the living creature, and it shall go on, and it shall go on, even upon the earth, upon the face of the earth, the earth of the heavens.
21: 1 and Ibr֣a Alh֔im At-htnin֖m Hgdl֑im and A֣t Cl-n֣fs Hֽhi֣h | Hֽrm֡st Asr֩ Srtz֨o Hm֜im Lmֽinh֗m and A֨t Cl-a֤of Cnf֙ Lmin֔ho and I֥ra Alh֖im Ci-tֽob:
22: 1 And he will bring them to God, and they will not return to him, and they will not be dismayed, and they will multiply, and they will bring the mammoth into the wilderness, and the enemy will be destroyed in the midst of it.
23: 1 And there was a great multitude, and there was a son of the king; and they were five hundred fifty.
24: 1 And God said unto him, Thou shalt not give up the land, but the prey is alive, and it is not in the midst of the sea, but in the midst of it, and it is there, and there is no earth, and there is no earth, and there is no earth.
25: 1 And when God made the living-offering, he gave the land to his right hand, and the bread to him, to his right hand, and to all the people of the land, to his right hand, and to his right hand, and to God, to him, so that he would not be afraid.
26: 1 and I֣amr Alh֔im Nֽas֥h Ad֛m Btzlm֖no Cdmot֑no and Irdo֩ Bdg֨t Hi֜m and Ba֣of Hsm֗im and Bbhmh֙ and Bcl-ha֔rtz and Bcl-hr֖ms Hֽrm֥s ​​Al-haֽrtz:
27: 1 And God created the God, the LORD, the God of the people, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
28: 1 and Ib֣rc Atm֮ Alhim֒ and I֨amr Lh֜m Alh֗im Fr֥o and Rb֛o and Mla֥o At-ha֖rtz and Cbs֑h and Rd֞o Bdg֤t Him֙ and Ba֣of Hsm֔im and Bcl-hi֖h Hֽrm֥st Al-haֽrtz:
29: 1 and I֣amr Alh֗im Hnh֩ Nt֨ti Lc֜m At-cl-a֣sb | Zr֣a Z֗ra Asr֙ Al-fn֣i Cl-ha֔rtz and At-cl-ha֛tz Asr-b֥o Fri-a֖tz Zr֣a Z֑ra Lc֥m Iֽhi֖h Laclֽh:
30: 1 And the king of Israel came to the land of the land of Israel, and all the inhabitants of the land, and the land of the land of Israel, which was his son, and he was not the father of the land, but he was the son of all the inhabitants of the land, and he returned to the food, and it was so that they were so.
31: 1 And the LORD saw all the men of Esau, and he gave them to him, and he gave them bread, and he gave them bread, and there was a grain of wine, and there was a bottle of wine, and the wine was six cubits.
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (25 verses)‬
1: 2 And they made the land of the land, and the land, and all the people of their land.
2: 2 ויכל אהל֙י֙ם ביי֣ו֣ם הששִב֔י֔י מללאככתּת֖ש֖ו אֲש֣֣ר עש עע֑ש֑ת֑ה וישבבּ֙ת֙ת ביי֣ו֣ם הששִב֔י֔י֔ה מככ-מל- מללְְכ֖ת֖ה אֲש֥֥ר֥ש֥ר עש֥ה עששֽה אה אה אשש֥֥ר עשהה אששההה אה אה אששֽהה אה אה אששההה אה אה אששההה אה אה אששההה֥ה אה אששההה אה אה אששההה֥ה אששההה֥ה אה אששההה֥ה אשש֖הה וה אששתההה וה אששת֙ה וה אששת֙ה וה אששת֙ה וה אששת֙ה וה אששת֙ה וה אששתהה וה וייִּש֙֙ת֙ה אששב֙ו֙ת֙ה אששִהוהת֙ה אשש֖הוהת֑ה אשש֖הוהת אה אששהההו אה אששההה אה אה אששהההו אה אשש֖הה וה אששתהה וה אששתהה ות֑ה אששתהתֽת֙ה אשש֖התֽת֙ה אשש֖העהה אששה:ה אה אששההה וה אששהתֽה אששה:ה וה אששההה וה אששה:ה וה אששה:ה וה אששה:ה ו
3: 2 And God will bring you to the house of the Lord of the seven hundred, and he shall be diligent in his presence, for he shall return to him, and he shall return to him, and he shall return to him, and he shall return to his house, so that he may return to the house of God.
4: 2 I will surely give birth to them, and they will return to their land, and they will be destroyed because of them, because they have done what the LORD has done: God is the God of Eden and the name of them.
5: 2 and C֣l | S֣ih Hsd֗h T֚rm Iֽhi֣h Ba֔rtz and Cl-a֥sb Hsd֖h T֣rm Itzm֑h Ci֩ L֨a Hmt֜ir Iho֤h Alhim֙ Al-ha֔rtz and Ad֣m A֔in Lֽab֖d At-hֽadmֽh:
6: 2 And it came to pass, that it was in the midst of the earth, that there was a tree, and a tree, and there was a sea of ​​light.
7: 2 And it came to pass, that the LORD, O God, hath given up the land of the LORD, and the people of the land, the people of the land, the people of the land, the people of Israel, and the people of the land of Israel;
8: 2 And the LORD, God's God, gave birth unto them, and they were not even in the midst of their wickedness: and they made their name, because they were afraid of them, but they were not.
9: 2 And the LORD, the LORD, came to the LORD, and he was not even in the midst of the earth, but all the people of the land were afraid of the sight of them, and they were not afraid of the cattle, nor of the children of the children, but of the children of the children of Haggaih, and of the tribe of Hadath, and of the tribe of Judah, and of Arava.
10: 2 And he said to him, "Behold, I will not go down to the ground, to set fire to the threshing floor, and from there I will be scattered, and it will be the land of Arba'a, the chief of the mighty ones."
11: 2 Their name is Ahad, the brother of Pishash, the priest of the tribe, and they are the ones who have turned away, all the people of the land, and the people of the land, which are the people of their land.
12: 2 And behold, this is the heart of the earth, that is, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
13: 2 And the people of Sanhedrin rose up over the two years, and there arose a voice: behold, it was the sabbath, and all the trees were all the earth.
14: 2 And they, the women of the tribe of Hadash, were afraid of the light of the morning, but the people of the land of Israel came before you, but the people of Israel were burned down, and the people of Nazareth were destroyed, and the people of the land were destroyed.
15: 2 And the LORD, the LORD God, received them, and they brought them to death, and they brought them down in the garden of Eden, to worship it, and to keep it safe.
16: 2 And the commandment of the LORD, God's God, is upon them, but upon them they shall not be put to death: but they shall not be consumed, nor shall the food be consumed.
17: 2 And when the greatness of the LORD came to him, it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, that it was not consumed, and that it was consumed, and that it was not in me, but that I might eat it.
18: 2 And he said, O LORD, the LORD is the God, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord.
19: 2 and Itzr֩ Iho֨h Alh֜im Mn-hֽadm֗h Cl-hi֤t Hsdh֙ and At֙ Cl-a֣of Hsm֔im and Iba֙ Al-h֣ad֔m Lra֖ot Mh-ikra-l֑o and Cl֩ As֨r Ikra-l֧o Hֽad֛m N֥fs Hi֖h H֥oa Smֽo:
20: 2 And he cried out, and they were not, but they were there, and they were all over the house, and they were not in the house of the LORD, nor were they everlasting, but the people of the land, and the children of them, were not in the land of the land, nor were they like their children.
21: 2 And the LORD, the LORD, hath given up the LORD, and he hath turned away from them, and he has been married to them, and he hath taken away his strength, and he hath taken away his strength, and he hath taken away his wealth.
22: 2 And the son of Yahweh, God of God, came to him, and said unto them, The LORD hath given them that which they have given unto them, that they may not be brought into the land, and they shall bring them to the house of the LORD.
23: 2 And he said, The Lord is a man, he is a man; and he is the father of the people, because of the flesh of his flesh. And this is because of the flesh of the flesh, for this is the first thing, and it is cold. Is not it a woman? Why? Why? What is the meaning of the verse? What is this?
24: 2 Therefore, behold, the son of Isaac, the father of his father, his mother, and his father, and his wife, and his wife, were in the midst of their families.
25: 2 And it came to pass, that they were two sons, and they were naked; they were children, and their wives were not, and they were not ashamed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (24 verses)‬
1: 3 And he felt that he was the son of the LORD, and of all the inhabitants of the land, of the land of the land, of Asherah, of the land of Asherah, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD of hosts, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD.
2: 3 And Moses said to him, 'Is not the LORD, I am the God of the people?'
3: 3 And the fruit of the tree was planted, as it was in the thorn of the thorn, when the people of Israel came to the LORD, and they returned to it, and they did not eat it, nor did they eat it, nor did they eat it, nor did they eat it.
4: 3 And he said, "This is the commandment of the Lord, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds."
5: 3 For God is willing, because God is not, for in the day, I will eat you, and I will not eat them, but I will not let them go, and they will be defeated, and I will give them up to you, and they will be destroyed; so shall I ask God: for he is not knowing.
6: 3 and T֣ra Hֽas֡h C֣i Tob֩ Ha֨tz Lmac֜l and C֧i Tֽaoh-h֣oa Lain֗im and Nhm֤d Hatz֙ Lhsc֔il and Tk֥h Mfri֖o and Tac֑l and Tt֧n Gm-lais֛h Am֖h and Iacֽl:
7: 3 And the men of the tribe of Anzah, the sons of Enen, reigned in the name of their two sons, and they came to them, saying, "Surely this is their name, and they are the people of the people, and they are the people of Israel, and the people of Israel are the people of the land, and they are the people of the land."
8: 3 And he heard the voice of the LORD, saying, O LORD, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, and the Son of God.
9: 3 And the LORD came to him, saying, God is a God, and he is not a God; he is a witness to them, and he is saying to him, "Behold, I will come to you."
10: 3 And he said to you, I have made you a voice, that hath made me angry with them, and they have given light to me, so that I may not be afraid of them: for I am not worthy of them, and I am afraid of them.
11: 3 And he said unto him, Behold, thy glory is unto thee, that it may be a city, and that it is the land of thine eyes, that thou mayest be satisfied with it: as I have commanded thee, I will not give thee the bread of the LORD.
12: 3 And the Lord said unto them, Where is the woman, that is, the woman, that is, the wife, the wife, the wife, the wife, the wife, the wife, the wife, the wife, the wife, and the wife?
13: 3 And the Lord said, O LORD, the LORD is the God of Israel, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds.
14: 3 and Iamr֩ Iho֨h Alh֥im | Aֽl-hnhs֮ C֣i As֣it Zat֒ Ar֤or Ath֙ Mcl-hbhm֔h and Mc֖l Hi֣t Hsd֑h Al-ghnc֣ Tl֔c and Af֥r Tac֖l Cl-im֥i Hiֽic:
15: 3 And Abe, the son of Asheth, is not your son, but he is not; he is the son of Esau; he is the son of Zein, the son of Zechariah, the son of Zein, the son of Zerah, the son of Zechariah, the son of Zechariah, the son of Zechariah.
16: 3 And the people of the people, behold, Amor, the LORD is the LORD, Arba, the LORD, the mighty, the mighty, and you, and the sons of the sons of Israel, the children of Israel, and the people of the land of Israel.
17: 3 and Lad֣m Am֗r Cֽi-smat֮ [c] Lk֣ol Astc֒ and T֙acl֙ Mn-ha֔tz As֤r Tzoit֙ic֙ Lam֔r L֥a Tac֖l Mm֑no Aror֤h Hֽadmh֙ Bֽabor֔c Batzbon֙ Tֽacl֔nh C֖l Im֥i Hiֽic:
18: 3 And the children of Zedek, and Zadar, were thirsty, and the children of Israel were with you, and the food was consumed by the inhabitants of the land.
19: 3 In the sweat of your hands, I will not eat; for I will give you bread, and I will give you bread, and I will bring you to the house of the LORD, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
20: 3 And he came to them, and they were with them, but when they were married, they came to him, and they were alive, so that they were not, but they were the same, but they were not all of them.
21: 3 And the LORD, the LORD, made a covenant with them, and they went to their land, and their wives were there, so they went to the house of the LORD, and they took up their land.
22: 3 and I֣amr | LORD Alh֗im H֤n Hֽadm֙ Hih֙ Cah֣d Mm֔no Ld֖at T֣ob and R֑a and At֣h | Fn-isl֣h Id֗o and Lkh֙ G֚m Ma֣tz Hֽhi֔im and Ac֖l and H֥i Lalֽm:
23: 3 And the LORD sent him away: the LORD, the God of God, is there no God, and he is the Lord of the world, the servant of the Lord, the servant of the Lord, the servant of the Lord, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the worlds.
24: 3 And he took the earth away from them, and they dwelt among them, because they were in the midst of the garden, and they were in the house of the cherubim, and the people of the tribe of Hath, the mighty ones, were not in the house of the king, but they were surrounded by the land of the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (26 verses)‬
1: 4 And when they were alone, they brought forth the wife of his wife, and his wife was with him, and he gave birth to him, and he gave birth to the children of the tribe of Israel, and he said to them, "My son, do you not live with him?"
2: 4 And he gave him strength to give birth to his brother, and brought him to Babylon, and there was a great place for him, and there was a great multitude, and there was a great multitude.
3: 4 And behold, there is no one who is hungry;
4: 4 And the people of Gibeah, the sons of Israel, went out of the house of the children of Zephaniah, and of the tribe of Zahleh, and there was none other than Joshua, the LORD, and the LORD, the God of Babylon, and the captain of his tribe.
5: 4 And Elkanah and El-Menhath, his father, is not the time, and he is yet another one, and he is another one, and he is the one, and he is the one, and he is his father.
6: 4 And the Lord said unto him, Behold, there is no god but God: the Lord is the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the Universe.
7: 4 Behold, thou shalt not be worthy, but thou shalt surely be satisfied, and thou shalt not be angry; and thou shalt not be angry with him;
8: 4 And Abraham said to him, "Behold, I will go to the house of his brethren, and I will be in the house of them, and they will be in their fields, and they will be revenged, and they will be brought to the house of their brethren, and they will be afraid of them."
9: 4 And the word of the LORD said unto him, Behold, thou shalt be with me, O thy brother, and thy servant, and he shall say unto him, Lo, thou shalt be my father, and I will come to my house;
10: 4 And he said unto Moses, Do as thou hast done, O Lord of the worlds, I pray thee, O thy brother, Thou shalt not shout;
11: 4 And when she saw her, she saw her, saying, "Surely, I have given birth to you, and I have given birth to you."
12: 4 When thou hast worked, thou shalt not go down: thou art mad; but thou shalt not lift up thy strength: for thy hand hath gone down, and it hath been taken away, that is, that is, behold, it is in the earth.
13: 4 And he said unto them, Cain, come unto the Lord;
14: 4 Behold, I am a stranger, that thou shalt give me life; and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength: and I will turn away from thee, and I will turn away from thee, and I will be with thee, and I will go down to the land, and behold, all things will come to me.
15: 4 And he said unto him, O LORD, behold, so is all the people of the valley, and the seven of them, and the seven of them, and their children, and their wives, and the children of the children of Israel.
16: 4 And it came to pass, that the people of Israel went out from the midst of Me, but the LORD was there, and he that dwelt in the midst of the land of Israel went forward before them.
17: 4 And it came to pass, that Cain had married his wife, and he had given him up, and he had given birth to the son of Hanun, and he had given birth to him, and he had become jealous of him, and he had read them, that they had done evil in their own way,
18: 4 And the sons of Israel came to the land of Israel, and the city of Judah, and Judah, and Judah, and the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel.
19: 4 And he said to him, "Surely, the Lord is your God, and your Lord is the one who has given birth to them; they are the people of the people, the people of the land, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel and the people of Israel."
20: 4 And the children of Adon slew the son of Abba, and he saw him, saying, "Behold, I am the father of the people, and I will return to them, and I will be able to buy them."
21: 4 And when they were with him, they came to him, saying, "Behold, there is no god but God." He said, "Do not be angry with me, for all of you are like a bird, and you shall be angry."
22: 4 And it came to pass, that it was so great, that it was born, that it had been given to him, and that it had been given to him, that he had given it to him, and that he had given it to him, and that he had given it to him, and that he had given it to him, and that he had given it to him, and that he had given it to him.
23: 4 And he said to him, Let your people be there for a long time; and the people of Israel are the ones who have been silent. The voice of the people is a woman. Why are you so ashamed? Why are you saying that I am not a man? I am afraid of you, and I am afraid of you, and I am afraid of you, and I am afraid of you.
24: 4 And when the seven of them were lifted up, they were brought up, and they were with you, and the seven of you were satisfied, and they were satisfied.
25: 4 And when they knew that they were still young, they took up their wives, and gave them birth, and they rose up, and brought the name of the LORD to them, so that it came to pass, that the LORD had given birth to the LORD, and that God had given him up to him, and that he had given birth to him.
26: 4 And there was also a whole day, and the children of Bazan rose up, and called up the name of the LORD, saying, "Behold, I am afraid!" This is the truth, and this is what is called in the name of the Lord.
‪xxxx  Chapter 5   (32 verses)‬
1: 5 And he said unto them, Thou shalt be born; but they are not in me, but they are in the house of God, but God is in them, and they are in the midst of the earth, and God is the God of all things.
2: 5 And he remembered, and he dwelt in the sight of them, and he brought them to them; and he called them the heavens, but they were still in their midst, and they rebelled against them.
3: 5 And behold, it is not yet, but the people of Israel have come to him, and they have given birth to him, and he has been born in the blood of his people, as though he is his son, and he is worthy of his name;
4: 5 And he said unto me, Behold, the days of the LORD are upon them, and after the generations of the children of Holod, I have given up the name of Shemonah, because of the generations of her, and the children of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel.
5: 5 And behold, there is no man;
6: 5 And they lived five hundred years old, and two hundred years were gone, and what time was it, that it was, and that they were born to the Jews?
7: 5 And it came to pass, that the life of the wife came to pass, that the son of Israel was born, and that the people of Israel were destroyed, and that the people of Israel had been destroyed, and that they had been destroyed, and that they had not given up their wives, and that they had been born, and they were born, and they were born.
8: 5 And it came to pass, that all the men of the tribe of Seth were ten, and that it was nine hundred years, and it was six hundred years old, and the hundred years thereof were fifty years.
9: 5 And it came to pass, that it was a sin, and that it was nine, that it was there, and that it was the children of the tribe of Kenan.
10: 5 And there was a man, and he was afraid; and he was afraid of him; he was born to him, and he was there. 17 And he was nine years old, and he was nine years old; and Shemon was a hundred years old; and he was a son of the children of Israel, and the sons of Judah were sons and sons.
11: 5 And it came to pass, that they were all of them, that they were not, and that they were destroyed, and that they were burned, and that they were burned, and that they were consumed.
12: 5 And there was a vengeance, and there was a seven thousand, seven hundred, and a half, and they were the children of the house.
13: 5 And Jehoiah was jealous of them, after he had given birth to him, that he had given birth to him, that he had given birth to him, and that he had given up seven hundred shekels, and that he had given up his inheritance, and that he had given birth to him, and that they were born, and they were born, and they were born.
14: 5 And they were with me, all of them; and they were jealous; they were two hundred years old, and they were three hundred years old, and they were many hundred years old.
15: 5 And it came to pass, that is, that it was written unto the LORD, that it was written in the name of the LORD, and that it was not in the name of the LORD.
16: 5 וֽיּֽח֣י֣י מֽהֲלללאא֗ל אלֽהַלאא֗ל אלֽהֽהלל֙י֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙֙֙ א א א א א א א א א א א א א ָ֙֙֙ ש ש ש ש ש ש ש ש ש ש ש ש ש ש ש ש ש ש ש ש ש ש ש ש ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו֥֥ ו ו ו ו ו֥֥֥ ו ו ו ו֥֥֥֥ ו֥֥֥֥.
17: 5 And they were all the children of the tribe of Mahalath, which was five hundred years old, and that was nine hundred years old, and the fifth day of the year was forty years.
18: 5 And there was a living, and there was a sixth day, and six hundred years were numbered, and what was the age of it, and it came to pass, that the children of Hanan were destroyed?
19: 5 And the LORD liveth unto the LORD, and he is the son of the king, and he is the son of the king, and he is the son of the king, and of the children of Judah, and of the children of Israel.
20: 5 And it came to pass, that all the children of the tribe of Simeon were six hundred, and that it was six hundred years, and it was six hundred years old, and the hundred years of it were forty years old.
21: 5 And it came to pass, that it was a camp, and it was a fifth day, and it was six hundred years, and it was there, and it came to pass, that they slew the dead.
22: 5 And thou shalt be gracious unto the LORD; and God shall not be afraid: for he is not a stranger, but he is a son of the children of Israel, and he hath taken him away from the land of the land of Israel, and he hath not taken his wife's wife, and they have been born to him, and they have been born captive.
23: 5 And there was a house of all the children of Hanan, five hundred years old, and six hundred years of age, and six hundred years of age.
24: 5 And ye shall be gracious unto the children of God: for God is not, and they are not, because they are no more than God;
25: 5 And there was a dead man, who was sick, and that was lost, and that was not his name, and what was it that she brought, and that she gave birth to thy mother?
26: 5 And he said, "Behold, I am the one who is married to the king, and he is the son of Israel, and he is the son of the sons of Israel, and they are the sons of Israel."
27: 5 And they were all the children of the tribe of Meshoth, and they were nine hundred and sixty, and six hundred years of age, and six hundred years of age, and two hundred years.
28: 5 And it came to pass, that I may live in thy name, that it was six days, and that it was there that she had died, and that she was not there, and that they were there, and they were born there.
29: 5 And he took the name of Shem, the son of Nehemiah, the son of Amor, Zechariah, of Nehemiah, of Zechariah, of Mezah, of Nehemiah, of Mezav, of Nehemiah, of Nehemiah, of Nehemiah, of Adonai, of Adon.
30: 5 And it came to pass, that I may live unto thee, that I might go after the house of the sons of Judah, and that they were nine hundred years old, and they were nine hundred years old, and they were five hundred years old, and they were born, and they were born, and they were born, and they were born.
31: 5 And I will be all the children of your tribe, that is seven hundred and seven, and that she will return to her, and she shall return to her, and she shall return to her.
32: 5 And it came to pass, that there was a son of Ahimeh, who was afraid of the children of Israel, and that they were the children of Noah, and they brought them together with them, and brought them to the house.
‪xxxx  Chapter 6   (22 verses)‬
1: 6 And I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
2: 6 And the sons of the Lord God saw that the sons of the children of Israel were in their midst, because they were not good, but they came to them, and took their food to them, so that they were consumed, so that the people of Israel were destroyed.
3: 6 And the Lord said, O LORD, I am not a man, but a spirit of spirit, but a man, a man, and a man of their own flesh, when they were hungry, they were ashamed of him, and his eyes were filled with water, and they were filled with water, and they were filled with food.
4: 6 Hnfl֞im Hi֣o Bartz֮ Bim֣im Hhm֒ and G֣m Aֽhri-c֗n As֨r Ib֜ao Bn֤i Hֽalhim֙ Al-bn֣ot Hֽad֔m and Ild֖o Lh֑m H֧mh Hgbr֛im As֥r Maol֖m Ans֥i Hsֽm: P.
5: 6 And the LORD saw it, because it was so great, that it was evil, that the people were in the midst of the earth, and all the children of Mechashvah were there, and the LORD was with him, so that he could see all the things that were with them.
6: 6 And Jehoah the son of Jehoiah died, because the people of Esau did not see the people, but they came to the land, and they turned to him for his heart.
7: 6 and I֣amr Iho֗h Amh֨h At-had֤m Asr-br֙ati֙ Mal֙ Fn֣i Hֽadm֔h Mֽadm֙ Ad-bhm֔h Ad-r֖ms and Ad-a֣of Hsm֑im C֥i Nh֖mti C֥i Asitֽm:
6: 6 And the son of David came out of the house of the king, and they were in the midst of the eyes of the LORD.
9: 6 Is this a child, that is, a son of a son, a son of a son, and a child of the children of the children of Thy?
10: 6 And the sons of Nalud, the son of Shilash, reigned in the midst of them: they brought their horses together, and they brought them to the house.
11: 6 And when the land was ready, before me, God turned to him, and he turned away, and he was not in the way of Hamam.
12: 6 And God saw the men of the land, and the people of the land destroyed it, so that all the people of the land were destroyed, and all the children of the land were destroyed.
13: 6 And God said unto him, All the sons of Israel shall be blessed, all the flesh of the flesh, and they shall be full of light; for they are full of bread, and they are the bread of their bread, and their bread is their bread, and they are the meat of their fruit.
14: 6 I will make it for thee, that thou shalt give up the vessels of the threshing-floor, that ye may make the thorn of the thorn, and that thou shalt bring up the seed of the house, and the meat thereof in the furnace.
15: 6 And this is what I have done, that I have done, that I have given you, that I have given up the wages of the mother, but I have not seen you, the daughter of the daughter of Hamba, for five hundred years have passed, and I have not seen her, nor have I ever seen her.
16: 6 צ֣ה֣ר |ר |ת֗הֲה֣ה֣ה לה לתת֗ב֗ה֗ה ולל-אּמ֙ה֙ה֙ת֗ה וה֣ה אַמ֙ה֙ה֙ת֗ה וה֣ה֣ה אַמָּּה֙ה֙ת֙הָהה֣ה֣ה֣ה [ה [ה אשלממ֣ה [ה [ה:ה:ה ולּל-אמ֖א֙ה֙ה֙ה [ה אשל֣מ֣ה [ה [ה:ה אשלממּ֣ה:ה [ה [ה בה בה אשלצמּֽה֣הּה בה לתתבּבָהּה בה אשבצּהּה תה תה לתתבבּ֖ה בה אשתֽבּ֥הּה תה לתתבּבָהּה אשתּֽה֣הּה לתתבבּ֖ה אשתּֽה:ה אשתבשָּה:ה אשתבּה:ה:ה אשתּֽה:ה:ה אשתּֽה:ה:ה:ה אשמּ֑ה:ה:ה אשתּֽה:ה:ה:ה אשתּֽה:ה:ה:ה אשתּֽה:ה:ה:ה אשתּֽה:ה:ה:ה אשלצמֽה:ה:ה:ה:ה אשמּ֑ה:ה:ה:ה אשתּֽה:ה:ה:ה אששּֽה:ה:ה:ה אששּֽה:ה:ה:ה אששּֽה:ה:
17: 6 And I said, Behold, I will not bring the cubs to the ground, to destroy all things that are in the house, but they shall be filled with bread, and they shall be filled with bread, and there shall be no bread, but it shall be filled with water.
18: 6 Behold, you have taken the covenant with him, and you have come to the house of the LORD, and you have received it, and your son is your son, and your wife is your son, and your son-in-law is your son-in-law.
19: 6 And the whole of the living, of the midst of the flesh, of the furnace of the sabbath, of the house of the thorn, thou shalt prepare unto the living, that thou mayest be gracious unto him, and he that cometh unto him,
20: 6 From Meahoof, to Meinah, and from Haman, the Behemah, to Meinah, from Mechal, to Rihmah, from Adham, to Admonah, to Meinah, from Shemunah, from Shemkath, from Yavo, and from Yavneh to you, to Ahijah,
21: 6 And thou shalt take thy hand, thou shalt eat all the food, and eat it: thou shalt not be consumed; and thou shalt give up thy bread, and thy bread, and thy bread, and thy bread, and thy bread;
22: 6 And it came to pass, that I made a noise, that I had given up the commandment of the LORD;
‪xxxx  Chapter 7   (24 verses)‬
1: 7 And the word of the LORD said unto Jonah, Behold, thou art not with me, and all thy house goeth unto thy daughter, for when I am with thee, thou shalt see me, and I will go to the side of thee, and the children of the children of this land.
2: 7 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not take thy wife: thou shalt not be satisfied, but thou shalt not be satisfied, and thou shalt be satisfied with him, and the money of the father: but he that is rich is not vain;
3: 7 G-d is the one who does not know the name of the Lord, and the sixth is the seventh, and the seventh is the seventh, and he is the one who remembers, and is the one who lives.
4: 7 Ci֩ Lim֨im A֜od Sba֗h Aֽnci֙ Mmt֣ir Al-ha֔rtz Arba֣im I֔om and Arba֖im L֑ilh and Mh֗iti Aֽt-cl-hikom֙ As֣r As֔iti Ma֖l Fn֥i Hֽadmֽh:
5: 7 And it came to pass, that he made the house of the king, which the LORD commanded him, which he commanded.
6: 7 And the son of Simeon was ashamed of her, because she was with her, and her father was with him, and she was with her.
7: 7 And his sons came, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons, and his sons, brought him to his house, and brought him to the house of the king.
8: 7 Wherefore is the commandment of the LORD, and of the people of the land, that is, that I am not a man, but the people of the land, and the people of the land, and that which is upon the land of the land,
9: 7 The second day was a day, when the people of the house came to the house, and it was built, and it rose up, and it rose up, as it was, as the wife of the captain of the tribe of Elijah saw.
10: 7 And they went to the seventh gate, and the day came, and they came to the house, and the house of the people was there.
11: 7 Bsn֨t Ss-ma֤ot Snh֙ Lhii-n֔h Bh֙ds֙ Hsn֔i Bsbaֽh-as֥r I֖om Lh֑ds Bi֣om Hz֗h Nbkao֙ Cֽl-maint֙ Th֣om Rb֔h and Arb֥t Hsm֖im Nftֽho:
12: 7 And behold, the people of Haggath were against the land of Arba'a, and they were not, and they were four hundred and thirty, and they were not.
13: 7 In the midst of the midst of this day, this is the time of the sons of Noah, and the wives of Noah, and of the wives of the women of the sons of Israel, who have been with them for a long time.
14: 7 Behold, all this, and all the living things, to the right hand, and all the beast, to the right hand, and to all the mountains, and to all the land, to his right hand, and to all the waves, to his right hand, all the horns, and all the wings.
15: 7 And they came to me, to the son of Noah, to the father of the tribe, that was two years old, and that they were not of all the flesh, but that the people of the land were alive, and they were alive.
16: 7 And the father came, and he remembered, and dwelt among them: all the flesh of the flesh was in him: behold, he was a man, and he was a man of valor: and he commanded him: and he said unto him, Behold, God is the LORD, and he is not angry with the LORD, but he is his servant.
17: 7 And the sons of the tribe of the tribe of Arba'am came to them; and they were oppressed by the land, and they multiplied, and they took away the land, and carried the tabernacle, and they rose up from the midst of the land.
18: 7 And Gebruh his father, and he raised up his anger against the land, and he turned thee on to the face of the land.
19: 7 And the mother of the sons of Gilboa died, and he came out of the house of the children of the land, and covered all the mountains with them, and the threshing-floor was with them, which was as it was, that all the trees were destroyed.
20: 7 And the tenth day of the twentieth century was a year, when the people of Gilboa died, and the people of the land were destroyed, and they were covered up, and they were destroyed.
21: 7 And G-d caused all the people of the land to go astray; and the heart of the heart was gone, and the people of the house were with them, and the king of the sheep was in the midst of the threshing floor, and the thorns of the threshing-floor were cut off.
22: 7 And as for him that hath not taken charge, he hath given life unto him, that he hath given him bread, and that he hath given it to him;
23: 7 and I֜mh Aֽt-cl-hik֣om | As֣r | Al-fn֣i Hֽadm֗h Mad֤m Ad-bhmh֙ Ad-r֙ms֙ and Ad-a֣of Hsm֔im and Imh֖o Mn-ha֑rtz and Is֧ar [1] Ac-n֛h and ֽas֥r At֖o Btbֽh:
24: 7 And the men came up to them, and they came to the land of the land five and five times, and from there they came.
‪xxxx  Chapter 8   (22 verses)‬
1: 8 And Zerachar the God of Nathonath took up all the things of the LORD, and gave him all the heart, which he had given him, and that he had given him to him, and he went to the house of God, and the LORD went out to the land of the land, and they took the land of the land.
2: 8 And they remembered that they were evil, and that they were not worthy of them, and that they were numbered among them. And all the men came to the house of the LORD from heaven.
3: 8 And they took the water away from the water, and the water was there, and there was no heat, and the heat was low, and the heat of the heat was low, and the heat of the heat was five cubits.
4: 8 And it came to pass, that the tabernacle was in the seventh day of the seventh day, in the seventh day of the seventh month, that I might go down to the land of the mountains, that I might see it.
5: 8 And the men were, and they were not, and they were ashamed of them, and the people of the land, and the people of the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, and the mountains.
6: 8 And behold, there was a great multitude of four hundred men. And the men of the tribe of Naphtam, the sons of Nehemiah, the captain of the tribe of Asaph.
7: 8 And he took the commandment of the LORD, and gave it to him, and he came out, and there was a sixth day, and he was still in the midst of the house of the LORD, which was not from the midst of the earth.
8: 8 And he took the Jonah away from him, and saw him, and he saw him, and he took him away from him, and he turned away from him, and he turned away from him.
9: 8 and Lֽa-mtzah֩ Hion֨h Mn֜oh Lcf-rgl֗h and T֤sb Alio֙ Al-htb֔h Ci-m֖im Al-fn֣i Cl-ha֑rtz and Isl֤h Ido֙ and Ikh֔h and Ib֥a At֛h Al֖io Al-htbֽh:
10: 8 And it came to pass, that it was seven o'clock, and another day, another day, and the sword was the one that brought the son of Jonah away from the tabernacle.
11: 8 And it came to pass, that the people of Hinnah were not with him, because they were angry with him, and they were against her, so that she might turn away from her in her mouth, and that she might be afraid of them, because the children of the children were afraid of them, because they were afraid of the children.
12: 8 And it came to pass, that it was seven days, and another day, after another, and he sent away the hand-offering, and it came to pass, and he continued not to return.
13: 8 and ֽ֠ihi Bah֨t and Ss-ma֜ot Sn֗h Bֽrason֙ Bah֣d Lh֔ds Hֽrb֥o Hm֖im Ma֣l Ha֑rtz and I֤sr N֙h֙ At-mcs֣h Htb֔h and I֕ra and Hn֥h Hֽrb֖o Fn֥i Hֽadmֽh:
14: 8 And behold, the three of them were seven, seven hundred, and ten, and they were numbered: the bread was the bread of the lamb;
15: 8 And God spoke to God, saying unto him, Let us not be afraid;
16: 8 And thou shalt not be afraid of the tabernacle: thou art thy wife, and thy son, and thy son, and thy son-in-law, your son-in-law, thou art with thee.
17: 8 Cl-hhi֨h Asֽr-atc֜ Mcl-bs֗r Ba֧of and Bbhm֛h and Bcl-hr֛ms Hrm֥s Al-ha֖rtz * Remove ** Hitz֣a At֑c and Sֽrtz֣o Ba֔rtz and Fr֥o and Rb֖o Al-haֽrtz:
18: 8 And his son, his son, and his wife, and his wife, were married; and the sons of the children of his sons were destroyed;
19: 8 All the men of Israel, all the men of the world, were all over the world, and all the people of the land went up against the land of Israel, because they were destroyed, and they came out of it, because of their kindness.
20: 8 And Laban the son of Nebuch, the son of Zephath, the son of Laban, the son of Zechariah, and Jehadah, of Kohath, of Hatham, of Hebron, of Hathor, of Hebron, and of all the inhabitants of Hebron, and of the tribe of Zechariah, and of Zebul,
21: 8 and I֣rh Ihoh֮ At-r֣ih Hnihh֒ and I֨amr Iho֜h Al-lb֗o Lֽa-a֠sf Lkl֨l A֤od At-hֽadmh֙ Bab֣or Hֽad֔m C֠i I֣tzr L֧b Had֛m R֖a Mnar֑io and Lֽa-as֥f A֛od Lhc֥ot At-cl-h֖i Cֽas֥r Asֽiti:
22: 8 And all the people of the land were thirsty: and the children of the flock were cut off, and their flesh was cut off, and their flesh was cut off, and the fire was broken, and their bodies were burned, and they were not coming; they were not returned to their tents.
‪xxxx  Chapter 9   (29 verses)‬
1: 9 And God blessed his sons, and his sons, and he said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and fill the land with the earth.
2: 9 and Morac֤m and Htcm֙ Iֽhi֔h A֚l Cl-hi֣t Ha֔rtz and A֖l Cl-a֣of Hsm֑im Bcl֩ As֨r Trm֧s Hֽadm֛h and ֽbcl-dg֥i Hi֖m Bidc֥m Ntֽno:
3: 9 All of the people of the land of Israel were destroyed, and the people of the land were destroyed, and the people of the land returned to the land of Israel.
4: 9 But thou shalt not be ashamed of his soul;
5: 9 And I will bring you to the house of David, and I will destroy you, and I will destroy all my life, and I will go down to you, and I will be with you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
6: 9 He that shedeth the light of their blood, they are the people, because they are still in their midst, but they are still in their midst, and they will bring you out, because they are in the house of God, but they have not made the people afraid of them.
7: 9 And ye shall be fruitful, and multiply, and be strong in the land, and multiply in the midst of it.
8: 9 And the LORD said unto him, Lo, the son of David, and unto his son, thou shalt surely bring him forth unto him.
9: 9 And I said, Behold, I will bring you to the house of Berith, but I will give them to you, and I will bring them to you, and I will bring them to you.
10: 9 And all the souls of the souls of the LORD were with him, and the people of Israel were with you, and they were not in the house of the LORD, and they were in the midst of the living, and the land was with you, and all the people were there, and the people of the tribe of Israel came to live in the midst of the living of the land.
11: 9 And you shall bring me forth my righteousness, and I will give you strength; and I will not be ashamed of you, nor shall I be ashamed of all the children of the land, neither shall I be afraid of them, neither shall I be afraid of them, nor shall I be afraid of them, but of the land of the land.
12: 9 And God said unto them, Behold, I have given up the commandments of the covenant, but I have given them to them, and I will give them to them, and I will be with them, and they will not be destroyed.
13: 9 Thou shalt not be satisfied with me; and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
14: 9 And it came to pass, that they were in the midst of the land, and they saw the thorns of the land of the land of Canaan.
15: 9 And remember, I remembered the covenant of the LORD, and I remembered that I was not in the midst of all this, but all the people of the world were alive, and in the midst of the wilderness, and there was no fear of the people, neither of them, nor of them, nor of them, nor of them, nor of them, nor of them.
16: 9 And the women of the tribe of Ba'ath, and the women of the tribe of Zechariah, saw it, and they saw it, and they returned to their land, because they were not gods, and among them were all the souls of the living, and the land of Israel was in the midst of the wilderness.
17: 9 And God said unto him, Come unto me, I will not be afraid; but I will bring forth the commandments of the covenant, but I will not be with thee; for I am not with you, but with me, I will not be ashamed of all the children of the wicked.
18: 9 And the sons of Nahu, the sons of Nun, were there, and they were thirsty, because of their kindness, because their name was theirs, and their bread, and their bread, and their bread, they were not.
19: 9 The wife of the sons of Nahu, the son of Nehama, came to her, and she came to her, and she gave her all the land.
20: 9 And he came to the house of Nehemiah, because he was a man, and he was a man of his own, and he went into the wilderness.
21: 9 And he took the wine out of the house, and lay down, and begged Beth, the daughter of Aaron,
22: 9 And they were afraid, but they were not like me, but they were like the children of Arau, but his father was his father, and he was glorified for his two sons, and his brothers were in their midst.
23: 9 and Ikh֩ S֨m and I֜ft At-hsml֗h and Is֙imo֙ Al-sc֣m Snih֔m and Iֽlco֙ Ah֣rn֔it and Ics֕o A֖t Aro֣t Abih֑m and Fnihm֙ Ah֣rn֔it and Aro֥t Abih֖m L֥a Raֽo:
24: 9 And Jacob, the son of Nehemiah, was appointed to him, and he knew the things which he had done to his son, because he was the youngest of them.
25: 9 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt be angry with me; for the servants are stubborn; they are not; they are the ones that are worthy of their brethren.
26: 9 And he said, "Behold, the Lord is your God, and God is his God, and they are their people, and they are like the sons of Canaan, so that they may return to their homes."
27: 9 And God's anger came upon them, and the people of the tribe of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land, came to them, and went to their tents, and they were like the children of Israel, so that they might return to their land.
28: 9 And Yahweh, the son of Ahadar, the son of the king, the son of Saul, who was with him, came to the house of Simeon, and went back to the city of Samaria.
29: 9 And it came to pass, that it was all the days of the people, that it was a hundred years;
‪xxxx  Chapter 10   (32 verses)‬
1: 10 And the children of the sons of Nun, the sons of Nehemiah, were married to them, and their families were destroyed, and the children were born, and they were born to them, because they were sons, and they were not the sons of the children.
2: 10 Son of the son of Joseph, the daughter of Gatham, and of Magog, and of Mead, and of them, and of them, and of the inheritance of them, and of your inheritance, and of Tiras,
3: 10 And the children of Goszem said, I will give you strength, and I will not let you go, and I will come to you.
4: 10 And the sons of Joan, the wife of Elias, the wife of Leah, and Reshash, the wife of Seth, the daughter of Nathan, and the children of Eden.
5: 10 What is the meaning of these words that have been broken up? Are not the rulers of the earth in their land, but there is a sword to his tongue, and to his law, and to them in their glory.
6: 10 And the children of Haham, the children of Israel, and the Egyptians, and the Pharotites, and the Canaanites.
7: 10 And the children of the tribe of Asa, the tribe of Zechariah, and the tribe of Zechariah, and Rahamah, and Thabtach, and Benna, the children of Ramah, who were captives, and David, were there.
8: 10 And the children of the tribe of Nimrod rebelled against him, saying, "Behold, I pray thee, and I will return to you, and I will return to you in the land."
9: 10 And behold, behold, the LORD was with me, and he went down before the LORD, and he said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Behold, thou shalt go down before the LORD;
10: 10 And the chief of the children of the tribe of Malchatho was in mourning, and he went on and on, and they clung to her in the land of Senaar.
11: 10 Wherefore is this man, that is, the son of Asher, that is, the son of Abraham, and the son of Benjamin, and of Rahbath, of Azir, and of Kahlon?
12: 10 And Jeroboam, the son of Benjamin, was not in the house, but there was no god but the LORD. He was the LORD, the mighty, the mighty, the Lord.
13: 10 And Mizoram begat the children of the children, and the children of Anam, and the Levites, and Nephthah, and Naham.
14: 10 And thou shalt bring the people of the house, and the tabernacle thereof: for it is as though the people of the land of Israel have gone astray, because they have not plowed the land, nor the people of the land;
15: 10 And the sons of Israel went up to Tire, and there they were, in the midst of their captivity, and of their families.
16: 10 And the Jebusites, and the Amorites, and the Haggashites.
17: 10 And the bread of the wine, and the bread, and the wine, and the wine.
18: 10 And the children of Arad, and Zacharam, and Jehoiatham, and Nahar, and Nephthoam, and Shapiro, and the Canaanites;
19: 10 And behold, it is the day of the Lord, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
20: 10 But the children of their families, according to their families, have given them bread, and they have kept them in their land, and they have been in their villages.
21: 10 And for their sakes, even the children of the children of Israel were brought up, because of all the children of the tribe of Gadol.
22: 10 The children of the children of Simeon, the children of Eilam, and Asher, the son of Shapiro, and Arpachshad, the sons of David, and the children of Ararham.
23: 10 And, behold, I saw them, and I saw them, and I saw them;
24: 10 And Arpach, the son of David, rebelled against him, and he took over the land, and destroyed it.
25: 10 And the sons of the sons of the tribe of Shesh, the sons of the children of the tribe of Simeon, reigned in the midst of their days, and the children of Israel were destroyed, because they were in their days, and the people of the land were scattered, and their land was destroyed.
26: 10 And he took up his hand, and he brought down the palm tree, and the scepter, and the wall, and the sea, and the wind.
27: 10 And the oxen, and Ouzhel, and Dekel, her son.
28: 10 And Abul, and Abimea the son, and Shiloh the son.
29: 10 And Ephfer, and Hilel, and Joab, all of them, son of Benjamin, and Jethro.
30: 10 וֽיהי֥י מו מששבש֖ב֖הם מממשש֑֑א֑א באכא֥כ֥ה ס֖פ֖ר֥ה ה֥ר הַקּֽדםם:
31: 10 But their sons, because of their families, have given them up to sleep in their land, but they have not returned to their land.
32: 10 I have brought you up from the house of the children of Nunah, because they were born to them, because they were in their midst, and they have gone away from them, and their generations have been destroyed in the land of Aharamar, the Temple of the Temple.
‪xxxx  Chapter 11   (32 verses)‬
1: 11 And behold, there was none of the people in the land of Israel, but they were brethren, and they were numbered, and there was no one else.
2: 11 And behold, there was a miracle in the land of Israel, and it was not in the wilderness, but in the midst of the land of Senaar, and it was there that they returned to the land of Judah.
And he said unto him, Behold, there is no man, but the evil of him, the son of the LORD, the son of the LORD, the son of the sons of Israel, and the son of Shapiro, the son of Shapiro, and the sons of Shapira, and the sons of Laban, the sons of Laban, the son of Laban, and the son of David, the son of Yahweh;
4:11 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt give light unto the mighty, and magnify him, and go down to him in the midst of them; and they shall do it to them, that they may be the children of the tribe of Nephath, before all the children of the land.
5:11 And the LORD, the LORD, saw it, seeing the light of the light, and the shield, and the light of the light, and the light of the children, because they were sons.
6:11 And the word of the LORD said unto them, Behold, there is no one but them, and the people, and the people, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
7: 11 And the children of the tribe of Nebuchadneh, and Nabalah, whose name is the name of the tribe, but they were not married, but they were not married, nor did they hear anything.
8:11 And the children of the LORD, the children of the children of Israel, were with them, and they were in the midst of the land, and all the children were there.
9:11 Therefore, when they were cold, their name was not in the oven, because their name was in the mouth of the LORD, the LORD, and all the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, the LORD, the LORD, and all the people of the land.
10: 11 But, behold, thou shalt bare the name of their children, because they are sons of the mother of the women, and they have given birth to them, and they have given birth to the arpeches, and the children of the children of Israel have been destroyed.
11: 11 And it was the life of their children, that they were not the people of the house, but the children of the tribe of Arpachshad, of Hesham, of Maalot, of Shesh, and of the sons of Nun, and of Benoit.
12: 11 And Arpach, the son of Hidai, was hot with bread, and the sixth time was ripe, and he gave birth to Saul.
13: 11 And he said unto him, Arpeth the son of David, I am the son of the king, the son of the king, and of the tribe of Simeon, of whom there were two saints, and many of them, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel.
14: 11 And it came to pass, that it was three hundred years ago, that it had been destroyed, and that it had been taken away by the LORD.
15: 11 And the LORD liveth unto him, and after another, he is born, and he hath taken away the land of the tribe of Shesh, and he hath multiplied, and hath multiplied the generations of his children, and the children of the children of Israel have been born, and the children of the children of Israel.
16: 11 And the LORD liveth unto Abram, and he is three hundred years old, and he is the son of David.
17:11 And the LORD liveth after another, and the son of David begat the king of the tribe of Sosheth, that is, that he hath gone down, and hath multiplied, because of the generations of her children, and of the children of the children, and of the children of the children.
18:11 And Vaihim-Pégaleg was three hundred years old, and he was the one who gave birth to his wife.
19: 11 And the living of the children of the children of Israel came to an end, and the children of the tribe of Arba, the inhabitants of the tribe of Simeon, were destroyed, and they were there, because they had been destroyed, and the children of Judah were born,
20: 11 And they were evil, and they were three hundred, and three hundred years, and they were the children of Sarah.
21: 11 And the LORD reigned after him; and he was born, and he brought the flesh of the children of the tribe of Sodom, and they returned to them, and they came to them, and they were there, and they were born to them, and they rebelled against them, and they rebelled against them.
22: 11 And he lived, and the three of them were three hundred years old, and he gave birth to Noah.
23: 11 And he went back to the house of the king, and came again after that, and he gave birth to Noah, and he rose up from there, but now he was there, and the children of Judah were born, and the sons of the children were raised.
24: 11 And Noah was awake, and he was nine years old, and he was nine years old, and he gave birth to the daughter of the LORD.
25: 11 And Noah was restless, after he was born, and he gave birth to the daughter of Thirteen, which was seven hundred years old, and was there a woman, and her children were born, and the children were born.
26: 11 And it came to pass, that it was seven days, and that it was seven years, and the children were born, and I saw Abraham, and they brought them down, and they burned the mountains.
27: 11 And it came to pass, when Thouldest, Thou hast seen the light of the morning, that thou shalt bring Abraham forth with them, and they and Aaron, and Haran;
28: 11 And he said, "Behold, you are lying on the face of me." The father said to him, "Behold, you are in the land of your children, and you are in the house of the LORD."
29: 11 And the sons of Abraham, and the sons of Nahor, rose up to them, but they were not married, but they were not married to Abraham, but they were married to them, and they were married to them, and they were married to the sons of Harad. 17 And the father of the sons of Mordecai was there;
30: 11 And you shall be with me, and I will be with you, I will return to you, and I will return to you.
31: 11 Ik֨h T֜rh At-abr֣m Bn֗o and At-l֤ot Bn-hrn֙ Bn-bn֔o and At֙ Sr֣i Clt֔o A֖st Abr֣m Bn֑o and Itza֨o At֜m Ma֣or Csd֗im Ll֙ct֙ A֣rtzh Cn֔an and Ib֥ao Ad-hr֖n and I֥sbo Sֽm:
32: 11 And it came to pass, that the days of the morning were hot, and that they were burning, and whence was it, that it was there, and that it came to pass, that it was in the morning;
‪xxxx  Chapter 12   (20 verses)‬
1: 12 And the LORD said, O LORD, I will send unto thee thy father, thy lord, thy land, and thy land, and thou shalt not be thy father, nor thy father, nor thy father, nor thy father, nor thy father;
2: 12 And thy servant shall be a great multitude; and he shall be great, and thy father shall be blessed, and glory be unto thee, that thy name shall be in thee, and thy land shall be in thy land.
3: 12 And thou shalt surely be blessed, because thou shalt be blessed, and thy angel cometh unto thee, and thou shalt not be blessed, but in thee, as in the midst of the sorrows, the LORD is the LORD.
4: 12 And Abraham went to them as a man, because the son of David said unto him, O Jehovah, and he hath led him away, and the son of Hamam died for two years, and seven hundred years of his life, when he came out of his midst,
5: 12 Ik֣h Abrm֩ At-sr֨i Ast֜o and At-l֣ot Bn-ah֗io and At-cl-rcosm֙ As֣r Rc֔so and At-hn֖fs Asr-as֣o Bhr֑n and Itza֗o Ll֙ct֙ A֣rtzh Cn֔an and Ib֖ao A֥rtzh Cnֽan:
6: 12 And Abor the son of Abraham was in the midst of the land, and they were numbered among them, so that they were able to return to the land of Moharan, and the land of Canaan, and the land of the land.
7:12 And the LORD saw them, and said unto them, I am Abraham, and he said unto Zerrech, Behold, thou shalt bring up the land of this land, and it is there that there is a son of Zebab, a son of Yahweh, who is the son of the LORD;
8: 12 And he gave them up, because of them, they had been burned down from the depths of the valley, and they had been burned down, and they had been burned down, and they had been consumed by them. [Q] Behold, I have been with them since the time of the LORD. And they have been given to them, and they are still in their midst.
9: 12 And the father of Abraham said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not go down;
10: 12 And there was a wicked man in the midst of the land, and he was a lion, and his father was the father of the children of Nazareth, and the people of the land of Israel were in the midst of the land of Israel, and the land of the land was the land of the LORD.
11: 12 And he said, Behold, as a man, it is cold, and he shall not be afraid of Egypt, and it shall be said, I pray thee unto him, that thou art his wife: behold, we shall not be afraid: for I am afraid of thee: for I am not a woman, but thou art afraid of her.
12: 12 12 And he said unto her, Behold, I will see thee, the children of Egypt, and thou shalt say unto him, Thou shalt not give him his wife: thou shalt be angry with him, and kill him, and thou shalt not live.
13: 12 Say, I am my mother, I am my brother, and I have come to you for a long time. And I will return to you, and I will live with you, and I will live with you, Nafash, and I will live in Gilgal.
14: 12 And it came to pass, that the people of Israel were angry with them, and the Egyptians saw it; and the Egyptians saw it, and the people of Israel came to it.
15: 12 And he saw him, saying, "Behold, Pharaoh is a Pharaoh, and he is a servant, and you are not with him, nor are you afraid of him?" And the woman was angry with her, because she was angry with Pharaoh.
16: 12 And Abraham said unto them, Whose is he that hath turned away from him, that is, and he is his son, a sheep, and the firstborn, and the servants, and the servants, and the captains, and the men, and the men of valor.
17: 12 And the LORD spake unto the LORD the people of the land, and they came to the house of his house, and the house of the LORD was with them, and the women of Abraham were with them.
18: 12 And he came to Pharaoh, saying to Abraham, Why did he not say, What is it that thou hast done, that I do not know? Why are you not with me? Why are you not angry with me? Why? Why? Is your wife there?
19: 12 Why did the mother come to me, and she came to me, and said to me, "Behold, I will give you bread, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you." And she said to her, "Your wife is your wife, your father, your father."
20: 12 And his men gave him strength, Pharaoh's men, and his wife, and his wife, his wife, and his wife, and all his wife.
‪xxxx  Chapter 13   (18 verses)‬
1:13 And Abel, the son of Abram, rose up from Mitzrayim, and his wife, and his wife, and all that was with him, and his wives were with him, and they were not with him.
2: 13 And Abraham said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not be put in the place where the sword is, and it is in the furnace;
3:13 And he went out to the land, and he went to the house of the king, and he went down to the house of the children of Amalek, until the day was gone, when the people were gone, and the people were there, and the people were there, and they were not in the house of the children.
4:13 To the place of the inheritance, the inheritance of the people, which was made by them in the early days, and it came to pass, that when they were destroyed, they were destroyed in their own way, O Jehovah,
5:13 And it came to pass, that the people of Hull went down to Abraham, because they were sheep and cattle, and the tents were not.
6:13 13 And the women were not with them, but they were the same for the inheritance of Yahweh, because the people of the land were rich, they were rich, and they were not, and they were consumed, because they were not afraid of the inheritance of Yahweh.
7: 13 And there was a reproach of the Lord, and there was no evil; but they were not, nor were they, because they were evil, but they were not evil, and the Canaanites were with me, and the Pharisees were not. But Joseph was there in the midst of the earth.
8:13 And he said, "Behold, I will not go down to you, but I will not see you." "You are not quarrelsome, but you are not among us, and you are not evil." "Do not be angry with your wife, because they are human beings, but they are not enemies, we are not in danger."
9:13 Behold, thou shalt not go down to the face of the earth, but to your face, the sword shall be turned away from above, but the mother of the heat, and the mother and the mother of the wine, and the lamb of the Nile.
10: 13 Isa-l֣ot At-ain֗io and Ira֙ At-cl-cc֣r Hird֔n C֥i Cl֖h Msk֑h Lfn֣i | Sh֣t Iho֗h At-sdm֙ and At-amr֔h Cgn-ihoh֙ Ca֣rtz Mtzr֔im Bac֖h Tzֽar:
11: 13 And he came after him, saying unto them, Shall I not go down all the way, that is, and go down to the ground, and go down to the ground, and from there I will come down to the ground, and there shall be a wall, and there shall be no man, and I will not be afraid of his brother.
12: 13 But Abraham, who was born in the land of Canaan, went up to the house of the tribe of Israel, and dwelt among them in the mountains of the Kokhur, and he was filled with them for their sabbaths.
13: 13 And the men, they were wicked, they were wicked, and they sinned against Jehovah, and they were afraid of them.
14: 13 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt go down unto me, and thou shalt not go down, but the Lord shall be with him, and the Lord shall be with him, and he shall be with him, and he shall be with him, and he shall be with him.
15: 13 When thou hast put up all the land which thou hast seen, see thee, thou shalt surely give up thy name, and let thy seed go down, even unto the children of the children.
16: 13 And I will bring you to the land of Zerach, as the house of Ephraim, the land of Israel, as if it were a city, and there was no man, and there was no man, but the people of the tribe of Ephraim, the land of their land, and Zerach,
17: 13 Thou shalt not go down to the land of thy ark, and let it be to thee, for it is because of thee that thou hast come to sleep.
18:13 13 And Abraham, their father, and their father, and he that dwelt in Elon, rose up, saying, "I will not be afraid of them, but I will see them in the midst of the wilderness, and their sons will be destroyed."
‪xxxx  Chapter 14   (24 verses)‬
1: 14 And he was with me, and in the midst of me, he said unto the Lord, I am the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds.
2: 14 As֣o Mlhm֗h At-b֙ra֙ M֣lc Sd֔m and At-brs֖a M֣lc Amr֑h Sna֣b | M֣lc Adm֗h and Sma֙br֙ M֣lc * deer ** Tzboi֔im [k] and M֥lc B֖la Hia-tzֽar:
3:14 All of them, are they in the midst of the earth, but they are not in the midst of the earth, but they are the fifth day, and they are the children of the house.
4:14 And the twelve men were servants, and the men of Israel were slaves, and they were three hundred and thirty, and three hundred of them were rebellious.
5: 14 Barba֩ Asr֨h Sn֜h B֣a Cdrla֗mr and Hmlcim֙ As֣r At֔o and Ic֤o At-rfaim֙ Bastr֣t Krn֔im and At-hzoz֖im Bh֑m and At֙ Hֽaim֔im Bso֖h Kritֽim:
6:14 And the people of Harar, when they were awake, the light was gone, and there was no bullock; but they were not as high as the grass.
7:14 And they shall return to him, and they shall return to him, but they shall not be judged: for he is holy, and he hath made all the men of the land, the people of the land, and even the people of the land of Amor, even the LORD of hosts, in the midst of the land of Nazareth.
8: 14 and Itz֨a Mֽlc-sd֜m and M֣lc Amr֗h and M֤lc Admh֙ and M֣lc * ** Tzboi֔m deer and M֥lc B֖la Hoa-tz֑ar and Iֽarc֤o Atm֙ Mlhm֔h Ba֖mk Hsdֽim:
9: 14 And when the children of Israel came down, they turned away from you, and they turned away from them, and they turned their backs on them, and said unto them, Behold, I will go down to you, and I will see you, and I will see you, and I will go down to you, and I will bring forth the land of the LORD.
10: 14 And the fish of the land shall be [1] in the midst of the earth, and shall bring forth the heat of the earth, and they shall be filled with water, and they shall go down to their beds, and they shall go down, and they shall fall down, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall be destroyed.
11: 14 And they took all their families, and destroyed them all, and all the food of them, and they went against them.
12: 14 And he took his wife and his sons, and his sons, and his sons, and they took him away, and they were not ashamed of them in their foundations.
13:14 And the people came to the father, and the children of Abraham were there, but they were not in the house of Abraham, but they were not in the land of Abraham, but they were rebellious.
14: 14 And he went astray, saying, "Behold, I will return to you, and I will give you his son, and I will give him thy son, and he will give birth to him, and I will give birth to him, and I will be with you, and I will not be with you."
15: 14 And the men of the children of Israel were burned down, and they were enslaved, and they were burned down, and they rebelled against them, even though they were afraid of them.
16: 14 And it came to pass, when all the men had gathered together, they were ashamed; and they went up to him, and brought him to the house of his captors, and they smote him, and he turned them round: and they slew the women and the men.
17: 14 And he gave up his strength, and gave him up to him: after he came back, he returned to him, and he returned to him, saying, "Do not go down to the house of the king of Israel."
18: 14 And the kings of the kings of the kingdom of Israel, who are among them, have given them bread, and they have given bread to them, and they have become like this, and they have not given up on me.
19:14 And Abraham blessed him, and he said, "Behold, I will bring you forth to Abraham, but I will not go up against you, O son of Canaan, for there is a place for them, and there is a land for them."
20: 14 And I will bless you, O my lord, for I will give you strength: for your sorrow is in your hands, and it is given to you that he did what he did.
21: 14 And he said unto them, Shall I not go down to Sodom unto them, but Abraham shall give them unto me, and I will give up the fear of thee, and I will give thee strength.
22: 14 And he said unto them, Tell them, I pray thee unto them, that I may raise them up: lift up my hand, and I will come unto the LORD, and I will go up against them, and they shall be with me, and they shall be in the land.
23: 14 If thou art cut off, and thou shalt be sware, and thou shalt be afraid of all that is for thee, and thou shalt not believe, I will see that I am not able to bring my father to death.
24: 14 In the day of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord. "
‪xxxx  Chapter 15   (21 verses)‬
1:15 And he said unto him, Thou shalt go down: thou shalt be the LORD thy God, O God, that is, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, and the son of Abraham;
2: 15 And he said, I am Abraham, they are the masters of the LORD; the LORD is the LORD, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Son of God, the Son of the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God.
3:15 And he said, Abraham said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not be angry; and this is the son of the daughter of the house;
4: 15 And he said unto him, Speak unto me, O LORD, be unto him, and let him be faithful: thou shalt not see thy wickedness: thou shalt be glad, for thou shalt not be afraid of thy mouth.
5:15 And he gave him his strength, and he gave him strength, and he said to him, The son of the tribe of Nathon is the father of the people, and he is numbered, and he is the king of the nations, and the king of the nations, and the king of Israel.
6: 15 And the mother was with him, and he was with him, and he was sitting with her, because he was not righteous;
7: 15 And he said unto him, I am not worthy of thee, O LORD, O LORD, I will give thee strength, and I will bring thee forth: behold, I will bring thee forth.
8: 15 And he said, Lord, I am with you, O LORD, O LORD! Behold, I will come to you, so that I may enter into heaven.
9: 15 And he said unto him, Behold, I will come to thee, that I may be able to return to the land of Saul, that thou shalt be satisfied with the wife of the woman, and the woman of the tribe of Shiloh, and Zerar, and Gozhel;
10: 15 And the sons of Israel were with them all, and all the children of Israel were with them.
11: 15 And the children of Israel went up against the children of Phagar, and the people of the tribe of Abiatham were destroyed.
12: 15 And behold, the sixth day, the sixth day, and it came to pass, and it came down to them, and they fell upon their fathers, and they gave it to them, because they were wise, and they were great, and the nobility was not over them.
13: 15 And he said to Abraham, "Behold, it is your hands, that you may be afraid." "Your eyes are in your hands, and they are not in the land of the Lord, nor are they servants of them, but they are servants of them, and they are not with them, but I will fight against them."
14: 15 And they took the Haggai, as they were going up, and they said to him, 'Surely I am with you, and after that I will come out of you, and bless you.'
15:15 And thou shalt be satisfied with thy father, because thou art not ashamed of her, but thou shalt not sit in her captivity;
16: 15 And David said unto him, Behold, thou shalt surely return unto him: for they are not; for they are not; for they have gone; for they have been steadfast.
17: 15 And he, behold, the sixth day of the sixth month, was the LORD, and the people of Israel, behold, there was a wall of smoke, and there was light, and there was light, and there was no man;
18: 15 Behold, this is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the God of Israel.
19: 15 And I brought the knife, and the nest, and the place of the sanctuary.
20:15 And the courtesites, and the Pharisees, and the Raphaons.
Num 21: 15 And the Amorite man, and the Canaanites, and the Haggashites, and the Gibbs;
‪xxxx  Chapter 16   (16 verses)‬
1:16 And my servants, the children of Abraham, gave birth to him, and he gave birth to his children, and to him the family of Shephah, the son of Nazareth, was there.
2: 16 And I said unto the LORD, I am unto Abraham, for I am the LORD, and I am the LORD of the LORD, for I am the LORD, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Son of God, the Son of God, and the Lord of the Lord, and the Lord of the Lord.
3: 16 Tk֞h Sr֣i Aֽst-abr֗m At-hg֤r Hmtzrit֙ Sfht֔h Mktz֙ A֣sr Sn֔im Ls֥bt Abr֖m Ba֣rtz Cn֑an and Tt֥n At֛h Labr֥m Ais֖h L֥o Lasֽh:
4:16 And he came to Hagar, and became arrogant, and became jealous: for he was afraid, and his voice was strong, and he was mighty in his eyes.
5: 16 T֨amr Sr֣i Al-abrm֮ Hms֣i Alic֒ Anc֗i Nt֤ti Sfhti֙ Bhik֔c and T֙ra֙ C֣i Hr֔th and Ak֖l Bain֑ih Isf֥t Iho֖h Bin֥i and Binֽiׄc: [4]
6: 16 And Abraham said to them, "Come to me, Sarah! Behold, your sword is in your hands, do it to me, and it is hot in the eyes of you, and you shall be angry with me, for I am a minister, and you shall see me before you."
7: 16 And he found that the LORD was with you, because he was with thee, the LORD, and he was with him, because he was not in the midst of the land, but in the wilderness of the land of Israel, in the midst of the land of Samaria.
8:16 And he said, Glory be to God, I will be glad to see you, and I will be glad to see you, and I will be glad to see you, and I will be glad to see you.
9:16 And he said unto her, Behold, I am not worthy of thee, O LORD, but thou shalt give my heart unto thy neighbor, and thou shalt not be satisfied: for thou shalt bring forth the hands of her children.
10: 16 And he said unto her, Behold, I am not thy God; but the LORD thy God, I will multiply thee, and multiply thy seed with thee, and it shall not come to pass;
11: 16 And he said unto him, Behold, I am not thy God, but thy God is thy God; and behold, thou shalt be with them, and be cold; yea, his name shall be heard, and I will hear the voice of the LORD.
12: 16 And behold, there shall be a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, and all his children;
13:16 And he called the name of Yahweh, saying, "Do not be afraid of them, for they are not worthy of you, but they are not worthy of you."
14: 16 Therefore, behold, Korah came to Baabar in the midst of Lahore, but he saw her, and she was with her in the midst of her holy land;
15: 16 And the children of Hagar turned to Abraham, but they came to them, and he rose up, and said unto them, There is no son of his son, whose name is the son of the son of Hagar, who hears the voice of the LORD.
16:16 And Abraham the son of Shaman, that is, that was there, and that is, that they were lost, that they were not in the house of Haggadah, and they heard the ears of the people of Labram.
‪xxxx  Chapter 17   (27 verses)‬
1: 17 And he said, Behold, I am Abraham, the son of the children of the nine, that is, the age of the children, and they are the six hundred years of age, and the LORD is the LORD, and he is the God of Abraham, and he is saying unto him, I will not be afraid of thee, for I am with thee, and I will go to thee before me: and I will be with thee.
2: 17 And you shall be satisfied with Ruth, for I am not among you, and I will bring you to you, and I will multiply you with you in the midst of the earth.
3:17 And the son of Abraham spoke unto them before his face, and brought him to the house of God.
4: 17 I am with you now, in the covenant of the LORD: for you are with me, and you have come to the house of the LORD.
5:17 And they did not come to you, but lifted up your name, and I said to them, "Behold, your name is your father, because they are not, because I am your father, and I am your enemy."
6: 17 And I will not let you go, but I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give it to you: and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
7:17 And you shall bring the covenant of the children of Israel, and bring them to Me, and give them to your children, and they shall return to you, and they shall return to you, and they shall return to you, and they shall return to you, and they shall return to you, and they shall return to you, and they shall return to you, and they shall not return to you.
8: 17 And I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will return to you.
9:17 And God said unto them, Come unto Abraham their name, and thou shalt bring the covenant of thy righteousness. Behold, thou shalt be glad, and thou shalt not sow thy seed: for the LORD hath given thee strength unto thy law.
10: 17 And I will bring you forth, but I will not be able to save them, but I will be with you, and they will not be with you.
11: 17 And they murmured unto them, In the midst of the wickedness of their womb, and there was a loaf of bread, and there was no wine, and they were not among them.
12: 17 And the son of Shaman, the children of Yemim, were born to them, all of them, that were born to them, so that they might receive them.
13: 17 And he said unto them, Behold, I will come to you, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will bring it to you.
14: 17 And Aral, the son of Zechariah, the son of Asher, the son of Zerah, the son of Zerah, the son of Berezit, the son of Zerah, the son of Zerah,
15:17 And the Lord said unto them, Behold, I am your father, because they are saints: for thy wife is not, thou shalt not lift up the name of her, but sing over me: for she is a minister, and her name is her name.
16: 17 And I blessed you, and I gave them bread, and they gave them to me, because they gave you bread, and they gave me bread, and they gave it to me, and they came to me, and they came to me, so that I might go to them, and they would not go down with me.
17: 17 And Abel took his father with him, and he gave him up his face, and he gave up his strength, and he said to him in his heart: 'Behold, the LORD is the son of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD.
18:17 And Abraham said unto them, Behold, God is the God of the people, and he is the LORD, and the LORD shall not live;
19:17 And the Lord said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go astray, but thy wife, thy wife, shall be thy servant; and behold, thou shalt bring him forth: and thou shalt reprove him: thou shalt bring him forth: and thou shalt bring up the covenant of the LORD; for thou hast brought him to the land;
20: 17 ֽlisma֘al [1] Smatic֒ Hn֣h | Br֣cti At֗o and Hfrit֥i At֛o and Hrbit֥i At֖o Bma֣d Ma֑d Snim-as֤r Nsiam֙ Iol֔id and Ntt֖io Lg֥oi Gdֽol:
21: 17 And you shall bring the covenant of the LORD: for I will bring thee into the land of Israel, wherewith thou shalt bring forth unto thee the power of the LORD, that he may go down to this land, that is, the daughter of the LORD,
22: 17 And he made him weep for him, and made him angry; and he turned to God, and he was not afraid of his father.
23: 17 Ik֨h Abrh֜m At-isma֣al Bn֗o and A֨t Cl-ilid֤i Bito֙ and At֙ Cl-mkn֣t Csf֔o Cl-zc֕r Bans֖i B֣it Abrh֑m and I֜ml At-bs֣r Arlt֗m Ba֙tzm֙ Hi֣om Hz֔h Cas֛r Db֥r At֖o Alhֽim:
24:17 And Abra the son of Levi was nine, and the men of the tribe of Shiloh slept with him in the midst of him, in the midst of his nakedness.
25: 17 And Yishmael begged his son, the son of Shiloh, that he was ten years old, that she was in her house, and that he was in his house, because of his nakedness.
26: 17 In the midst of the greatness of the earth, this is the day of the Day of Resurrection, which is the time of the people of Abraham, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
27:17 17 And every man, his daughter, shall be brought to him, and he shall be able to give up the house of the son of Necher, and he shall bring him into his house.
‪xxxx  Chapter 18   (33 verses)‬
1: 18 And his father saw him, saying, "O LORD, be with me in the land of Israel!" He said, "Behold, I am afraid, and I will not be afraid of you, nor shall I be afraid of them."
2: 18 And his eyes were filled with him, and he was afraid, and the people of the tribe of Israel were there, but they were still standing, and they were burning up, and he was afraid, and the land was cold, and they were afraid of them, because they were afraid of them, and they were not pleased with them.
3:18 And he said, "Sir, I am with you, O son of Israel, we are not with you, but I am with you in the eyes of your eyes, but we are not with you, but your servant is your servant."
4: 18 And the people of the people of the land, and the people of the land;
5:18 And he took them away, and they went to them, and they went out to you, and they came to them, and they were angry with them, so that the people of Israel were able to pass them on, because their servants were against them, and they said to them, 'Surely this is what I have done, and I will not do this.'
6: 18 And their father was afraid of them, and he said unto the LORD, Behold, he is saying unto me, Behold, I have taken a scepter, and he hath given it to him, and he hath done it, and he hath done it.
7:18 And unto the Baqar, the captain of the sons of Abraham, and the son of Baqar, blessed your son, and Netob, and they brought them to the house of the LORD, and he went down to do his work.
8: 18 And the father-in-law, and the son of the firstborn, was married to Asar, and he did so. And they were given to them before them; and behold, they were not with them, but the children of Israel were with them, and they were with them, and they were given food.
9: 18 And he said unto him, I pray thee, thou shalt not go, but [4] saith the LORD, saying, Behold, thy wife is thy wife, and he is saying, Behold, behold, it is in the house of the LORD.
10: 18 And he said unto him, Say that thou shalt bear the fire, and return unto thee, and it shall be seven hundred years of life, and behold, it shall be to thee, that thy wife shall be thy wife, and her flesh shall be the seed of the children of the house of the children of Israel, and they shall not go after him again.
11: 18 And their fathers, and their flesh, were young: they came to them, and they came to the sea, and they were afraid of them; they were afraid of them, and they were afraid of their flesh; but they were not like men;
12: 18 And Thou shalt clap, and shalt thou shalt be in the midst of the bread, and he shall not be reproached, but after me, my daughter, behold, thou shalt not be with me;
13:18 And the Lord said unto them, Behold, I am unto Abraham, that is, this is the LORD, that is, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, and the Son of God.
14: 18 Behold, there is no fear of the LORD, but the Lord is the Lord of the worlds, and the Lord of the heavens is the Lord, and the Lord is the Lord.
15: 18 And the flesh of the flesh of the young man came to pass, and he returned to the house of the LORD, saying, "Behold, I will not give up."
16: 18 And they rose up there from there; they were not, they were men, and they were cast on their faces, and their swords, and their men were still, but their people were with them, and they were not sent to them.
17: 18 And behold, behold, there is no god but the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne.
18:18 And the people of Bereshit said, Behold, I am with you, and I will be with you, and I will come to you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
19: 18 C֣i Idat֗io Lman֩ As֨r Itzo֜h At-bn֤io and At-bito֙ Ahr֔io and Sֽmro֙ D֣rc Iho֔h Las֥ot Tzdk֖h and Msf֑t Lm֗an Hb֤ia Ihoh֙ Al-abrh֔m A֥t Asr-db֖r Alֽio:
20:18 And the word of the LORD said unto them, Thou shalt not go down, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall be put to death: for the LORD hath rebelled against them;
21: 18 And the LORD, behold, he is not a man, and he hath seen it, and he hath cried out to him, saying, Behold, he hath done unto him, but he hath done not.
22: 18 And they turned away from there; they were the men of men; and they took a scepter of them, and they were destroyed, but they were still, but they were still standing before the LORD.
23: 18 And Hagar his father, when they were with him, came up to him, and he returned to the house of the king, and gave up the tribe of Zadik with the inheritance of Judah.
24: 18 Ullah, who is the ruler of the tribe of Zadik, who is the son of the Lord, the Lord of the World, is the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Compassionate, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Compassionate, the Merciful, the Compassionate, the Merciful.
25: 18 And I will bring you to the land of Israel, the land of Zechariah, to the land of Tzadik, the people of Israel, and the land of Israel, as a Tzadik, as the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, and the land of Israel.
26: 18 And the LORD said, O LORD, if thou art not in the midst of them, they shall be five hundred, and they shall be righteous; and the daughter of the LORD shall be the light of the light, and I will give my strength to all the wickedness, and I will destroy them in the midst of their wickedness.
27: 18 And Abraham said to them, "Behold, they are not, nor are we; we are not; they are not; they are the children of Israel, and they are the children of Israel, and the people of Israel are not."
28: 18 א֠הּ֠ליי יחחְס֞ר֞וּן חממשש֤֤֤ם הצצדּדיקּיִּם חֲמשש֔֔֔ם הצצדּדיקּק֙ם הממשש֔֔֔ה֔ה הצתּׁחחּד֙י֙ת הצשחחּה֥ה הצתחּה֥ה֥ה הצתחּא֥ה֥ה הצתחּא֥ה֥ה הצתחּא-הה֥ה ל֑הלמהש:ה֥ה העה֑ה:ה הה ו ויֲּמששֽה העה:ה:ה ו֑הממששּֽה א֑ם א֑רָּב-הא֣ה ארם אררָּב֖א֣ה אַם אררָּב֖א֖ם וחמששּֽשֽה:
29: 18 And he gave the sword of David to him, saying unto him, Behold, O Lord, O God, is it not for them, that the Lord hath made them four hundred forty-four? And he said unto them, Lo, behold, I will come to the house of the LORD, and he shall return to the land of the land of the LORD.
30: 18 And he said unto him, Let us not go to the house of the LORD, and unto the Lord, and unto the LORD, and unto the LORD, O God, that he may be saved, and that the people of the land shall be destroyed, and they shall not be destroyed.
31:18 And he said, "We, the people of Israel, shall not be destroyed, nor shall we be destroyed, nor shall we go down to the land of Adonai, but the people of Israel shall die, and the people of the land shall die, and there shall be no men." 19 And he said, "Behold, I am not a man, nor a servant, but a servant."
32: 18 And he said unto him, Let us not go to the house of the LORD, but unto the Lord, and unto the Lord, and unto the Lord, even unto the people of the land, and unto the children of the LORD, shall the people of the land be destroyed, and the people of the land shall be destroyed, and the people of the land shall be destroyed, and the people of the land shall not be destroyed.
33:18 And the LORD, the LORD, went down as a woman, so that she could not speak unto her father, neither was their father, but he that dwelt before him rose up.
‪xxxx  Chapter 19   (38 verses)‬
1: 19 And they came, and they were two, and they were all the children of the tribe of Simeon; they were in the midst of the ark, and the people of the tribe of Israel were in captivity, and the people of Sodom were afraid of them, and they saw a lot of them, and they rose up to the ground, and they came to them, and they carried them away.
2: 19 and I֜amr Hn֣h Na-adn֗i S֣oro N֠a Al-b֨it Abdc֤m and L֙ino֙ and Rhtz֣o Rglic֔m and Hscmt֖m and Hlct֣m [v] Ldrcc֑m and Iamr֣o L֔a C֥i Brh֖ob Nlֽin:
3:19 And the children of the children of Israel were defeated, and the people of Israel came to him, and they brought him to the house of his house, and he made them a house for them, which was his bread, and he gave them food, and he ate it.
4:19 Thou shalt not perish; and he shall lie down, and the men of the people shall be afraid; for they are not wicked; they are wicked; they have been defeated by their fathers, and they have been troubled, and all their wickedness has been taken away from them.
5:19 And he called unto him unto him, and they said unto him, Behold, I am the man, that is, that I will not be with thee, and I will bring thee unto thee: and they shall bring them out, and they shall not be with us, and they shall know them.
6: 19 And he gave them unto them, saying, Lo! Thou shalt give him the bread, and he will bring the seed of the sword, and he will rejoice after it.
7:19 And he said unto them, We shall not be afraid;
8: 19 Hnh-n֨a L֜i St֣i Bn֗ot As֤r Lֽa-idao֙ A֔is Aotzֽiah-n֤a Athn֙ Alic֔m and As֣o Lh֔n Ct֖ob Bainic֑m R֠k Lֽans֤im Hal֙ Al-tas֣o Db֔r Cֽi-al-c֥n B֖ao Btz֥l Krtֽi:
9: 19 and Iamr֣o | Gs-h֗lah and Iֽamro֙ Hah֤d Bֽa-lgor֙ and Isf֣t Sf֔ot At֕h Nr֥a Lc֖ Mh֑m and Iftzr֨o Ba֤is Blot֙ Ma֔d and ֽigs֖o Lsb֥r Hdֽlt:
10: 19 And he sent away the men, and the men raised their hands, and brought them to the house, and they brought them to them, and they brought them to the house, and brought them to the house of their families.
11: 19 And the men were afraid, that they were not in the house, but they were in the furnace, and they were still young, and they were on their way, and they were not brought to Mizpeh.
12: 19 And the men said unto him, Come unto me, I pray thee, O son of thy servant, thou art a son of gold, and thy son is thy son, and thy sons are thy sons, and that which is for thee, that is, in the light of the fire, it shall be taken out of the mouth of the furnace.
13:19 19 And when we were ashamed, we were not pleased, and we took the plague, and this is the day of the morning, when the voice of the LORD came out, and the voice of the LORD came to him, and the messenger sent him away.
14: 19 Itz֨a L֜ot and Idb֣r | Al-htn֣io | Lkh֣i Bnt֗io and I֙amr֙ K֤omo Tzao֙ Mn-hmk֣om Hz֔h Cֽi-msh֥it Iho֖h At-ha֑ir and Ih֥i Cmtzh֖k Bain֥i Htnֽio:
15:19 And like the other men, he made the fire, and it came to pass, and the men were not in the air, and they were not in the heat, but the heat of the heat, and the heat of the heat, and the heat of the heat, and the heat of the heat, and the heat of the heat, and the heat of the heat.
16:19 And the men of the tribe of Anzah were with him in his hand, and with his wife, and with his sons, they were with him, and his sons were with him in the house of the LORD, and they were with him, and they brought him to him, and they brought him away from the land of the land of Lazarus.
17:19 And it was as if you had done them, but they were still in the midst of the fire, and he said, "Behold, I will not go down to your soul, nor to you, nor to your father, nor to your father, nor to your neighbor." But in the midst of the weeping, "Behold, the LORD is full of sorrow."
18:19 And he said unto them, Shall I not go to them, but unto us we shall not go down?
19: 19 Hnh-n֠a Mtz֨a Abdc֣ Hn֮ Bainic֒ and Tgd֣l Hsdc֗ As֤r As֙it֙ Amd֔i Lhhi֖ot At-nfs֑i and Anc֗i L֤a Aocl֙ Lhml֣t Hh֔rh Fn-tdbk֥ni Hra֖h and Mֽti:
20: 19 And here we are, that is, the light of the day, that is, the people of the land, that is, the land of Moses, and the land of Israel, and it is the land of Nazareth, that is, the land of the land, the land of the land, the land of the land, the land of the land, the land of the land.
21: 19 And he said unto him, Behold, I will be with thee; for I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength: for I will give thee bread, and I will give thee bread, and I will bring it to thee, and I will bring it to light.
22: 19 מהה֙ר המּמ֣ל֣ט ש ש֔֔םָּּה֣י֣י ל֤ל֤א אואככ֙ל לעעשש֣֣ותת דבב֔ר ער ע-בדֹּא֖֖֖֖֖֖֑ם ע עע-לככּ֛ן֛ן ק֥ר֥אא שֵםם-הע֖֖יר צֽֽועערר:
23: 19 And the sixth day shall come upon the earth, and lo!
24:19 And he, behold, the LORD, hath cast down upon them a scepter, and he has gone up to Amor, and he is a mighty man, and he hath taken away the inheritance of Yahweh, because of the name of the LORD.
25: 19 And he turned the city into an ark, and it came to pass, and all the wood was cut down, and all the inhabitants of the land were there, and the mountains were filled with rain.
26: 19 And his wife came to him after his death, and he came to him, and he was not able to escape from Mehlah.
27: 19 And their scepter, Abraham, gave them up to him, saying, "Behold, I will not go down with them, but I will die with them, and I will kill them, and I will kill them."
28: 19 And he was ashamed of the face of the sun, and the people of Amor, and of all the children of Israel, the land of the Canaanite, and it was burned down, and it passed over it, and the land of Kittur was destroyed as a kittens.
29: 19 Ih֗i Bsh֤t Alhim֙ At-ar֣i Hcc֔r and Izc֥r Alh֖im At-abrh֑m and Isl֤h At-lot֙ Mt֣oc Hhfc֔h Bhfc֙ At-h֣ar֔im Asr-is֥b Bh֖n Lֽot:
And he went back to the house of the king of Israel, saying, "Behold, I have gone to the house of the LORD, and you shall be satisfied with me, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
31:19 And the chief of the children said to them, 'Come to the children, for they are our fathers, they are young, and they are young, and there is no god but the earth, and they are not with us, but they are above us, as is the way of all the children of the earth.'
Verse 32: 19 We have kissed the father of our father, and we have forgotten him, and we have forgotten her with her, and we have given her up from our fathers,
33: 19 And she took her father with him, and she gave birth to her father, and she gave birth to her father, and she gave birth to her father, and she gave her heart to her father, and she was not afraid of her, because she lay in her bed, and her husband came to her. [4]
34: 19 ֽihi֙ Mֽmhr֔t and T֤amr Hbcirh֙ Al-htzair֔h Hn-sc֥bti A֖ms At-ab֑i Nsk֨no I֜in Gm-hl֗ilh and B֙ai֙ Scb֣i Am֔o and Nhi֥h Mab֖ino Zֽra:
35:19 And they were ashamed, because they were in mourning, and they brought her father to death, and they were victorious, and the young men were victorious, and the people of Israel were with them, and the people of Israel were still in their midst, and they remained in their midst.
36: 19 And Thou hast seen it, that it hath been given to me, that I have given it to the children of the tribe of Abiathon.
37: 19 And the son of the son of Bechira, the son of Behan, rose up, and rose up, but his name was not given to him, but he was gone, and he was not with me, but he was not with me.
38: 19 And the young man, behold, he also said to them, "Behold, the children of Israel have come to them, and they have been sanctified. So is the name of the son of Ammon?"
‪xxxx  Chapter 20   (18 verses)‬
1:20 And Issa said unto them, I will bring them forth: behold, I will see them, and they shall return to them, and they shall return to the land of the land of Israel, and they shall return to the land of Israel.
2: 20 And Abraham said to Abraham, "Do not you, O wife of his wife?" I asked him, "What is your name?" And Abimelech said, "Your servant is coming down to you, and he has cut off the flesh of his wife."
3:20 And the LORD came to God, and said unto him, O father, I pray thee, I pray thee, O LORD, and I will say unto thee, Behold, thou shalt not die for the wife of the wife; but as for the wife of Leah, the daughter of the father of the children of Israel,
4:20 And Abimelech said unto him, Come down unto me, and behold, I will not go down;
5: 20 Behold, I am the LORD, and I will be with you.
6: 20 Iamr֩ Al֨io Hֽalh֜im Bhl֗m G֣m Anc֤i Id֙ati֙ C֤i Btm-lbbc֙ As֣it Z֔at and Ahs֧c Gm-anc֛i Aֽotc֖ Mhto-l֑i Al-c֥n La-ntt֖ic Lng֥a Alֽih:
7:20 And the servant, the woman, and the woman's wife, were weeping, so that they were young, and they were in the midst of your hands, and they were not with you, and they were not with you, because they were in the midst of evil, for I was afraid of you, and of them all, that you were with me, and all that was for you.
8: 20 And your father, your father, took you in the grave, and called to all his servants, and he spoke to all the people, saying, "Behold, they are in their ears, and they are not afraid, but they are men, and they are not afraid."
9: 20 Ikr֨a Abim֜lc Labrh֗m and I֨amr L֜o Mֽh-as֤it L֙no֙ and Mֽh-ht֣ati L֔c Cֽi-hb֧at Al֛i and Al-mmlct֖i Hta֣h Gdl֑h Masim֙ As֣r La-iֽas֔o As֖it Amdֽi:
10:20 And Abimeleh said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not see it, seeing that thou hast done it: do as thou hast done unto the Lord, that is,
11: 20 And he said unto them, I have spoken unto Abraham, because he is not; yet I have seen my eyes; for I have not seen God; and I have not seen them in this world; and this is my anger.
12: 20 And the mother of my mother was married, because she was my father's father; she was your father, and she was not in the house of my mother, and I came to Leah because I loved her.
13: 20 Ih֞i Cas֧r Hta֣o At֗i Alhim֮ Mb֣it Abi֒ and Am֣r L֔h Z֣h Hsd֔c As֥r Tas֖i Amd֑i A֤l Cl-hmkom֙ As֣r Nb֣oa S֔mh Amri-l֖i Ah֥i Hֽoa:
14: 20 And Abimelech the son of Zephaniah, and the sons of Laban, and the servants of Shephah, begat them, and gave them to their fathers, and they returned, and they returned to him, but the wife of his wife was his wife.
15:20 And he said, O father, I pray thee, I will give thee the land before thee: thou shalt not be ashamed, and thou shalt be satisfied in thy sight;
16: 20 And the Lord said unto him, Behold, thou hast given me a thousand threshing beds, because thy brother-in-law is with thee, behold, behold, thou shalt not see the eyes of the eyes of the LORD, but thou shalt not be angry with him: for I have seen thee, and thou shalt not be with him.
17: 20 And their fathers were angry with them, but they were not against God; and he rebuked God, because he hated his father, and his wife, his wife, and his mother, and his children.
18: 20 When the mighty man was mighty, the LORD was with him, and he was in the midst of all the nations of the world.
‪xxxx  Chapter 21   (34 verses)‬
1:21 And Vaioh, the son of Pekah, rebuked him, saying, As a woman, he was not a man; but he was a servant of Yahweh, because he was minister of the land of Israel.
2:21 And it was revealed, And the children of Israel sang unto the fathers of them, but they came to Zacunn, and they returned to them, and they went to them, and as they were, they were not numbered.
3: 21 And he called his father Abraham, but there was no name for him, but his son, the son of the son, was born unto him, that was born to him, that his son Sarah had given to him.
4: 21 And Abraham, the son of Abraham, gave birth to Isaac, the son of Shem, the son of Shaman, and the children of Yaman, as the captain of the tribe of Israel commanded him, God, to him.
5:21 And Abraham said unto them, Son of the son of Israel, where is the son of the son of the son of David, that is, the son of Isaac, the son of Isaac?
6: 21 And Moses said to him, "Behold, thou shalt go up to me, O God, for all things are full of bread, and I will laugh."
7: 21 And they said, "Behold, they have been circumcised for their fathers, but they have not been a son of the sons of Israel;
8: 21 And Gedaliah, the son of Gilead, and Gatham, and Abraham, the father of the tribe of Simeon, slew the children of the tribe of Israel, because they were in their midst.
9:21 21 And Sarah saw the children of the son of Hagar the Egyptian, who gave birth to her father, because they were not victorious.
10: 21 And it was said to him that he had spoken to Abraham, but he had not betrayed his mother, and he had given him the son of his son, because he had not been married, because the son of the mother had not inherited it, because he had been with the son of Israel with Isaac.
11: 21 And the evil of the Lord came to pass away from me, but in the eyes of the people, I spoke to them, but they were not with him;
12: 21 I֨amr Alh֜im Al-abrh֗m Al-ir֤a Bain֙ic֙ Al-hn֣ar and Al-amt֔c Cl֩ As֨r Tam֥r Al֛ic Sr֖h Sm֣a Bkl֑h C֣i Bitzh֔k Ikr֥a Lc֖ Zֽra:
13: 21 And they took the son of the mother, saying, "Behold, I will give you the money, and I will give you up."
14: 21 Isc֣m Abrh֣m | Bb֡kr and Iֽkֽh-lhm֩ and H֨mt M֜im and It֣n Al-h֠gr S֧m Al-scm֛h and At-hi֖ld and ֽislh֑h and T֣lc and T֔ta Bmdb֖r Ba֥r Sֽba:
15: 21 And all the men came out of the bread, and turned away the hand of the child, and they were afraid of them, because they were afraid of them.
16: 21 And he went, and he returned to his wife, because he gave him the rod of the distance, as he had promised him, and he was not satisfied.
17: 21 Ism֣a Alhim֮ At-k֣ol Hnar֒ and Ikra֩ Mla֨c Alh֤im | Al-hgr֙ Mn-hsm֔im and I֥amr L֖h Mh-l֣c Hg֑r Al-t֣ira֔i Cֽi-sm֧a Alh֛im Al-k֥ol Hn֖ar Bas֥r Hoa-sֽm:
18: 21 And when I came, I saw the people, and I saw them, and brought them back to me, and brought them to me, and they brought them to the house of the children of Israel.
19: 21 And the God of God took his eyes away from him, and he turned away from him, and he turned away from you, and turned away from you, and filled the bread with bread, and he gave it to the people.
20:21 21 And God, the LORD, brought the people to the ground, and he was angry with them, and he returned to them in the wilderness, and there was a great multitude.
21: 21 And he that dwelt in Mordecai, Pharah, 17, and the son of Zacchariah, came to him, and his mother, and his mother, Esau, came to him, from the east side of the river of Mitzrayim.
22: 21 And I will be in the midst of this hour, and he will be saying, "Your father is your servant, and you shall be a minister of the people of Israel." Amen. "God, your God, is your nation, and you are in the midst of your wickedness, which is what you have done."
23: 21 At֗h Hs֨bah L֤i Bֽalhim֙ H֔nh Am-tsk֣r L֔i and Lnin֖i and Lncd֑i Ch֜sd Asr-as֤iti Amc֙ Tas֣h Amd֔i and Am-ha֖rtz Asr-g֥rth Bֽh:
24: 21 And he said unto them, I will not go down, but I will not be with thee;
25: 21 And your father, your father, lifted up your fathers' hands upon your hands, but in the midst of the fire, when I saw that you were gone, I worshiped you, and my fathers were with you.
26: 21 And he said, O father, I pray thee, thou art not afraid of me: for he hath done unto thee the LORD, that which is his wife, and also not thou, that thou hast not glorified me: for they are not with thee, and they are not with me;
27: 21 And Abraham, the son of Zachan, begotten, and gave them to their fathers, and they became aware of them, that they were not in their midst.
28: 21 And the father of Abraham spoke unto them, saying, When the sheep went down to the ground, they were alone:
29: 21 And Abraham said unto them, Come unto the Father, that is, when he is gone, behold, he hath taken away the land of the land, as it is in the land of the land, and he hath given it to him, that he hath not turned away from the house of the LORD.
30: 21 And he said, Behold, thou shalt not be ashamed of me; but thou shalt not be ashamed of me, but in the midst of thy life, thou shalt be the one, that is, unto me, even unto me, that thou shalt not be able to hide the fire of this land.
31: 21 Therefore, when he was cold, he did not take it, but he said to him, "Surely, I am not satisfied with this, but I am not satisfied with them."
32: 21 And he became aware of him in the wilderness, in the midst of the sabbath, and he rose up, and rose up against thee, and the king of the tribe of Zabah was with him, and they returned to him, and they returned to the land of Pharisees.
33: 21 And the people of Israel went astray in the midst of the sabbath, and the people of Korah saw them, because of their wickedness: for the LORD was with them, but they were not with them.
34: 21 And the father of Hagar, the father of them, rose up in the midst of the land of Phlushath, but there was a great multitude.
‪xxxx  Chapter 22   (24 verses)‬
1:22 And it came to pass, that after the LORD had come, he had given it to him, and God had given them strength, and he had taken away their fathers, and he had said unto them, I will not speak unto them, and he will say, Behold, I am with you.
2: 22 I֡amr Kh-n֠a At-bnc֨ [c] At-ihֽidc֤ Asr-ah֙bt֙ At-itzh֔k and Lc-lc֔ Al-a֖rtz Hmri֑h and Hal֤ho Sm֙ Lal֔h A֚l Ah֣d Hֽhr֔im As֖r Am֥r Alֽic:
3: 22 Isc֨m Abrh֜m Bb֗kr and ֽihbs֙ At-hmr֔o and Ik֞h At-sn֤i Nario֙ At֔o and A֖t Itzh֣k Bn֑o and Ibka֙ Atz֣i Al֔h and I֣km and I֔lc Al-hmk֖om Asr-aֽmr-l֥o Halhֽim:
4:22 And the sixth day of the sixth day, when he saw his father, he lifted up his eyes, and he saw the thorns, and the bread from the wind.
5:22 22 And Abraham said to Abraham, "Behold, I will not return to you, for they shall return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will go down to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
6: 22 And Abrah his father brought him up to him, and he brought him up to him, and he brought him to the house of Isaac, and gave him his son, and he took his hand in his hand, and brought it to him, and carried it away, and carried it to him, and they went to him, and they were alone.
And he said, Behold, the fire is gone, and the people are thirsty, and it is the land which has been brought up to them, and it is not the land of the LORD.
6: 22 And he said unto them, Behold, I have spoken unto God, but God hath not seen it, nor hath he seen it; and behold, it is not for me, but for me, and for me, behold, they are two, and they are their own.
9: 22 and Ib֗ao Aֽl-hmkom֮ As֣r Aֽmr-l֣o Halhim֒ and I֨bn S֤m Abrhm֙ At-hmzb֔h and ֽiar֖c At-hatz֑im and ֽiakd֙ At-itzh֣k Bn֔o and I֤sm Ato֙ Al-hmzb֔h Mm֖al Latzֽim:
10:22 22 And Abraham took up his hand, and brought it to him, and he took away the hand of the king, and put his hand on his son.
11: 22 And he cried unto him, saying, Behold, Yahweh is a man of the people of heaven. And he said unto them, I am the father of them, and I will bring them forth, and they will be destroyed.
12: 22 I֗amr Al-tsl֤h Iֽdc֙ Al-hn֔ar and Al-t֥as L֖o Ma֑omh [1] C֣i | At֣h Id֗ati Cֽi-ir֤a Alhim֙ A֔th and L֥a Hs֛ct At-bnc֥ At-ihidc֖ Mmֽni:
13: 22 Is֨a Abrh֜m At-ain֗io and Ira֙ and Hnh-a֔il Ah֕r Nah֥z Bsb֖c Bkrn֑io and I֤lc Abrhm֙ and Ik֣h At-ha֔il and Ial֥ho Lal֖h T֥ht Bnֽo:
14: 22 And he cried, and said unto them, Why is the name of the Lord of the heavens, and of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD?
15: 22 And he cried unto the LORD, Thou art the God of the LORD, and the Lord of the Fathers.
16: 22 And he said, Behold, I will return to you, and I will give you hope, O LORD, for I will give you strength, and I will bring you forth, and I will bring you to the house of the LORD.
17: 22 When I see you, I will multiply thee, and I will multiply thee, and I will multiply thee, and I will bring thee forth: as a star of the heavens, and of the heavens, and of the land of the children of Israel, and I will bring them to the land of the LORD.
18: 22 And he blessed him with thy seed, as he had done, so that he might be with me, and he was with me, and he was near me, so that I could see you in the light of my voice.
19: 22 And Abraham returned to the land of his sons, and his father was with him, and he went to Yahweh, and he came to the house of Baarar, the tribe of Baabar, and he returned to the land of Abra, and they returned to Baabar.
20:22 And there was another man, after the LORD, who was with him, and brought him forth, and he gave birth to Abraham, because they were not born, but they were born to him, and they were born to the children of Israel.
21: 22 And the people of Korah, his father, and his father, and his brethren, and the people of Kammua, were destroyed;
22: 22 And his breast, and his breast, and his blood, and his hand, and his neck, and the bread, and the broth.
23:22 And when he came, he gave birth to Rebekah, that was his name, and he said unto him, Son of God, I have given thee bread, and I will not be afraid of them.
24: 22 And he turned to him, and brought him to him; and he brought it up to him, and saw it, and he gave it to him, and he brought it to the table, and to Gatham, and to Tachash, and from there to Makkah.
‪xxxx  Chapter 23   (20 verses)‬
1:23 And they were alive, and the men of Israel were alive, and there were nine of them, and they were nine, and they were two, and they were two, that they were alive, that they were alive, and that they were alive.
2:23 And the servant of Sarah sang in the morning, saying, I will multiply it, and it shall be broken, and it shall be in the land of Canaan, and it shall come to pass, and I will bring it forth to them, and they shall not be bound to the flesh of the LORD, nor shall the LORD be blessed.
2:23 And he rose up, and he rose up, and took away his father, and he did not go down to the house of his son. He died, and he gave him up to the sons of the house of Hamath,
4: 23 Thou shalt grow up, and rejoice in thee: for thy people are not with thee, but for them, they have been saved, and they have been put to death, and they have been put to death.
5:23 And the sons of Hahath, the sons of Hahath, slew them with their fathers, so that they could not be circumcised.
6: 23 Hear ye, O God, that thou art, O God, that thou art not in the midst of thy kingdom, but in the midst of the wilderness, because of our people, bury thy dead; thou shalt not be fat; and if thou shalt be buried, thou shalt not be able to eat it; for it is from thee that thou shalt give up thy dead.
7:23 And their fathers rose up to them, and they took him away to the people of the land, to the children of Judah.
8:23 And David spoke to them, saying, "I am not worthy of them, but they have taken up their souls, so that I may bury my dead." He said, "Listen, I will hear you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you in the wilderness of Ephron, son of Tzahar."
9:23 And Nathan gave to the west the captain of the hill, which was asunder, and that his wife had given him a portion of the land, and that the land of Israel was in the midst of the sword, and they were not given to them, because they were in their possession, and they were not in possession of the land of the land.
10:23 And Ephrath, the son of Judah, the daughter of the sons of Hahath, the daughter of Hatham, and the children of Apharam, the daughter of Hatham, the Abarathites, were in Mizheni, the sons of Hahath, the children of Kehil, in the midst of them, and the cities of Sihar, the city of Amor,
11: 23 Lo, I am not the LORD, but I will hear the land, and I will give you the land and the land, for I have given it to you, because you have given it to us, to the eyes of the people, but you have not given it to you, because you have been buried.
12: 23 And they shall be ashamed, and they shall speak to them, but they shall not turn to them, but they shall come to the land.
13: 23 And he spoke to Elephar, saying, Behold, I am in the ear of the people of the land, saying unto him, Behold, thou shalt not hear, thou shalt not hear, but I will not give thee the breadth of the field, nor the bread of me, and I will bury the dead.
14: 23 And the people of Aphrodite, the son of Abraham, were destroyed;
15: 23 Adonai, I heard the voice of the people of Israel, and I will fight with you, and I will bring you the sword of the sword, so that I will be able to give it to you, and I will bring you to you.
16: 23 Ism֣a Abrhm֮ Al-afron֒ and Isk֤l Abrhm֙ Lafr֔n At-hc֕sf As֥r Db֖r Bazn֣i Bni-h֑t Arb֤a Maot֙ S֣kl C֔sf Ab֖r Lshֽr:
17: 23 I֣km | Sd֣h Afr֗on Asr֙ Bmcfl֔h As֖r Lfn֣i Mmr֑a Hsdh֙ and Hmar֣h Asr-b֔o and Cl-hatz֙ As֣r Bsd֔h As֥r Bcl-gbl֖o Sbֽib:
18: 23 And to Abraham, where are they, that is, to the house of the children of the land, in the midst of them, in the midst of them?
19: 23 And after that, when the servant of Abraham was married, she married his wife, to the west of the city, where the king of Israel was lying, saying, "On the face of me, I will not be afraid, but I will not be angry with you in the land of Canaan."
20:23 And the LORD rose up, the land of the land, and the land of the land, which he gave unto his fathers, unto them, to Ahuzoth, the land of the tribe of Meath, the sons of Judah.
‪xxxx  Chapter 24   (67 verses)‬
1:24 And Abraham said unto them, Behold, behold, they are in the house, and they are not, and they are not, but they are the sons of Abraham, and they are the sons of Abraham.
2:24 And Abraham said unto his father, O servant of his servant, Behold, thou shalt be the son of the LORD, and he that is in the midst of all that is with him, let him go, and we will be with thee, for thy hand is not, and thou shalt be the LORD thy God.
3: 24 And I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
4:24 So, go to my land, and unto the children, thou shalt go out, and thou shalt take it: for it is not a woman, but a son;
5:24 And he said unto him, Behold, I will not go down to the house of my father, but I will not be thirsty: for I will go to the land of the LORD, and I will return to the land of the LORD, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
6:24 And he said unto him, Behold, I have spoken unto you, but it is not thy name, but thy name is thy name: for thou shalt give it to me;
7: 24 LORD | Alh֣i Hsm֗im As֨r Lkh֜ni Mb֣it Abi֮ and Ma֣rtz Mֽoldti֒ and As֨r Dbr-l֜i and As֤r Nֽsbֽa-li֙ Lam֔r Lz֨rac֔ At֖n At-ha֣rtz Hz֑at H֗oa Isl֤h Mlaco֙ Lfn֔ic and Lkht֥ As֛h Lbn֖i Msֽm:
8: 24 And if thou shalt not thirst, thou shalt be the wife of the wife, and I will not give thee another of thy wives: and thou shalt not be satisfied with the captivity of the LORD; and thou shalt bring up the children of the children of the children of Israel.
9:24 And it came to pass, that the people had given up the land, that they had given it to them, that they had given their inheritance to their fathers, but that their master had given it to him, and that he had given up his inheritance to the land of the LORD, even unto this land.
10: 24 And he took up the land of the tribe of Adhara, saying, "Behold, I am with you, I will go to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
11: 24 And the LORD said unto them, Behold, it is not the land of the land, but the light of the house of the people of the land, even unto the people of the land, even unto the people of the land.
12: 24 And the LORD said, O LORD, O God, I am the Lord of the earth, and the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe.
13: 24 Behold, I am with thee, that I may be scattered upon the clouds of the earth; and the sons of the women shall rise up: for the light is gone, and it shall come to them, that they may return from it.
14: 24 Hi֣h Hֽnar֗ As֨r Am֤r Al֙ih֙ Hti-n֤a Cdc֙ and Ast֔h and Amr֣h St֔h and Gm-gml֖ic Ask֑h At֤h Hc֙ht֙ Labdc֣ Litzh֔k and B֣h Ad֔a Ci-as֥it H֖sd Am-adnֽi:
15: 24 And he, behold, behold, he is a man of his own, and he is his wife, because he is the son of the king, and he is the son of the son of Malchah, because she is the wife of Noah, and she is afraid of her brother, and her father is their father, and her father is over her sheek.
16: 24 And the son of Na'ar, the son of Toba, saw that he saw the people of the tribe of Toledo, and the people of Israel, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the people of Israel, and they were filled with arms, as they had commanded them, and they came to them.
17: 24 And it is the desire of the people to come, to read it, and it is to be said: I am the one who is hungry, and I am not a little more than your hand.
18: 24 And Moses said to her, "Sir, I am with you, and you have become arrogant, and you have laid waste on your hands, and you have desired him."
19: 24 And thou shalt sow his ways, and thou shalt say unto them, Thou shalt not rejoice in thy face: but thou shalt not go astray, but thou shalt not be satisfied with them.
20: 24 And thou shalt not go down, and thou shalt bring down thy hand, unto the threshing-floor, and thou shalt not go down to the house of the son of Baher, to bring him forth, and bring up all his camels,
21: 24 And the man, who was married to him, gave to her another woman, because he was afraid of the LORD, because he was afraid of him, because the LORD was the LORD, and the LORD was his mother.
22:24 And he said, As for the men, that they were full of camels, and that the men had been consumed, and the man had taken a beating, and the man had given up his strength, and he had given up his shekel, and they had been burned down, and they were still standing on their hands, for they were ten thousand.
23:24 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt be my father, and I will come unto thee, and behold, the house of thy father shall be with thee;
24:24 And I said unto him, Behold, I am the daughter of the daughter of the king: I am the son of Malchah, because she is a child, and she is a son of Noah.
25:24 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not dwell; even thou shalt not dwell with them; but they shall be with us, even with them;
26: 24 And the captain of the tribe went up and took his wife to his house;
27: 24 I֗amr Br֤oc Ihoh֙ Alhi֙ Adn֣i Abrh֔m A֠sr Lֽa-az֥b Hsd֛o and Amt֖o Ma֣m Adn֑i Anc֗i Bd֙rc֙ Nh֣ni Iho֔h B֖it Ah֥i Adnֽi:
28: 24 And thou shalt hasten thyself, and he shall not be angry; and he shall glorify him, and he shall be with him, and his mother shall be his father.
29: 24 And he blessed her, and his wife, and his wife, were married to him, and they came to the land of Laban, and they were not to the man of the land, and they came to the land of Elijah.
30: 24 Ih֣i | Cra֣t At-hn֗zm and ֽat-htzmdim֮ Al-id֣i Ahto֒ and Csma֗o At-dbr֞i Rbk֤h Ahto֙ Lam֔r Cֽh-db֥r Al֖i Ha֑is and Iba֙ Al-ha֔is and Hn֛h Am֥d Al-hgml֖im Al-haֽin:
31: 24 And he said unto him, Behold, the LORD thy God is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
32: 24 And the man came, and he gave him bread, and he gave them bread to the soldiers, and they brought them to the oven, and they poured them out: they were full of bread, and there was no bread, and there was no bread, and there was no bread, but the man was gone.
33: 24 And he delivered them, and he put them before his face, to eat, and he said unto him, Lo, thou shalt not eat, but if thou shalt bring me forth, thou shalt speak unto me;
34: 24 And he said unto them, I will make a covenant with my father, but I will not be with thee.
35: 24 And he, behold, he blessed you, Adonai, from Aamad, and Gedaliah, and he gave to him, and they went out to him, and came to them, and they went to the gate, and Zabab, and Abedam, and Shaphan, and Gammel, and Naham, and Naham.
36: 24 And the seed of Sarah was given to him, that she was a master of the children of Israel, because he was born to him, and he went to the house of the children of Israel, and he gave birth to him, and he gave him his inheritance, and he gave it to him all that was for him.
37: 24 And I will be ashamed of myself, and I will be steadfast. Amen, I will not be able to marry you, but I will not be with you.
38: 24 And if thou shalt go unto the house of the Father, then shall thou go up to the house of the Father, and thou shalt take it, and I will bring it to her son.
39: 24 And he said unto Edon, Behold, O nation, thou shalt not go after the wife;
40: 24 I֖amr Al֑i Iho֞h Asr-hthl֣cti Lfn֗io Isl֨h Mlac֤o Atc֙ and Htzl֣ih Drc֔c and Lkht֤ Ash֙ Lbn֔i Mmsfht֖i and Mb֥it Abֽi:
41: 24 Wherefore, thou shalt give up the bread of the children of Israel, because it is not a tabernacle, but the people of the tribe of Israel, and if not, they shall give us food, and you, and you shall be cleansed from me.
42: 24 And Abo the son of Israel, and the Ammonite, the LORD, is the LORD, O God, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Savior, the Father, the Son, the Son, the Son, the Son, the Son, the Son, and the Son.
43: 24 Behold, I am with thee, and I will not be able to return to the land of the land. And behold, it is the valley of the wilderness, that is, the land, that is, the land, and the land, and I say unto you, Behold, the land of the land is not of me, nor of the land of thy land.
44: 24 And he said unto me, Behold, thou art full of it, and thou shalt not cause them to be filled with thee: thou shalt bring it forth: for it is the wife of the woman, that is, the wife of the LORD, the son of Adonai.
45: 24 I will not give up the vineyard, but I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
46: 24 And thou shalt be afraid, and thou shalt be afraid of thy hand; and it shall be done to thee, and thou shalt be satisfied with it, and it shall be with thee, and I will give it to thee, and I will give it to thee.
47: 24 And he brought up the daughter of Meath, and said to Beth-Mathew, "Behold, thou hast said, the daughter of Bethuel: son of Nahar, that is the name of Asher, the son of Noah, and the son of Noah,
48: 24 And he went up and took his wife out of the house of the LORD, and he gave you the LORD, and he said unto him, Lord, I am the LORD, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will not be with you.
49: 24 And when did they, when they were done, made a covenant with them, and they took Edon away, and they brought him to him, and he did not come, and brought him to him, and he turned his face upon him, and his eyes were not on his face.
50: 24 And Laban came to Laban, and he came to the house, and he said unto him, Behold, there is no god but God, that is, the son of the LORD, that is, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord.
51: 24 Behold, thou shalt bless thee, before thy face, and thou shalt be blessed; and behold, I am married, and thou shalt not see thy son, because thou art wicked, but the LORD thy God.
52: 24 And he came to me, as if the people had gone astray before their fathers, yet they had spoken their words, and they had taken him away from the land of Israel,
53: 24 And they took the things that were all over them, and all the gold, and they were great, and they gave them bread, and they gave them bread, and they gave them to their brethren, and to the mother of them.
54: 24 And he was consumed, and his wife was with him, and his men were with him, and they came to him, and they came to him in the morning, and he said, 'Send me, and I will go to the land of my flock.'
55: 24 And he said to his brother, Behold, thou shalt surely be satisfied with the LORD;
56: 24 And he said unto them, Come unto me, come to me, and come unto me, and behold him: behold, thou shalt be glad, and I will come to thee, and I will come unto thee, and I will come unto thee.
57: 24 And he said unto him, Behold, I will come down to thee, and I will not go down to thee, and thou shalt bring up her lips.
58: 24 And he cried unto him, and he rebuked him: and he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt go away with the people of this land, and say unto thy God.
59: 24 And it came to pass, that they brought forth their wives, and their men, and their wives, and their men, and their men.
60: 24 And they blessed Rebekah, and they said to him, "Behold, you have married us, and you have been married to him, and you have not turned away from him, and you shall not be afraid of him."
61: 24 And thou shalt multiply, and rebuke thee: and thou shalt raise up her, and thou shalt bless the children of the children of Gambel; and thou shalt go to the house of the king, and he shall be ashamed of them; and he shall bring the sword to the ground, and it shall be upon thee.
62: 24 And Isaac laughed, and said, "Behold, I will come to you, and I will see you, and I will see you, and I will see you."
63: 24 And he gave up his strength, and gave him bread in the field, before he turned away from him, and his eyes were turned away, and he saw him, and he saw her, and they were full of bread.
64: 24 And thou shalt bring up the dust, and thou shalt bring up the eyes of it: and thou shalt bring up the fire, and it shall be poured out of the furnace of the threshing floor.
65: 24 And he said unto him, 'Behold, thou shalt not go down to the land of the threshing-floor; for this is the law of the land, that ye shall see it, and it shall come to pass, and it shall be done, and it shall be said,' Behold, I will be with you, and I will be with you.
66: 24 And he gave up all the things that were done to Isaac, and he gave up all the things of the LORD, but he did not do as he did.
67: 24 And he came to him, and he made him laugh; and he came to him, saying, Surely he was his mother, and he took away his wife, and he gave him bread to his wife, and he loved her, and he brought them to death.
‪xxxx  Chapter 25   (34 verses)‬
1: 25 And the sword of their father was upon them, and he took up his wife's wife, and her name was shut up.
2: 25 And he gave birth to Zaman, the captain, and the tribe of Zachan, and the Midianites, and the Midianites, and the Levites, the Zachites, and the Zachites of Sihuah.
3: 25 And he begged them, saying, I will bring back the captives, and the children of Israel, and they will build the children of Israel, and they will be destroyed, and they will be destroyed, and they will be destroyed, and they will be destroyed.
4: 25 And the children of Mehdi, the son of Aipah, the son of Ephraim, and the father of the children of Israel, and the father of Israel, all the children of Israel, the children of Keturah.
5:25 And they said, I will speak to them all, but all that they will give to Yitzchok.
6: 25 And the sons of the children, the children of the children of Israel, were married to them, but they were not numbered, but they were not, but they were not, but they were not. And they were not, but they were not.
7: 25 And I will make it to you, and I will give it to them, and I will give it to them, and I will give it to them.
8: 25 And Geagea came, and he said unto them, I will speak to them, but they shall return to them, and they shall return to them, and they shall return to them, and they shall return to their land, and they shall return to their people.
9: 25 And he came to him, and brought him to his place: and Isaac, and Yishmael, reigned in his place, and went up to the west, and the captain of the tribe went to the land of Adonah, the son of Zachar, and the son of Hatham, the son of Zerah;
10: 25 And the sheep, which are as they were, are the fathers of them; they are the sons of the children of the sea; they are the ones who have been buried; their fathers have been destroyed, and their flesh is the wife of his wives.
11: 25 And there was another man after them, saying, I am their father, when they were not, and God blessed you, and he brought his son Isaac into the house, and he returned, and he returned to Yitzchok with the son of Lazarus.
12: 25 And I will give birth to him, the child of Israel, the son of her father, but the woman of Israel, the child of Hagar, the mighty of Nazareth, of Shephah, the wife of Sarah, and of her father Abraham.
13: 25 And these are the names of the children of Israel; they shall be filled with guilt in their souls, because they are born in the midst of the children of Israel, but they are the sons of the children of Israel, and they are holy, and their fathers are in them, and they are ashamed of them.
14: 25 And he went astray, and went astray, and went astray.
15: 25 And he went out, and hid them; and the people of Nephthysheth fell silent.
16: 25 But, behold, they are sons of Israel, and Yishmael is a servant; and they have given them their name in the midst of their fortresses, and they have made their fire, but they have done two things, and they have given them to their nations.
17: 25 And his two years were alive, and he was afraid of him, because of the time of his life, and of the three hundred years of his life, and that he had lost his cause, and he was angry, and he was afraid, and he was dead, and he was crucified with his people.
18: 25 And he dwelt among the men of the tribe of Zechariah, who was about to go down into the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of the land of the land of all the nations of the world.
19: 25 And it came to pass, that it was born, that Isaac the son of Abraham spoke to them, but they said to them, Behold, thou shalt bring the fire away.
20:25 And there was a son of Isaac, Isaac, son of Arba'e, who was married to him, and brought him to the house of Rebekah, daughter of Bethuel: they were young, and they were raised up, and they were gone, and they were still in the house, and they were afraid of them, and they were not.
21: 25 And Zerah, the son of Zerach, came to Leah, his wife, and his wife, because of his wife, because he was stubborn; he was afraid of him; and he turned away from him, and said to him, O Jehovah, I am the LORD, and thou shalt glorify thy neighbor, because thou hast kept his wives.
22: 25 And the sons of the sons of the tribe of Zechariah came to him, and said to them, "So, how are you? Why are you not answering me, and I am going to visit you?"
23: 25 And the Lord said unto him, Behold, I am the LORD, and I am the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the Universe.
24: 25 And he was full of them, and they came to her, and to her, and to her, she was with them, and they were not in her belly.
25: 25 And he gave the first time, and he went to Edmon, and he came to him, as if he were a young man, and he called his name, and his name was he that did it.
26: 25 And after that he had lost his hand, and he was with him, and his brother, and his sons, and his sons, and his sons, and the sons of Shesh;
27: 25 And the children of Gedaliah, the children of Henaar, went up, and there was no one, but Esau, a man of valor, a man of valor, a man of valor, and a captain of the tribe of Anas, the captain of the tribe of Anas.
28: 25 And Jehob, the son of Isaac, made his people strong: for he was in the house, and blessed him, and he brought them to the house of Jacob.
29: 25 And the hand of Jacob came to him, and he gave birth to him, and he came to him, and he made him go out of the land, and behold, he was not with me.
And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not be afraid; but the LORD hath given it to me: and it is not in the name of the Lord, nor in the name of the Lord;
31: 25 And he said, YA'AKOBI, I am with you, and I am with you, so that I may bring you to your house.
32: 25 And he said, As we do, behold, I am your son, and I will go to you for your motherhood, and for what shall I do to her in her land?
33: 25 And Jacob said to Jacob, "Behold, I will bring you to my house, because I will return to you, and I will return to his land, and he will bring down the land of his land to Jacob."
34: 25 And Jacob was angry with them, and they did not go to the house of Hamam, nor was the son of Adash, yet he was consumed, and he was with him, and he was destroyed, and he came to you, and he came to the land of Azzam, and brought the land of BaKorah to the land.
‪xxxx  Chapter 26   (35 verses)‬
1: 26 And there was a starving man, who was in the midst of the land of the Lord, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Son of God.
And he said unto him, Behold, O Jehovah, I will say unto thee, Thou shalt not rejoice in Egypt: for they have been in the land, which is not, but thy God is with thee.
3: 26 G֚or Ba֣rtz Hz֔at and Aֽhi֥h Amc֖ and Abrc֑c Cֽi-lc֣ and ֽlzrac֗ Atn֙ At-cl-hֽartz֣t Ha֔l and Hkֽmti֙ At-hsba֔h As֥r Nsb֖ati Labrh֥m Abֽic:
4: 26 And I will multiply thee, the seed of thy seed, as it cometh unto the heavens, and it shall be given to thy seed: for all the earth shall be full, and it shall come to pass, and thou shalt bless thy seed in thy seed, as it is done, even as it is, it is the seed of the earth.
5: 26 And he that cometh unto them shall go down with them, but they shall not be in the calamity: and they shall keep their guardians, and they shall be saved.
6:26 26 And he returned to Yitzchok, and begged,
7: 26 and ֽisal֞o Ans֤i Hmkom֙ Last֔o and I֖amr Ah֣ti H֑oa C֤i Ira֙ Lam֣r Ast֔i Fn-iֽhrg֜ni Ans֤i Hmkom֙ Al-rbk֔h Cֽi-tob֥t Mra֖h Hֽia:
8: 26 and Ih֗i C֣i Aֽrco-l֥o Sm֙ Him֔im and Isk֗f Abim֙lc֙ M֣lc Flst֔im Ba֖d Hֽhl֑on and I֗ra and Hn֤h Itzhk֙ Mtzh֔k A֖t Rbk֥h Astֽo:
9: 26 and Ikr֨a Abim֜lc Litzh֗k and I֙amr֙ A֣c Hn֤h Astc֙ H֔oa and A֥ic Am֖rt Ah֣ti H֑oa and I֤amr Alio֙ Itzh֔k C֣i Am֔rti Fn-am֖ot Alֽih:
10:26 And Abraham said to Abram, Why are you not doing that? Do not let the people go down, because there is little that will bring you back to the people, but I will bring your wife to you, and you will come to us.
11: 26 And Abimele commanded him to go all the way, saying to him that the man was angry with this man, and this was his wife;
12: 26 And Zeraih came to Isaac in the midst of this land, and he took the time of his life, and this is what he had given him, so that he might be afraid, and he blessed him.
13: 26 And the man was ashamed, and he went down, and went down, and went astray, because he was afraid of them;
14: 26 And he, behold, he was born of the flock of sheep, and he was brought to him, and he was born, and his servants were servants, and he was great, and he was jealous of him, but his wife was weak.
15: 26 And all the sons of Asher, the sons of Hafar, the servants of Abed, the father of Abi, the son of Abraham, the father of them, the father of them, the father of the children of Israel, the father of the children of Israel, and the king of the land of Israel.
16:26 And Abimele said, I will go unto thee, and I will bring thee forth: for thou art not with me;
17: 26 And he led them to make a mockery of Isaac, and the son of the son of Gilead came to Gerar, and he returned to captivate them.
18: 26 I֨sb Itzh֜k and Ihf֣r | At-bar֣t Hm֗im As֤r Hֽfro֙ Bimi֙ Abrh֣m Ab֔io and Istm֣om Flst֔im Ahr֖i M֣ot Abrh֑m and Ikr֤a Lhn֙ Sm֔ot Csm֕t Asr-kr֥a Lh֖n Abֽio:
19:26 26 And Job became a servant, and the sons of Isaac came to them, and began to find their own ways, and they did not live in their land.
20:26 And he was angry with the LORD; he was angry with the people of the wicked; he was victorious, and he believed in them; and he came to them, and he came to them, and he came to them, and he did not bring them into the land, but he took away his wife, so that he could not go out with his people.
21: 26 And when he was ashamed, he was in the house of his father, and his father, and his father, and his people, and he came to him, and his name was not his commandment.
22: 26 And he gave them up their strength, and he became ignorant in the midst of the greatness of his strength, and he did not multiply, and overcame him, and he rose up, and his name was not so high, and he said to him, "Behold, I will give you the wind, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, our God, and our people."
23: 26 And he went out of their way in the midst of the wilderness of Sibba.
24: 26 Ir֨a Al֤io Ihoh֙ Bl֣ilh Hh֔oa and I֕amr Anc֕i Alh֖i Abrh֣m Ab֑ic Al-tira֙ Cֽi-atc֣ An֔ci and Bֽrct֙ic֙ and Hrbit֣i Aֽt-zrac֔ Bab֖or Abrh֥m Abdֽi:
25: 26 And the sons of Shesh, the sons of Zabar, and Jehu, were called in because of them, O Jehovah, and they went astray, and they came to him, and they remembered them, that they were servants of the children of Isaac.
26:26 And Abimelech sent thee unto him, unto him that was mighty, and of greatness, and of the mighty, and of him, and of him, and of him, and of the flesh of his host.
27: 26 And the Lord said unto them, It shall come to pass, that it shall come to pass, that you shall come to them, but to them, and to you, that you have hated them, but they have not come, and you have turned away from me, and you have not received them.
28: 26 And he said, See, see, see us, see us: for, behold, the LORD is with thee, O LORD, O LORD, be with thee, O son of Abraham, say unto us, Behold, our children are with us, and between us, and between thee, and thou shalt acknowledge him, and be fruitful with thy people.
29: 26 If thou didst commit adultery with us, when it is evil, behold, it is not your anger, nor thy iniquity, nor because of thy wickedness, but do it with thy people, and thou shalt not be satisfied with it, and thou shalt bring it to death, because thou hast gone astray;
30: 26 And they did their work to them, and it was there that they were satisfied, and they were consumed, and they were filled with it.
31: 26 And he gave up his father in the house of the grave, and he was satisfied: but the man was not satisfied with his brother, and sent them away, to make him laugh, and to take him away from him in his own way.
32: 26 And he said, "Behold, they are the servants of the people of Israel, and they are the sons of Israel." 32: 26 And he said to them, "Behold, I will be with you, and I will go to the house of the LORD."
33: 26 And he came to the house, and brought it to him, and he returned to the land, so that the name of the city was there, in the place of the land of the tribe of Baaba, because it was the land of the land of the land.
34: 26 And Yishai was Esau, the son of Arba'e, who was the son of Arba, the wife of Judah, and the wife of Jehoiath, the daughter of Bareth, the daughter of Hatham, and of the daughter of Eilon, of Hathath, and of Hatham.
35: 26 And there came to me a list of the names of the men of the house of the king, and of the land of the land, and of the mountains.
‪xxxx  Chapter 27   (46 verses)‬
1: 27 And it came to pass, that there was no need for them to be ashamed, and that they had given their eyes to him, seeing that he had seen it, and he had seen the people of the house, and the LORD had said to him, "Behold, I am with you, and I will say to him, 'Behold, I will be with you.'"
2:27 And he said, Behold, we are not, but thou hast given me no help;
3:27 And when we came, we were not all your own, but Thy hands went down, and your countenance came, and the land went forth, and the land of the land was there.
4: 27 And he did as he did to me, and he did not go down to the house, but as a fire, and he brought it to me, and brought it to me, and came to me, and went to the house of the LORD, and blessed you, so that I could not escape.
5:27 And he blessed him, saying, When the LORD spoke to him, he laughed, and cried unto his servants, saying, Behold, your servant has done unto thee the land of the land, and the people of Zion shall come to them.
6: 27 And I will bring you up to the house of Amalek, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
7: 27 Behold, I will bring you to Zion, and do as I do, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you before you.
8: 27 And when she came to me, she made a noise to my voice, to the woman that I was, and I commanded you to come.
9: 27 Let us go to the thorns, and to them, to the thorns, and to the thorns, to the thine, and to the thine, and to the thine, and to the thine;
10: 27 And thou shalt bring unto thy father thy bread, and eat it in the midst of the furnace, for as thy seed shall be blessed, it shall be for him:
11:27 27 And Jacob said unto Jacob, Behold, his mother is his wife: for he hath done this, my brother, and he hath died, and there is no man, that is, and he is awake, and the sons of Israel;
12: 27 Ullah, I am ashamed of you, and I am with you, and my father is with me, and I am with you in his sight, so that I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you in your land.
13: 27 And he said unto him, Behold, I am with thee, and upon him is thy curse, but in thy presence, I will come unto thee, that I may go in the voice of my voice, and I will not cause thee to be unclean.
14: 27 And he took his wife, and he gave him bread, and he gave it to his mother, and his mother made him a burden, and he was not like a woman, because his father was angry with him.
15: 27 And he took up his hand, and brought him to the house of Gedaliah, and he made him the son of the great God, the son of Hamam, the son of Hamath, the son of Hamam, the son of Ahad, the son of Ahad, the son of David.
16: 27 And the four young men were mighty; they were the children of the goats; they were the children of Judah, because of his children, his children, and his family, and his descendants, and his descendants.
17: 27 And you shall bring the meat of the bread, and the bread of the bread, as it was done in the bread of Jacob.
18: 27 And he brought his father unto him, and said, Father, be it, and say, Behold, we are not from thee, but thou art with me.
19: 27 I֨amr Iak֜b Al-ab֗io Anci֙ As֣o Bcr֔c As֕iti Cas֥r Db֖rt Al֑i Kֽom-n֣a Sb֗h and Aclh֙ Mtzid֔i Bab֖or Tbrc֥ni Nfsֽc:
20:27 27 And he said, "I will laugh, I will go to him, and he will be born to him." "What is your name?" He said to him, "Behold, I will see you." He said, "Behold, the LORD will not come to you, O LORD, for God is your God before us."
21: 27 And he said, I will laugh, and I will come to you, O Jacob, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
22: 27 And Jake came to Jacob, and brought him to Isaac, and his father was not satisfied, and he was filled with him, and he said to him, The voice of the children of Jacob, and the children of Israel;
23: 27 And he did not know his words, because he said, "Behold, he is his hands, his hands are in his hands, and he is doing his duty."
24: 27 And he said unto him, Behold, Zechariah is his son, but he hath done what he hath done. And he said, I am not my son.
25: 27 And he said to Haggash, "Come to me, and I will be with you, and I will go to your house, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will come to you."
26: 27 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt be victorious, and the father of his father shall not be satisfied, neither shall he be a drinker, nor a son of Benjamin.
27: 27 And he came and took his hand, and he took him away, and brought him to the house of his children, and he rebuked him, and said unto him, Behold, thou shalt see the house of Yahweh in the midst of it, as though it is the land of the land of the land. Asher, the son of Aaron, hath blessed him.
28: 27 And your Lord, may God have mercy on you, has given birth to the Lord of the heavens, and they have been saved.
29: 27 Iֽabd֣oc Am֗im * and worshiped ** and Iֽstho֤o [a] Lc֙ Lam֔im Ho֤h Gbir֙ Lah֔ic and Istho֥o [1] Lc֖ Bn֣i Am֑c Arr֣ic Ar֔or and ֽmbrc֖ic Brֽoc:
30: 27 And it came to pass, that as it was, that all the children of Israel were laughing, and he was afraid of him, and he was afraid of him, and he was afraid of him, and he was afraid of him, and he was afraid of him, and he was afraid of him.
31: 27 And he went to the gate of the gate, and brought it to his father, and he said to his father, "My father is full of them, and he will not eat." He said to him, "Behold, I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will not be afraid of you."
32: 27 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt bring up thy father, and bring him out of me: and thou shalt say, I am not thy son, but in thy neighbor, they have done it.
33: 27 Ihr֨d Itzh֣k Hrdh֮ Gdl֣h Ad-mad֒ and I֡amr Mֽi-af֡oa H֣oa Htzֽd-tzid֩ and I֨ba L֜i and Ac֥l Mc֛l Bt֥rm Tb֖oa and Abrc֑ho Gm-br֖oc Ihiֽh:
34: 27 When he did his word, he said to him, "Do not be angry, I will not give him up!" And he cried, and cried, "Come up, great!" He said, "And he said to him," I am saying to his father, "Behold, I am with you, even though I am with you."
35: 27 And he said, Behold, thy brother is in thy vineyard, and he hath blessed thee with thy blessing.
36: 27 I֡amr Hci֩ Kr֨a Sm֜o Iak֗b and ֽiakb֙ni֙ Z֣h Fam֔im At-bcrt֣i Lk֔h and Hn֥h At֖h Lk֣h Brct֑i and Iam֕r Hla-atz֥lt L֖i Brcֽh:
37: 27 I֨an Itzh֜k and I֣amr Las֗o H֣n Gb֞ir Smt֥io Lc֙ and At-cl-ah֗io Nt֤ti Lo֙ Labd֔im and Dg֥n and Tir֖s Smct֑io and Lc֣h Af֔oa M֥h Aֽas֖h Bnֽi:
38: 27 And he said, "Do not do this to your father, for he is your father, for he is your father, for he is your father, for he is my father, for I am with you, and my father is with me, and my father is with me."
39: 27 And he gave up his strength, and his father gave him strength, and he said to him, "Behold, he is the one who is faithful to him." He said, "Behold, I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you from heaven."
40: 27 And unto thy neighbor, thou shalt bring forth thy life, and thy brother, thou shalt worship him: and thou shalt be as a thorn, and thou shalt be vain, and thou shalt not lift up his burdens;
41: 27 Ist֤m Aso֙ Aֽt-iak֔b Al-h֨brc֔h As֥r Brc֖o Ab֑io and I֨amr As֜o Blb֗o Ikrbo֙ Imi֙ A֣bl Ab֔i and Aֽhrg֖h At-iak֥b Ahֽi:
42: 27 Ig֣d Lrbk֔h At-dbr֥i As֖o Bn֣h Hgd֑l and Tsl֞h and Tkr֤a Liakb֙ Bn֣h Hkt֔n and T֣amr Al֔io Hnh֙ As֣o Ah֔ic Mtnh֥m Lc֖ Lhrgֽc:
43: 27 And when it came to me, it was dark, so that I could hear the voice of your heart; and I said to you in the spirit of your heart, Come to my heart, and I will not be afraid.
44: 27 And thou shalt dwell with him, and he shall be with him: yea, ye shall be united, and he shall be gone, and thou shalt not be afraid;
45: 27 Howbeit your father, your brother, is more important than you, and I have forgotten you, but you have done so, and I have sent you away, and have taken you out of their midst, so that they may not be put to shame.
46:27 And Rebekah said unto Rebekah, Come, I will not go to the house; and I will bring you to the house of the children of Israel, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
‪xxxx  Chapter 28   (22 verses)‬
1: 28 And he came to Isaac, and he gave him up to Jacob, and he gave him his inheritance, and he commanded him, and he said unto him, And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not give up the wife of her son, because of the children of the children of Canaan.
2: 28 And when the Lord of the worlds came to you, he said unto them, Behold, I will come unto thee, and I will not be with thee: for I am thy mother, and I will take thee: for there is a woman;
3: 28 And my breasts shall be filled, and thy servants shall be blessed, and thy seed shall be great, and thy multitude shall multiply, and it shall be with the people.
4: 28 And your son gave you the blessing of your father, because they are yours, and your lord is yours, and you have come to inherit your land, and you have given up the land of your mighty people, which God has given to you for your father's sake.
5: 28 And it came to pass, that Isaac laughed, and he went down to Jacob, and his father went away, and he went to the house of Laban, because he was the son of Bethuel: he was the son of the daughter of Thabet;
6: 28 I֣ra As֗o Cֽi-br֣c Itzhk֮ Aֽt-iakb֒ and Sl֤h Ato֙ Fd֣nֽh Ar֔m Lkֽht-l֥o Ms֖m As֑h Bbrc֣o At֔o and Itz֤o Alio֙ Lam֔r Lֽa-tk֥h As֖h Mbn֥ot Cnֽan:
7: 28 And Isaac went to Jacob, to his father, and to him, and to his mother, and he went to you, and he went to them, and he saw them.
8: 28 And he saw that he had done evil, because evil had come upon us, and they were not in the sight of us, but in his eyes, his father was afraid.
9: 28 And your servant went out to him, and heard the voice of the LORD, and he brought it to the house of the children of the tribe of Jesham, the son of Abrah, the son of Abraham, and the sons of Naboth, the wives of Manasseh, and of the tribe of Levi, Esau,
10: 28 And he gave up Jacob, saying, "Behold, there is a scepter, and it is your inheritance."
11: 28 And he came to Bamam, and he was there, and there he was, because he was the sixth of the sixth month, and he took the children out of the house, and he took them away from them, and he took them out of his house, and his wife went out, and he fell down in the midst of them.
12: 28 And the children of Israel were there, and the people of Solomon were there, and the people of the land of Israel, the inhabitants of the land, and the people of the land, and the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land.
13: 28 Hn֨h Iho֜h Ntz֣b Alio֮ and Iamr֒ An֣i Iho֗h Alhi֙ Abrh֣m Ab֔ic and Alh֖i Itzh֑k Ha֗rtz As֤r Ath֙ Sc֣b Al֔ih Lc֥ Atn֖nh and Lzraֽc:
14: 28 And behold, thy righteousness is like the furnace of the earth, and thou shalt go forth, and it shall be full of water, and we shall go forth, and we shall turn away, and we shall rebuke thee, and all the multitude of the land shall be in the land of the earth, and it shall be in thy seed.
15: 28 Hn֨h Anc֜i Am֗c and Smrt֙ic֙ Bc֣l Asr-tl֔c and Hs֣bt֔ic Al-hadm֖h Hz֑at C֚i L֣a Aֽazbc֔ A֚d As֣r Am-as֔iti A֥t Asr-db֖rti Lֽc:
16: 28 And Yacob made Jacob his servant, and he said to him, "Behold, I am going to die, O Jehovah, I am with you, and this is my nation, and this is my nation."
17: 28 And he was afraid, and he said unto him, What is this man? And this is the place of death, and this is the land, and it is not the land of the earth, and it is the land of the earth. 17:28 And when the mother of God came to him, and she returned to her, she went to the house of the LORD.
18: 28 And Jacob, the son of Jacob, gave birth to the son of Korach, and he took the son of the son of Asher, whose name was his wife, and his wife was his wife, and he brought him to her, and she gave her bread, and she gave her bread, which was on the head of her husband.
19: 28 And he called the people of the tribe of Shem-ha-Makom, the nation of Hatha, and called upon them, and they said unto them, Behold, there is the name of the people, that is, the chief of the children of Israel.
20: 28 Id֥r Iak֖b N֣dr Lam֑r Am-ihi֨h Alh֜im Amd֗i and Smr֙ni֙ Bd֤rc Hzh֙ As֣r Anc֣i Hol֔c and Nֽtn-l֥i L֛hm Lac֖l and B֥gd Llbֽs:
21: 28 And you shall dwell in my own flesh; for thou art not a father, but a father;
22: 28 And the son of the son of Zechariah, whose name was the name of the tribe of Moses, said, "Behold, the LORD is the God of all men, and all the people of Israel have been baptized, and the people of the land have not yet become rich."
‪xxxx  Chapter 29   (35 verses)‬
1: 29 And he brought the yoke of his feet to his feet, and he turned to you in the midst of the children of Kedem.
2: 29 I֞ra and Hn֧h Ba֣r Bsd֗h and Hnh-s֞m Sls֤h Adri-tzan֙ Rbtz֣im Al֔ih C֚i Mn-hba֣r Hh֔oa Isk֖o Hadr֑im and Ha֥bn Gdl֖h Al-f֥i Hbaֽr:
3: 29 And Nasepo-sama, the mother of all the children, went up, and exalted him, the son of Laban, and he turned away from him, so that he might come down to him, and bring him to the house of the Tzahan, and he that brought the son upon the house of the children of the land, to the place of the king.
4: 29 And he said unto them, Yea, the son of Jacob, is the son of Abraham, and the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham;
5: 29 And he said unto them, If ye know the heart, behold, the son of Nahor shall say, And he said, Behold, our hands are with us.
6: 29 And he said unto them, Behold, I will not go astray: for he said, and said unto him, Behold, he is unclean: and here is the spirit, and the daughter of his daughter, behold, she is with the children of the flock.
7: 29 And he said unto them, Behold, there is no more, but this is a great thing, and the Lord is not, and he is the one who is the one who is jealous, the one who is jealous;
8: 29 And they said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be consumed; for it is not a man; but they shall be gathered together; all things shall be done, and they shall be filled with bread. And they shall bring forth the seed of the children of the land.
9: 29 And the people of Mebarbar were with them, and the spirit of the flock was gone: the people were with the flock;
10: 29 Ih֡i Casr֩ Ra֨h Iak֜b At-rh֗l Bt-lbn֙ Ah֣i Am֔o and At-tz֥an Lb֖n Ah֣i Am֑o and Ig֣s Iak֗b and I֤gl At-ha֙bn֙ Mal֙ F֣i Hba֔r and I֕sk At-tz֥an Lb֖n Ah֥i Amֽo:
11: 29 And he gave the yoke of Jacob to the wind, and he took up his rod, and brought it to him, and he gave it to you.
12: 29 And Hagad the son of Jacob went up to Rehovot, because he was a brethren, and his father was the son of Rebekah, and he was a son of Rebekah, and the LORD was victorious, and he became proud of his father.
13: 29 Ihi֩ Csm֨a Lb֜n At-s֣ma | Iak֣b Bn-aht֗o and I֤rtz Lkrato֙ and Ihbk-lo֙ and Insk-l֔o and Ibia֖ho Al-bit֑o and Isf֣r Llb֔n A֥t Cl-hdbr֖im Haֽlh:
14: 29 And Moses said unto him, Behold, thou art not with me, but with me, and with flesh, and with me, and with me, I will return to the land, and I will return to the land.
15: 29 And he said to Laban, 'Shall I give you a favor, my servant?'
16: 29 And the sons of Israel, who had been married to the sons of Israel, were the greatest of them, the greatest of them was the LORD, and they were the least of them.
17: 29 And they looked to me, and I saw her, and blessed her, and she ran away, and she saw him, and he went away, and saw the sight of her.
18: 29 And Yahweh gave Jacob the wind, and he said unto him, Say, I will serve thee, that there shall be no wickedness in thy spirit, but thy daughter, behold, the little one,
19: 29 And he said to Laban, "Behold, I will be with you."
20: 29 And Abad the son of Jacob was in the midst of the sea, and the children of the tribe of Simeon were destroyed, and they were in his sight, even as they were, because they were not one in love, because they were their wives.
21: 29 And Jacob said unto Jacob, Son, thou shalt bear witness unto me, that ye may not be filled with wine, and that the father shall come to him, and he shall not come unto her.
22: 29 And Joseph gave to all the people of the land, and the land was destroyed, and the land thereof was filled with them.
23: 29 And he was in the midst of the multitude, and took his wife, his daughter, and brought him to him, and he brought him to him, and he brought them to her.
24: 29 And they gave the son a son, and he brought Zeppelin back to him, and his family was not forgiven, because he was his daughter.
25: 29 And he said, Behold, be thou cold, and behold it, it is not for him, and he shall say unto the heart, Behold, what is this thing that thou hast done unto me, that is, it is not in the wind, that thou hast brought me forth with thy people, and that it is not my vineyard?
26: 29 And he said to Laban, "Do not do so, for they are in the place of our sanctuary, and we will bring forth the youth, and they will return to us."
27: 29 And he said unto him, I will not return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
28: 29 And Jacob made Jacob a son, and he was there, and he was full of them; they returned to him, and he gave them to him, and gave him his spirit, and his daughter, his wives, and his wife,
29: 29 And they gave the son a son, and his daughter, his daughter, gave him his daughter-in-law, and his daughter-in-law was brought up to her because of his family.
30: 29 And when they came to the wind, they came to them, and the people of Gatham, the spirit of the LORD, went out with him, and went up with him, and they went up with them, and they returned to the land of the tribe of Simeon.
31: 29 And the LORD saw it, because it was a sign of the LORD's commandment, and he took away the spirit of the LORD.
32: 29 And thou shalt be afraid of the LORD, and he hath turned away from them, and he hath become bald, but he is not in his name, nor is he reproachful; for he is not worthy of the LORD, but he is the LORD, the LORD of the worlds, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the God of Israel.
33: 29 And thou shalt go up again, and thou shalt circumcise the son of the son, and say, Because the name of the name of the LORD hath been given to him: for I have not given it to thee: for I have given it to thee, and given it to me, even to him, and to him, and to his voice;
34: 29 And thou shalt surely go forth, and thou shalt worship the son of the son, and the people of the land shall go up, and the people of the land shall go forth: for I am my God, and I have come unto thee, that is, my children, and my children, to him, and to him, to him, to him, to the children of Israel;
35: 29 And the children of Israel went up against them, and the children of the tribe of Israel went on, saying, "This is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD!"
‪xxxx  Chapter 30   (43 verses)‬
1: 30 And you shall see the wind, and it shall be filled with water, and it shall not be filled with water, nor shall it be filled with water, nor shall it be consumed with water, but it shall be consumed with water, and it shall not be consumed.
2: 30 And the son of Aaron, the son of Joab, was born in the midst of the sea; and he said unto him, Behold, God hath given strength to me, so that I may not go down from thy mouth;
3: 30 And thou shalt say, Behold, thou art truthful: thou shalt not be afraid of him; and thou shalt be born upon thy knees; and her son shall not be with her.
4: 30 And thou shalt give it to him, that is, to him, to him, to his wife, and to him, and to him he shall come unto her.
5: 30 And the daughter of Baalah came to her and gave birth to Jacob, and they returned to them.
6: 30 And Rachel said unto Rachel, Behold, I am not God; and even the people of the people of Israel have been blessed; and they have been given to me, and they have been given to them so that they may be called.
7: 30 And the LORD gave them up, and gave birth to them, and they returned to them, so that the spirit of the LORD was restored to them.
8: 30 And he said, "The spirit of the spirit of Naphthol, is there a God?" He said, "You have given me a favor, and you have given me a favor, and you have come to me, and I will not be with you."
9: 30 And he looked to Leah, saying, "Behold, I am standing up to the house, and you have taken Zeppelin, and you have taken him away from him, and you have given them to me for the yoke,
10:30 And Zelda the son of Shaphat returned to Leah, to Jacob, and to Babaan.
11: 30 And the Lord said unto her, Behold, thou shalt be ashamed, and thou shalt not be satisfied.
12: 30 And Zelda the son of Zephath, the daughter of Zephah, the son of Leah, the son of Leah;
13: 30 And he said to Leah, "Behold, I will be ashamed, and I will be ashamed of you, and I will be lifted up, but I will not be with you."
14: 30 I֨lc Raob֜n Bim֣i Ktzir-ht֗im and Imtz֤a Dֽodaim֙ Bsd֔h and Ib֣a At֔m Al-la֖h Am֑o and T֤amr Rhl֙ Al-la֔h Tni-n֣a L֔i Mdoda֖i Bnֽc:
15: 30 T֣amr L֗h Hmat֙ Kht֣c At-ais֔i and Lk֕ht G֥m At-doda֖i Bn֑i and T֣amr Rh֗l Lcn֙ Isc֤b Amc֙ Hl֔ilh T֖ht Doda֥i Bnֽc:
16: 30 Ib֨a Iak֣b Mn-hsdh֮ Barb֒ and Ttz֨a La֜h Lkrat֗o and T֙amr֙ Al֣i Tb֔oa C֚i Sc֣r Scrt֔ic Bdoda֖i Bn֑i and Isc֥b Am֖h Bl֥ilh Hֽoa:
17: 30 And God sent to God, to God, to him, and to him, and to him, and to the children of Jacob, and to them they were five hundred.
18: 30 And I said unto Leah, Behold, God is the first thing that is drunk: for I have given the gladness of the LORD to the men, and to the men, and to the people of the land.
19: 30 And it came to pass, that there was another son, Leah, and the son of Shesh, the son of Levi, the son of Jacob. [1]
20: 30 And I said unto Leah, I am a servant; I am a God; and I am a God; and I have been married to him; and I have been blessed with him; and I have seen him, and he hath taken his name, and he hath taken his name.
21: 30 And Ahar, the son of Zelda, bowed down, and came to the house, and brought her up, and brought her to her house.
22: 30 And God blessed the spirit of the LORD, and he went astray, and said unto him, God is not afraid, and he hath given mercy to the LORD.
23: 30 And he said unto them, Thou shalt give birth unto them, and thou shalt say, Ascribe unto God, thou shalt not bring unto thy sword;
24: 30 And he saw the name of his name, saying, "Yossef, Amen!" He said, "Joseph, Joseph, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Son, the Son, the Son, and the Son."
25: 30 And behold, as a child, the son of Rachel smote the son of Joseph, and he said to Jacob, I pray thee unto my heart, behold, I will send thee, and I will come unto thee, unto the place of my kingdom, and unto the land of my life.
26: 30 Thou shalt take away the women, and the children: for I am not satisfied with thy servants, but thy servants are in the midst of them, and I am not with thee, because thou hast dealt with me, yet I have taken away the work of my servants.
27: 30 And Moses said unto him, Behold, if we are not, I will not be pleased with thee; for in thy eyes shall I come to thee, and I will be blessed, and I will bless thee, O LORD, in thy glory.
28: 30 And he said unto him, Thou shalt bring back thy righteousness, that is, above me, and thou shalt be satisfied.
29: 30 And I will say unto you, Behold, thou hast given up thy hand: thou hast done thy servant, and thy servant thy servant, and thou shalt not give it to thy wife;
30: 30 How little is there, that is, that is, I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength.
31: 30 And he said unto Moses, Behold, thou shalt not go back to Jacob, and thou shalt say unto Jacob, Thou shalt not give unto thee, that thou shalt not go, but thou shalt not do it.
32: 30 And the people of the tribe of Anzah, who were in the midst of the land of the land of Israel, were destroyed, because they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and all the people were there.
33: 30 Aֽnth-b֤i Tzdkti֙ Bi֣om Mh֔r Cֽi-tb֥oa Al-scr֖i Lfn֑ic C֣l Asr-ainno֩ Nk֨d and Tl֜oa Bֽaz֗im and Hom֙ Bcsb֔im Gn֥ob H֖oa Atֽi:
34: 30 And he said to Laban, "Behold, there is no god but God." "Behold, I will tell you your word."
35: 30 I֣sr Biom֩ Hh֨oa At-htis֜im Hֽakd֣im and Htla֗im and A֤t Cl-hֽazim֙ Hnkd֣ot and Htla֔t C֤l Asr-lbn֙ B֔o and Cl-h֖om Bcsb֑im and It֖n Bid-bnֽio:
36: 30 And he, having made a covenant with the women of the tribe of Yamim, was among them, and they did not receive the yoke of them, and the people of the tribe of Rehoboth saw the city of Laban.
37: 30 ויּֽקּֽקֽח-֣ל֣ו֣ו יעעקק֗֗ב מקקּ֥ל לִל לבב֛נ֛ה ל ל֖ח ו֣ל֣וזז ועעְר֑מ֑וןן [1] וייַפצצּ֤ל בל בה֙ה֙ן֙ן פְּּצּ֤ל֣ל֣ותה לבב֔נ֔ותת מחחֹשׂפ֙ב֙ה הללבב֔ב֔ן אשש֖֖֖ר עלל-ממּקֽלֽותת:
38: 30 And he brought the mackerel, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him.
39: 30 And the sons of Hazzam gave thanks to the maklulites, and the children of Tzahan, the ark of the tribe of Nekud, went up to Talaubah .:
40: 30 And the captives were the children of Jacob, and they were the children of the tribe of Anak, and all the children of Israel were in the midst of them, and they were in the midst of them, and they were in the midst of the generations, and they were in their hands, and they were not in their hands;
41: 30 And he was in the midst of all the nations, and the people of the tribe of Heshtah, and the children of the tribe of Yazek, brought down the makloth, to the west, and to Mizan, to Mizrahn, to Barahah, to Yahweh, to Nahman, to Makkah,
42: 30 And in the midst of the life of the flock, there is no god; and there is no god; and there is no fear, and there is no fear.
43: 30 And the sword of the serpent came forth from Meadow, and there was a loon of bread, and there was a great multitude, and the men of the tribes, the servants, and the servants, and the soldiers, and the soldiers, and the soldiers.
‪xxxx  Chapter 31   (54 verses)‬
1: 31 And he took the word of the son of Laban, the son of Laban, saying unto him, The son of Jacob, hath all the children of Abraham, and all the men of Israel, to the father of our fathers, and to the father of the father of the children of Israel, who did all these things?
2: 31 And Joara saw Jacob, and brought him up to Laban, and they were with her, but they were not with him, because they were not numbered of them;
3:31 And the Lord said, Yea, I will come unto thee, and thou shalt go forth, and go forth unto the house of thy father, and thy mother, and thy mother, and thy mother, and thy mother,
4: 31 And Jehoah, the son of Jacob, returned to the house of Korah, and he returned to Rehovot, and he came to the house of the tribe of El-Tzan.
5:31 And he said unto her, Behold, I see thee, I will not see thee;
6: 31 And you know, I know you, because I am in all my power. I have taken my father with thee.
7: 31 And I will bring you to the house of the LORD, and I will be with you in the midst of you, and I will give you the gift of your money. And I will do it with you, and I will give it to you.
8: 31 If so, let them be holy, they shall be holy; be ye, thy servants, and thy children; all the children of the flock shall be cleansed, and so shall they be, and the oxen shall die.
9: 31 And God sent up to God, and I brought them to Me, and I gave them to them, and they gave them to me.
10: 31 And there was a time when the people of Israel were burning up, and the people of Israel were not in their midst, but they were not in their midst, and they were against them, and the people of the people were there, and the people of the land were not in the land of the children of the tribe of Akeid, but they were not sanctified, and they were in Mordecai.
11: 31 And the Lord said unto him, I pray thee, O LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
12: 31 And he said, "We will not see your eyes, and see all the people of the world." "The people of the people of Israel are the people of the people of Israel, the people of the land of Israel, the people of the land, the people of the land, the people of the land, the people of the land, of the land of Israel."
13: 31 I am the God of the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the World.
14: 31 And Thaliah fled, and he came to him, and he rose up to him, and to him they said to him, Come, let us go, and we will go out, and we shall live in the midst of our fathers.
15: 31 Behold, I am not worthy of my knowledge, because we are ashamed of him, because he is not of his own accord, and he hath made food for himself, and he hath eaten up his cup of wine.
16: 31 When all this is done, which is as it is, the LORD hath given strength to our fathers, our children, our children, our children, and all of us, all of us, as men, and not men, but God is the God, and your God is your servant.
17: 31 And Jacob rose up to Jacob, and brought his son, his children, and his men, and his children to the ground.
18: 31 And he took away all his possessions and all his possessions, and he was as merciful as he was, so that he was able to buy them, so that he might be able to buy them.
19: 31 And it was clear to him that he was angry with him, and that he was angry with him, and he glorified the spirit of the fire, and he burned it up, and he gave it to his father.
20:13 And Hagon, the son of Jacob, rebuked the children of Laban, and he raised up the land of Baalai, and Haggid, to him, and to him, so that he could see the land of Judah.
21: 31 And He created it, and it was all that he had, and he rose up, and brought the fire to the ground, and he brought the face of it to the ground, and brought it to the valley.
22: 31 And it came to pass to Labab, that the son of Levi was three hundred years: for the son of Abraham was the son of Jacob.
23: 31 And he took his brothers with him, and he went down after him, after he was seven years old, and he gave him his bread, and he gave his bread in the house of the Gilead.
24: 31 And the LORD said unto them, Come to the heart of the LORD, for he is not the LORD, for he is in the midst of them: behold, he is the LORD, and he is saying unto him, Behold, I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength.
25: 31 And he took up his heart, and he brought it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him.
26: 31 And the son of Laban said to Jacob, "Behold, I will do it, and I will not steal the heart." And the sons of the sons of the sons of the children of Israel,
27: 31 And when the people of Judah came to them, they came to them, and they rebelled against them, and the Haggadah came to them, and they did not turn away from you, because they were pleased with them, and they were pleased with them, and they were in their midst.
28: 31 And you shall not be ashamed of me, for I will give the son of the son of Isaac to the children of Israel, and to the sons of the children: for I will give you strength.
29: 31 Is there a way for your children to go to work with you, because they are not satisfied, and I am asking you, O Lord, that I may return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
30: 31 And when thou hast come down, thou shalt not go down, because thou shalt not perish, but thou shalt not perish unto thy father, but thy father, why art thou a son of God?
31:31 And Joan said to Jacob, "Behold, I am saying to my heart, 17 that I will be afraid of you, for I will not see you, but I will bring you the children of your children from Me."
32: 31 But when I saw that I was thirsty, I brought your God to you, and he did not go back to me, and he gave me the gift of the LORD. He said to you, "Behold, I will return to you." He said to him, "Your servant, your lord, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father and your son."
33:31 And Abba the son of Laban came to him, and he came to Jacob, and he came to him, saying, "Behold, I am the mother of the mother." And he came to him, and he came out, and came out, and he came out, and said unto them, Come, and come, and bring them forth;
34: 31 And it was a wind, and he took it, and took the threshing floor, and made them in the furnace of the threshing floor, and it came to pass on them that were high on them, and it came to pass, that it was white, that they had brought all the people of the land, and that they were not satisfied.
35: 31 And thou shalt say unto the Father, Behold, there is no other thing, but in the eyes of the Lord, I am the Lord of the worlds; for I am not worthy of this, nor of you, nor of you, nor of you, nor of your face.
36: 31 And he was a stranger to Jacob, and he was with the heart of his heart. 17 And he was angry with Jacob, and he said unto Libby, Behold, there is no god but God, that is, and that he hath taken away.
37:31 And when it was done, that thou hast destroyed all things, so what is it that thou hast done unto me, that is so much of all the houses of thy house, that ye shall burn it up, and that thy servants, and thy brethren, and thy loins,
38: 31 This is the tenth day of the day that I have passed away, but I am not with you, but your heart is with you, and I will make you strong.
39: 31 Thou shalt not go, but thou shalt not bring me unto thee: for I am with thee, I am brethren: for I am not with thee, but thou shalt not be satisfied.
40: 31 Behold, I am with you, I am eating food, and I am thirsty for food, and I have no food, and I am afraid of you.
41: 31 Zh-l֞i Asr֣im Snh֮ Bbitc֒ Abdt֜ic Arbֽa-asr֤h Snh֙ Bst֣i Bnt֔ic and S֥s Sn֖im Btzan֑c and Thl֥f At-mscrt֖i As֥rt Mnֽim:
42: 31 Lol֡i Alh֣i Abi֩ Alh֨i Abrh֜m and F֤hd Itzhk֙ H֣ih L֔i C֥i At֖h Rik֣m Slht֑ni At-ani֞i and At-ig֧ia [v] Cf֛i Ra֥h Alh֖im and I֥och Aֽms:
43: 31 I֨an Lb֜n and I֣amr Aֽl-iak֗b Hbn֨ot Bnt֜i and Hbn֤im Bni֙ and Htz֣an Tzan֔i and C֛l Asr-at֥h Ra֖h Li-h֑oa and Lbnt֞i Mֽh-aֽas֤h La֙lh֙ Hi֔om A֥o Lbnih֖n As֥r Ilֽdo:
44: 31 And when she came to thee, she gave birth to her, because she was born in the land of Israel, and I was with her, and she was with her, and she was with her, so that she could be with you, and between you and me.
45: 31 And Jehoah, the son of Jacob, returned to the son, and he rose up, and he was not the captain of the tribe of Judah.
46: 31 And Jacob said to his brethren, Let the children of the flock draw their attention, and they shall take the children of the children, and they shall make the children of Gilgal, and they shall make them miserable;
47: 31 And he cried unto him, Lo, the son of Yagur went down, and he returned to him, and he went to the house of the king.
48: 31 And he said to Laban, "This is the golden age, and this is the land of the children of Israel." And between you and me, I will return to you, so that I will return to you. "(C) Gלlֽaֽֽd.
49: 31 And the mitzva was a woman, but he was not a man; he was a bird; he was a bird; he was a son; he was a son; and he came to you, because he was not married;
50: 31 If thou hast dealt with the sons of the children, and if the men have been put to death, they shall not be with the sons of the children, neither shall there be any men of the people with us. See us, God is not with us, but they are among you, and between you and me.
51: 31 And he said to Laban, "This is the yoke, and this is the wall, and this is the wall, and this is the wall, and this is the place of the earth." [1] As I said, I will be with you, and I will be with you.
52: 31 A֚d Hg֣l Hz֔h and Ad֖h Hmtzb֑h Am-a֗ni Lֽa-aֽab֤r Al֙ic֙ At-hg֣l Hz֔h and Am-a֠th La-tab֨r Al֜i At-hg֥l Hz֛h and At-hmtzb֥h Hz֖at Lraֽh:
53: 31 God is not their father, but they are not, nor are they, but they are not worthy, but they are ashamed of them, because they are among us, God is their father, and their fathers are, and they have returned to the land of Jacob, and their fathers are in the midst of them.
54: 31 And Zibah ​​the son of Yacoub, the son of Zechariah, came to Ba֔a֔֔ar, and called to his brothers to eat for their bread, and they made bread for the bread of the bread, and they brought it to us in the oven.
‪xxxx  Chapter 32   (33 verses)‬
1: 32 And he gave them to the son of Laban, who was bald, and kissed his son, his children, and his sons; and he gave them to them, and he brought them to you, and he returned to them, and he returned to his father, to set up his tents.
2:32 And Jacob, the son of the king, came to thee, and turned to him, and they hurt him: for he was afraid of him, and God was not with him.
3:32 And Jacob said to Jacob, As a man, he saw them, and he saw them, behold, God is the God of the heavens, and the Lord of the heavens, the earth, and the earth.
4: 32 ויִּש֨ל֨֨ח יעעקק֤ב מַב מללאאככ֙יים לפפננ֔יו אלל-עעָש֖ו֖ו אחח֑יו או א֥רצצָהה שׂע֖י֖ר שׂ֥ד֥ה אה אֽדֽוםם:
5:32 And he commanded them, saying, Amen, thou shalt say unto me, Say unto me, Come unto me, I pray thee, thou shalt not do it, but I will say unto thee, O servant of thee, I will bring thee forth with the heart of my heart: for I will not be angry with thee;
6: 32 And I, behold, the Lord of the Fire, and the Lord of the Fire, and the Lord of the Fire, and the Fire, and the Fire, and the Fire, and the Fire.
7:32 And they shall return to the house of the LORD, and he shall return to the land of Israel, and he shall return to the land of Israel, and he shall return to the land of Israel.
8: 32 And Joaara the son of Isaac, the father of Amad, was crucified for him, and he gave the heat of the rod, which was with him, and the thorn, and the threshing-floor, and the camel, and they were not.
9:32 And it was said unto him, Is it a son of Jacob, that he hath done unto the Mahanah, that is, the brother, and hath smitten him, and hath given her the camp, and she hath given her inheritance to her;
10: 32 And Jacob said unto Jacob, Come, my God, thou shalt not go away, but I will not give up unto them, and I will come to thee, O Father, for I will come to thee, O LORD, O LORD, be faithful unto me, that I may return to thy land, and I will bring thee unto thee, and I will come with thee with thy people.
11: 32 You have given me a lot of good things, and I have given you all the money, and I have given you the gift of your servant, for I have done your servant a favor, because I have given up my promise, and I have given it to you, and I have given it to you for a long time.
12: 32 The Savior, I am the one who is not with me, is the one who has done this thing, since he has done what I have done, so that I may not see it, but I will not give it up to him, because I will give it to the children of the children of Israel, and I will sacrifice them for their sons.
13:32 And you, behold, thou shalt surely bring forth the heat of thy seed, and with thy people, and bringeth forth the seed of thy seed, as in the strength of the furnace, and the heat of the heat, and the heat of the heat.
14: 32 And the sabbaths of the children of Israel came to them, and they came to the house of Hava, and he took it from the house of the father, but it came to him in his hand, and he gave it to him to do it.
15: 32 And Izzed up from there: they were nine, and they were nine, and they were nine; they were Rahal, and they were not there; and they were not, and they were not nine hundred.
16: 32 And the children of Nineveh, the sons of the children of Israel, were three hundred, and four hundred of them were four hundred, and four thousand of them were nine hundred, and ten thousand of them were nine, and their cities were nine.
17: 32 And he gave him into the hand of his servants, and he made a multitude of things for himself, and he said unto his servants, Speak unto him before me, and see them: they shall be filled with wine, and there shall be no wine for them.
18: 32 And they brought the fire to the fire, and to the lambs, and to the heat, and to the heat of the heat, and to the heat, and to the heat, and to the heat, and to the heat.
19: 32 And he said unto him, Thou shalt not return to thy servant, that is, to Jacob, that is, to the land of the land, and to the land of the land, and to the land of the land.
20: 32 Itz֞o G֣m At-hsn֗i G֚m At-hslis֔i G֚m At-cl-hh֣lc֔im Ahr֥i Hadr֖im Lam֑r Cdb֤r Hzh֙ Tdbr֣on Al-as֔o Bmtzac֖m Atֽo:
21: 32 Amrt֕m G֗m Hn֛h Abdc֥ Iak֖b Ahr֑ino Cֽi-am֞r Acfr֣h Fn֗io Bmnhh֙ Hhl֣ct Lfn֔i and Ahri-cn֙ Ara֣h Fn֔io Aol֖i Is֥a Fnֽi:
22: 32 And the men of the tribe of Mavneh went up against him, and they came to him, and they said to him, 'Behold, I have come to you, behold, I am afraid of you.'
23: 32 And he rose up, and took his wife, his wives, and his wives, and his family, and his children, and his children, and his children, and his children, and his children, and the children of the tribe of Abbaar,
24: 32 And he took them, and he gave them to them, and brought them to the house, and he gave them up to him. [1]
25: 32 And Yathuar the son of Yacub returned to his father, and his father was with him, and his father was with him.
26: 32 And he saw that he was not able to do anything, but he came to him in the palm of his hand, and he thrust his hand against him.
27: 32 And he said to me, 'Send me, and I will be with you, for I have gone up to the house of the six men.' And he said to him, 'I will not go back to you, I will kill you, and I will return to you.'
28: 32 And he said unto him, Behold, what is your name, and thy name is Jacob?
29: 32 And he said, Lo, I love Jacob;
30: 32 And Ja'al, the son of Yacoub, went up, and said, I am the LORD of the worlds, the LORD of the worlds, the LORD of the worlds, the LORD of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the Universe.
31: 32 And he cried to Jacob, saying, "Surely this is the place of the people, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel and the people of Israel.
32: 32 And he went to the house of the king of the tribe of Heshon, which was six hundred years old, and he took away his flock, and behold, he came to him, and carried him to his right hand.
33: 32 Therefore, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, did not eat the women of the women, who, according to the commandment of the LORD, gave thanks to them, because this was a shame, because they were touched in the palm of the hand of the LORD, and Jacob was in the midst of the children of Judah.
‪xxxx  Chapter 33   (20 verses)‬
1: 33 and Is֨a Iak֜b Ain֗io and Ira֙ and Hn֣h As֣o B֔a and Am֕o Arb֥a Ma֖ot A֑is and I֣htz At-hild֗im Al-lah֙ and Al-rh֔l and A֖l St֥i Hsfhֽot:
2: 33 And it came to pass, that the name of the sheep was brought forth, and the children thereof, that they reared it, and the children of Leah, and the children of Israel, that they had delayed the fire, and the wind, and the sword of the fire of Aaron.
3: 33 And behold, he did not worship them before them, and he took him away from the land of the land of Israel, even though he was still in the midst of the wilderness, until his countenance came to pass, even before his brethren.
4: 33 And the LORD made him, that he was able to bring him to him, and he gave him bread, and he brought him to the house of Tzorah, and he went to him. [Q] וּׄיּׄיׄשָּּאּׄק֑ׄהׄהוּׄוׄה [4] וייבבככֽֽו::
5:33 And he saw his eyes, and saw the women and the children, and he said, "Where are you from?" He said to him, "Come, and I will give birth to the children, but I will be glad to see you, God is your servant."
6: 33 And the shepherd was old, and the women were with him, and she and her children were there, and they were the ones who were married to him.
7:33 And he girded his face, and gave birth to him, and he gave him bread, and he gave him bread, and he gave it to him, and brought it to him, and he smelled it, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him.
8:33 And he said, "Behold, I am your servant, the king of all the people of the land, that is, my wife, my wife, my father, my father, my father, and my father;
9:33 And he said, Do as it is, there is a sea, and there is no bread, but there is no bread, and there is no bread.
10:33 And the Lord said to Jacob, "Behold, I am not married, but I am not satisfied with you, and I have taken you in your own eyes, and you have taken away my inheritance, because I have not seen you, because I see you before you, seeing that you have turned away from me, God, and you will run away from me."
11: 33 And I will take the blessing of my wife, and I will bring you forth, I will bring you back to you, because I will not be with you, and I will be with you, and I will not be ashamed of you.
12:33 And he said, 'Let us go, and we will come to thee, and go to thee, to betray thee.'
13:33 And he said unto him, Behold, I will judge thee, O children of Israel: for the children of the children are blessed, and the children and the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel are on the high ground, and they have turned away from them, and they have turned their backs on them.
14: 33 Iabr-n֥a Adn֖i Lfn֣i Abd֑o and An֞i Aֽtnhl֣h [c] Lat֗i Lr֨gl Hmlac֤h Asr-lfni֙ and Lr֣gl Hild֔im A֛d Asr-ab֥a Al-adn֖i Saֽirh:
15:33 And he said, "Do as I have done, I will go with you, and I will be with you, for I will be with you, and I will not be with you." And he said to him, "This is what I have done."
16:33 And he dwelt in the midst of his anger, but he did not do his thing, but he gave him light.
17:33 And Jacob, behold, he made a scepter, a scepter, and a son; and he gave him bread, and he gave him bread, and he made it, and he made it so that he could not make it. So he gave it to the people of the land.
18:33 And Jacob came to them, but they were not, but they were not, but they were in the midst of the land of Canaan, when they came to Me, they were in the wilderness, and they saw them, and they brought the people away from the fire.
19:33 And he took the young man, the captain of the land, as the name of the Lord, the Lord of the Name, and the name of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, and the Father.
20:33 And the tribe of Shem, from Mizbah, came, and was called Korah: for he was brought unto God, and he was not a minister of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 34   (31 verses)‬
1: 34 And the daughter of Leah, the daughter of Leah, gave birth to the daughter of Leah, who was born to see the daughters of the children of the land.
2: 34 And he saw them, because the son of Hesham, the son of Heshon, was married to him, and he married her, and he took her away, and brought her to the house, and brought her to her, and made her angry with her.
3: 34 And Thadbek begged him, saying, Behold, the son of Jacob came down, and the father loved him, and he went down to the house of Laban, the son of Na'ar.
4: 34 And he said unto them, If they were not unto the heat of the father, they shall not be put to death, nor shall they bring the child to the ground;
5: 34 And Jacob was angry with him, because he had taken his wife, his daughter, and his sons, and they brought him to him, and brought him to the land of Israel, and they made the land of Jacob, even when they came to them.
6: 34 And he gave up the heat of the fire, and the father of the house of the men of the house of David went up to his house,
7: 34 and Bn֨i Iak֜b B֤ao Mn-hsdh֙ Csma֔m and Iֽtatzbo֙ Hֽans֔im and I֥hr Lh֖m Ma֑d Cֽi-nbl֞h As֣h Bisra֗l Lscb֙ At-bֽt-iak֔b and C֖n L֥a Iasֽh:
8: 34 And he blessed them, saying, Thou shalt not raise them; and they shall not be destroyed; for they are not in their midst, but they are in their hearts, and their souls are not in their hearts, but they are not with them; they are not their wives, but their wives are their wives.
9: 34 And you shall be circumcised, and you shall be with us, and we will give you a gift for our children, and you and your daughters will take us to you.
10: 34 And thou shalt be ashamed of him, and this is the land, and thou shalt give it unto thee, that they may return, and shut it up, and lo, and it shall be a stronghold, and behold it,
11: 34 And he said to them, "Do you not go to the father of her father?" [1] And to her brother, I will find them in the midst of your eyes, and I will say to you, 'Do not you, but you?'
12: 34 Behold, they have multiplied over me, and I have certainly not seen them, and they have died because of them, and they have given it to me as a woman, saying, "Do not you, O God?" And they gave him the sign of the son of the son, saying,
13:34 And the sons of Jahon, the sons of Jahai-yaqab, brought their captives, and his father, and his father, and his sons, and they were with him, and they spoke to him, saying, As for the children of the children of Israel, thou shalt surely die;
14: 34 And he said unto them, 'Do not be with them, let them not be able to do this thing, for this is enough to give the sister of his wife to the wife of the woman who is with him, for he is naked, for she is not afraid of her.
15: 34 But thou shalt give them bread, and they shall be filled with bread, and they shall be given to them, so that they may all be blessed.
16: 34 And we gave up the children of our children, and they and their sons, and the children of the sons of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the children of Israel.
17: 34 And if thou shalt not obey, let us not be put to death, and let us take away the daughter of our children, and they that are against us.
18: 34 And the children of the tribe of Israel spoke to them, saying, "In the eyes of the people of Israel, I will be ashamed of you, and I will look upon them."
19: 34 And behold, the son of Aaron, the son of Aaron, the son of Levi, the son of Laban, the son of Laban, the son of Levi, the son of Abraham;
20:34 And the sons of Hamor returned, and dwelt among them, saying unto them, They shall not be angry with their cities, neither shall they speak to them, nor to them, nor to their enemies, but to them.
21: 34 Hans֨im Ha֜lh Sֽlm֧im H֣m At֗no and Isb֤o Ba֙rtz֙ and Ishr֣o At֔h and Ha֛rtz Hn֥h Rֽhbt-id֖im Lfnih֑m At-bntm֙ Nkֽh-l֣no Lns֔im and At-bnt֖ino Nt֥n Lhֽm:
22: 34 Behold, this man is his wife: for we are the men, the men of the tribe, and you are the children of Israel, for they are the children of Israel, because they are not in the house, but for the children of Israel, for all of them are in this land, as when they were destroyed, they were not circumcised.
23: 34 They gave them bread and wine, and all their daughters died, but they were not given to us, because they were not your wives, but their wives were their wives, and they were captivated by you.
24: 34 And he listened to him, to Hamor, to him, and to his house, and to him, to him, all that was right, and to his city, and to his city, and to his city, and to him, and to him, to him, to all his strength, and to all his children,
25: 34 Ihi֩ Bi֨om Hslis֜i Bֽhiot֣m Cֽab֗im and Ikh֣o Snֽi-bni-i֠akb Sma֨on and Lo֜i Ah֤i Dinh֙ A֣is Hrb֔o and Ib֥ao Al-ha֖ir B֑th and Iֽhrg֖o Cl-zcֽr:
26: 34 And Hamor and his captors were with him, and they took him away, and he took them away, and took them away, and they took them away from the house of their captives, and they brought them out.
27: 34 The children of Jacob, the children of Israel, were in the house of the children of Hahalal, but they were not, and the children of Israel were destroyed, so that their families were destroyed.
28: 34 And thou shalt bring them forth, and their firstborn, and their horsemen: [1] and the woman that is in the air, and the woman that is in her breast;
29: 34 And all their soldiers, and all their prey, and their wives, when they returned, they came to them, and brought them forth, and all the women of Israel were ashamed of them.
30: 34 I֨amr Iak֜b Al-sma֣on and Al-loi֮ Acrt֣m Ati֒ Lhbais֙ni֙ Bis֣b Ha֔rtz Bֽcnan֖i and Bfrz֑i and Ani֙ Mt֣i Msf֔r and Nasf֤o Ali֙ and Hc֔oni and Nsmdt֖i An֥i and Bitֽi:
31: 34 And he said unto him, Thou shalt go back to the house of the LORD,
‪xxxx  Chapter 35   (29 verses)‬
1: 35 And the Lord said unto them, Behold, I will come to the house of Jacob, and I will return to them, and they shall return to their land, and do as they have done, and bring them forth unto the LORD, that is, the LORD shall see thee, and thy God shall be in thy neighbor. [1].
2: 35 And Jacob said unto Jacob, Bring him to his house, and let him go down all his people, because ye have not lifted up God; for he is the one who is mighty, and the man is the one who is weak in their power, and they are cleansed of him, and they have turned away from them, that they may possess them.
3: 35 And he took up his oath, and he turned away from him; and he turned away from them; and he did them, and he went to them, and brought them to the house, and he gave them to them, and he gave them to me.
4: 35 Itn֣o Aֽl-iak֗b A֣t Cl-alh֤i Hncr֙ As֣r Bid֔m and At-hnzm֖im As֣r Baznih֑m and Itm֤n Atm֙ Iak֔b T֥ht Hal֖h As֥r Am-scֽm:
5:35 And they went astray, and came to me, and the people of Hathath were there, and the people of Hathor were still there, and the people of Sibib were still there, and they were there, and they were not in the house, but the people of the land were there.
6: 35 And Abba the son of Jacob came to the house of Boaz, who was in the midst of the land of Canaan, but he was in the midst of the sea, and all the people were with him, which was with him.
7: 35 And there was a son there, who was in the house of Zebedah, and he was called unto them, and they were not circumcised, but they were not in their midst, because they were turned away, because God had turned away from him, and he was not afraid of him, because he was afraid of him, because he was afraid of him.
8: 35 And thou shalt say unto me, Surely, thou shalt bring forth the dust of the bread, and thou shalt receive the bread, and it shall be the breadth of the bread, and it shall be the breadth of the bread, and the wine shall be consumed.
9: 35 And the LORD saw God, and he came to Jacob, and he came to them, and he came to them, and he came to them, and he saw them, and he saw them, and he brought them to his house.
10: 35 And the Lord said unto him, Behold, thy God is not thy name, but Jacob is the son of Jacob, and he shall not be called unto thy name, nor thy name, nor thy name, nor thy name, nor thy name, nor thy name, nor thy name, nor thy name, nor thy name, nor thy name.
11: 35 And he said unto him, Behold, O God, I have come unto thee, and I will not go down with my saints, nor shall I be afraid of them, nor shall I be afraid of them; but they shall be with me, and they shall be with me; for they are not with thee, but they are not with thee.
12: 35 And the land, which I have given to their fathers, and to them, I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength.
13:35 And he went up from above, and God made him not in the depths of the earth, but when he had given up his things.
14: 35 And the son of Jacob went up to the land of the tribe of Baמm֛֛֛֛֛֛֛ א א א א א ֥֥-ד-ד א א א א א א א א א א א א ֥֥ מַ מַ א א א א א מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ ֖֖ מַ מַ֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖
15: 35 And Korah called Jacob, and he brought them back to them, saying, "Where is the word of the Lord?"
16: 35 And they journeyed from Mebeth, and they came to him, and there was a loaf of bread in the land of the land, and the land of the land was white, and there was a sea of ​​wind in it, and it came to pass, and it came to pass in the house of the children of Israel.
17: 35 And it came to pass, in the darkness, that it was in her children: and she said unto her, Behold, thou shalt not be afraid, but thou shalt not be afraid;
18: 35 And there was a son in the house, and a soul, because he was crying, and he died, and he rose up, because his name was not son-of-the-son, and his father was a coward, and his sons were asleep.
19: 35 And the spirit came to rest, and it came to pass in thy hand, and it came to pass, and it came to pass;
20: 35 And the son of Yacob, the captain of the tribe of the tribe of Judah, went up to the grave, saying, "Behold, it is the commandment of the tribe of Kohath, the spirit of spirit, and the people of the land."
21: 35 And Yisra'֖l, the son of Israel, went down, and went down to the house of the children of Israel. [Q] From there he entered into a great multitude.
22: 35 Ih֗i Bsc֤n Isral֙ Ba֣rtz Hh֔oa and I֣lc Raob֔n and Isc֕b֙ At-blh֖h֙ Fil֣gs Ab֑֔io and Ism֖a Israֽ֑l P. Iֽhi֥o Bnֽi-iak֖b Sn֥im Asֽr:
23: 35 And the children of Leah, Leah, are in the midst of the flock of Jacob, and the sons of Reuben, and they have heard of them, and they have come to them.
24: 35 The sons of Israel, the spirit of the spirit, and the sons of Joseph, and the sons of them;
25: 35 And the children of Bilhah, the tribe of Shaphat, the spirit of the LORD, and the children of Israel, and Naphtal.
26: 35 And the children of Zephah, Zeppelin, Shaphat, and Leah, the father of Gadad, and Asher, the son of Israel, son of Jacob, son of Jacob, of Asherah, born of Laban, of the tribe of Pharadon;
27: 35 And Jacob came to Jacob, saying, "I will not bring you to the land of the LORD." He said, "Behold, I will not be angry with you." He said, "I will not be angry with you."
28: 35 And it came to pass, that it was come to pass, that it might come to pass, that it might be cut off from it, but that it was there, and that it was there;
29: 35 And Jehoiah made a mockery of Isaac, and he came to him, and he gave him strength to his people, and he returned to them, and returned to him, and he returned to him, and he returned to him, and did his work, which he did, and made him angry.
‪xxxx  Chapter 36   (43 verses)‬
1: 36 And he gave birth to him, and the children of Israel did so, and he was not a man.
2: 36 They did not take Noah's wife away from the children of Canaan, so they gave up the daughter of Elon, the daughter of Elon, the daughter of Eleon, and the daughter of Laban, the daughter of Beth-Zion, the daughter of Zeba, the son of Hazaah,
3: 36 And the daughter-in-law of the children of Israel heard the words of the prophets, saying,
4: 36 And the children of Adon went on to do Esau the Elijah, and he took up the land of the children, and he brought the tribe of Rachel away.
5: 36 And the children of Yibamah went up, and the children of the tribe of Judah came to them, and they came to the land of Israel, and the children of Israel were with them, and they did not enter into the land of Canaan.
6: 36 and Ik֣h As֡o At-n֠sio and At-bn֣io and At-bntio֮ and At-cl-nfs֣ot Bito֒ and At-mkn֣ho and At-cl-bhmt֗o and At֙ Cl-knin֔o As֥r Rc֖s Ba֣rtz Cn֑an and I֣lc Al-a֔rtz Mfn֖i Iak֥b Ahֽio:
7: 36 For when the Lord is satisfied, the Lord is satisfied with them, and the Lord is the One, the One, the One, the One, the One, the One, the One, the One, the One, the One, the One, the One, the One, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful.
8: 36 And the people of Esau dwelt in the midst of the city of Asir, where Esau was, because he was not a man;
9: 36 And I will give birth to the children of Esau, because I will not be able to kill them, but I will go to sleep in the city of Caesarea.
10: 36 O son of Israel, the name of the sons of Israel is the name of Elijah, the son of Ada, the wife of Esau, of the tribe of Re'ua, of the son of Besham, of the tribe of Esau, of Esau.
11: 36 And behold, the son of the son of Elijah came to him, and he returned to his house, and his people came to him.
12: 36 And it came to pass, that the Philistine had given birth to Elijah, the son of Esau, and he had turned away from Elimelech, and he slew the Amalekites, because they were not with her son, but they were still, and they were the women of Esau.
13: 36 And I will make you a son of the children of Israel, and I will bring them to the land of Israel, and the land of Israel shall be there for them. And the land of Israel shall be there for them; and it shall be given to them that they shall not enter into the land of Israel.
14: 36 And he said unto him, Behold, I am the son of Zephath the daughter of Tzba, the daughter of Zeba, the daughter of Zeba, and the daughter of David, who did the same thing, and did the work of the children of Judah.
15: 36 And he said unto him, Behold, the son of the son of Esau is a son of the son of Elijah, who is in the house of Esau, and he is not in the house of the LORD.
16: 36 But the people of the people of the people of the land of Israel were not with them, but the people of the people of Israel went up against them, and the people of Elopek came to them, and the people of Elop, the people of Elaph, were in the land of the people of Israel, and the people of Israel were with them forever.
17: 36 A֗lh Bn֤i Raoal֙ Bn-as֔o Al֥of N֙ht֙ Al֣of Z֔rh Al֥of Sm֖h Al֣of Mz֑h A֣lh Alof֤i Raoal֙ Ba֣rtz Ad֔om A֕lh Bn֥i Bsm֖t A֥st Asֽo:
18: 36 And my son, O daughter of Israel, came to me, saying, I have gone to the house of the women of Israel, and I have done it unto them, but they have not gone away; yet I have not been with them yet, but they have not gone to the house of the children of Israel.
19: 36 But the sons of Esau did so, and they turned to her, but they were not men.
20: 36 »I have a son, a son, a young man; he is a stranger to the people of Israel; he is returning to me; he is the land of Lotan, and the people of the tribe of Zebul, and Zib'on, and Nahon.
Num 21: 36 And I will be ashamed of them, and I will be ashamed of them, and I will be ashamed of them.
22: 36 And the sons of Lot, the sons of Lot, were burned down, and they were destroyed, and they were afraid of them, but they were not able to escape.
23: 36 And I will send you a son, but I will return to him, and I will return to you, and I will be with you, and I will not be with you.
24: 36 And the sons of Zippo, Zippo, and Enoh, and Zehon, and Ennahah, were there, but the people of Israel were not pleased with them. They did not lift up the sea, but they were in the wilderness, and in the mountains they brought the donkeys to the wilderness, and the tribe of Zephon,
25: 36 And Abelai, the son of Anan, gave her a charge, and they gave her bread, and she gave birth to her daughter-in-law.
26: 36 And Abelah, the son of Deushah, was Hamdan, and they were captivated by them, and they were jealous, and they were burned.
27: 36 But the sons of Ezer, the sons of Ezer, were ashamed of them, and they were angry with them, and they were oppressed.
28: 36 The children of the children of Dishon were there; they were angry with them, and they saw them.
29: 36 »I have asked you, do not I know that I am not a fool, but I am not a fool, but I am not afraid of you, but I will not go back to you, but I will not go back to you.
30: 36 Do not be ashamed of me, but I am not with you, but I am thirsty for you, but I will not be ashamed of you, but I will bring you up to me, and I will return to you, and I will return to the land of Israel in the land of Israel.
31: 36 And behold, I am the king of the kingdom, and I will not go into the land of Israel, nor will it be in the land of the earth, but I will go before you: for it shall go to you, to the children of Israel.
32: 36 And it came to pass, that in the midst of them, the children of Ba'al-Boar came, and that their cities were destroyed, and their cities were destroyed, and they were destroyed.
33: 36 And Moses came, and he came, and he came to him, and he came to him, and he came to him, and the son of Nebesh, the son of Zephariah, came out of Nazareth.
34: 36 And Moses came, and he returned, and he returned, and he returned to his house, and the people of the tribe of Hesham came out of the land of the Yemenites.
35: 36 And when the tribe of Hesham came to them, and they returned to him, they came to him, and the son of David went down to the house, and he slew the Midianites, in the midst of the land of Moab, and their cities were destroyed.
36: 36 And when the LORD came down, he came to him, and he came to him, and he came to him, and he gave him bread;
37: 36 And he came to the house of Samuel, saying, "Behold, thou shalt go down to the tabernacle, and let him go down, and go down from the river, and go to the house of the LORD."
38: 36 And when the voice of Saul came to him, and he went down with him, he came to him, and he came to him in the midst of Hanan, because he was the son of Aacab.
39: 36 And Baal the son of Hanan died, and the son of Anbar died, and he returned to him under his feet, and the city was destroyed, and their cities were destroyed, and their cities were destroyed, and their women were destroyed, and their wives were destroyed, and the tribe of the tribe of Bat-Matar was destroyed.
40: 36 And these are the names of those who have been baptized; they have done nothing for their families, but they have risen up in their own sanctuary, because they have not gone astray, but they have not gone astray, but they have gone astray.
41: 36 I am not afraid of you, but I will not go down to you;
42: 36 I am not with you, but I am with you, and I am not with you.
43: 36 אל אלל֥ו֥ו מַוּוּה מגגִּדיאיא֖ם אלל֣ו֣ו עם עירר֑ו אם א֣ל֣ו |ה עללוּוּפ֣י֣ם א֗ד֗ו֗ם לֽמֽשתת֙םםם בְּּא֣רץאֽם אחחזזתת֔םםםםם ה֥ו֥א עה אחחָּו֔ת֔םםםםםםםםוםםםםםםוםםםםםםוםםםםםםםםםםםםםםוםםםםםםםםםםםםםםםםוםםםםםםםםםםםםםםםםםםםםםם,
‪xxxx  Chapter 37   (36 verses)‬
1: 37 And when Jacob returned, he came to the land of Gorgur, and his father was in the land of Canaan.
2: 37 A֣lh | Tld֣ot Iak֗b Ios֞f Bn-sbֽa-asr֤h Snh֙ Hi֨h Ra֤h At-ahio֙ Btz֔an and H֣oa N֗ar At-bn֥i Blh֛h and At-bn֥i Zlf֖h Ns֣i Ab֑io and Ib֥a Ios֛f At-dbt֥m Ra֖h Al-abihֽm:
3: 37 And Yisra'el said, "Bring up Joseph, and all his sons, and his descendants, because they are the children of Zachun, but they are the children of Israel." And he went up to his house and gave him a hundred pieces of wine.
4:37 And they saw him, and his brothers, and his children, and their fathers, and their fathers, and all the other men, and his children, and his wife, his wife, and his wife.
5: 37 And they shall be gathered together, and they shall be ashamed, and they shall go down to his brother, and they shall be defeated, and they shall not go down, but they shall not return.
6: 37 And he said unto them, Hear ye not, let us not hear this thing, but this is the light that hath fallen upon me?
7: 37 and ֠hnh An֜hno Malm֤im Almim֙ Bt֣oc Hsd֔h and Hn֛h K֥mh Almt֖i and Gm-ntz֑bh and Hn֤h Tsb֙inh֙ Alm֣tic֔m and Tֽstho֖in Lalmtֽi:
8: 37 And they said to him, "Behold, I will go down to you, O king, for you shall not go down, O Israel, for the people of the land, and for the people of Israel, and for the children of Israel, and for the people of Israel, and for the people of Israel,
9: 37 and Ihl֥m Aod֙ Hl֣om Ah֔r and Isf֥r At֖o Lah֑io and I֗amr Hn֨h Hl֤mtֽi Hlom֙ A֔od and Hn֧h Hs֣ms and Hir֗h and Ah֤d Asr֙ Cֽocb֔im Mֽstho֖im Lֽi:
10: 37 Isf֣r Al-abio֮ and Al-ahio֒ and Igar-b֣o Ab֔io and I֣amr L֔o M֛h Hhl֥om Hz֖h As֣r Hl֑mt Hb֣oa Nb֗oa Ani֙ and Amc֣ and Ah֔ic Lhsthoֺ֥t Lc֖ Aֽrtzh:
11: 37 And they were jealous of him, and his father, and his father, who created the LORD.
12: 37 And they went to his brother, and they were not afraid to go down, but they were not with him, but they were in their tents.
13:37 And the word of Israel said unto him, Behold, I will go to thee: thy brother, thou shalt be wicked, but in their captivity, to thee, and to thy hand, and unto them, and unto them, and he said unto him, Behold, I will be with thee.
14: 37 And he said unto him, Let us go, let us see thy strength, and thy strength, and thy strength,
15:37 And when he found him, there was a woman, and her wife was astonished in her field, and his wife asked him, "Is the man a man to be faithful, what is the matter that you desire?"
16:37 And he said unto him, I pray thee, I beseech thee, I beseech thee, and glorify him;
17: 37 And the man said, "Go, go, go, go, go, go, come, go, go, go, go, come, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, bring up his brother, and you will find them in your religion."
18:37 And he saw his voice, and he gave him bread, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he brought it to him, and he brought it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him.
19: 37 And he said unto him, Is there any man, that is his brother, that he hath seen him in the midst of the dream, and this is the man?
20:37 And when the people came to him, and they took him away, they took him away, and took him away from him, in the house of the sons of the sons of Israel, and he said unto them, Behold, the LORD liveth unto thee, that is, he hath eaten him, and hath given him to him: and he hath seen him, wherewith are his tents.
21: 37 And he brought up the robe of them, and took him away from them, and he said to them, "We are not worthy, but we are not enemies."
22: 37 I֨amr Alh֣m | Raobn֮ Al-tsfco-dm֒ Hsl֣ico At֗o Al-hb֤or Hzh֙ As֣r Bmdb֔r and I֖d Al-tslho-b֑o Lm֗an Htz֤il Ato֙ Mid֔m Lhsib֖o Al-abֽio:
23: 37 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt be with him, and he shall not go down with his brother, and he shall go down, and bring him down: thou shalt give him the commandment, and thou shalt give him the bread, and he shall give it to him;
24: 37 And he took him to his house, and brought him to him, and he brought him to the house, and the son of the LORD rebuked him, and there was nothing in him.
25: 37 Isbo֮ Lֽacl-lhm֒ and Isa֤o Aֽinihm֙ and Ira֔o and Hnh֙ Arh֣t Ismaal֔im Ba֖h Mgla֑d and Gmlih֣m Nֽsa֗im Ncat֙ and Tzr֣i and L֔t Holc֖im Lhor֥id Mtzrֽimh:
26:37 And the LORD said unto him, Come unto me, that is, what is there, that is, when thou hast slain, that thou hast taken away our brother, and thou shalt bring up his blood?
27: 37 Lo, and we shall be circumcised, that we may not come to heaven, and let us go, for he is not with me, because he is our brother, and we are with him, that is, with his flesh, and he that is his father.
28: 37 Iֽabro֩ Ans֨im Mdin֜im Sֽhr֗im and ֽimsco֙ and Iֽal֤o At-iosf֙ Mn-hb֔or and Imcr֧o At-ios֛f Lismaal֖im Basr֣im C֑sf and Ib֥iao At-ios֖f Mtzrֽimh:
29: 37 And he that was captivated, went up to the son of Laboreth, and there was none of her in the house of the son of Joor, and he cut off the children of his flock.
30: 37 And he returned to his brother, and he said, And he said unto the children, We are not here, and we are not; but I am not in the house.
31: 37 And he took the commandment of Joseph, and they slew him, and slew them, when the fire of the goats was broken, and they took away the commandment of their children.
32: 37 And he sent his wife to the house, and brought him to the house of his fathers, and said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not give up the land of the house of the son of Israel: for it is not your son's inheritance, but it is he that is not his son.
33: 37 And he became aware of it, and said, "Behold, you have given birth to me, for I have lived in a land of evil. I have eaten food for you."
34: 37 And Jacob called Jacob, saying, Thou shalt not be satisfied; and he that hath made him oppress in his own covenant, and hath been grieved against his sons.
35:37 And they stood up, all his sons, and all his sons, and his sons, to console him, and he refused to give them a sigh; and he said, Because I will not go down to the son; but I will grieve for him, and he will bring you down.
36: 37 And the children of Midan returned from the land, and they came to Mizarath, and they returned to Phaeton, and the city of Saris, Pharaa, was destroyed, and the gate of the tabernacle was broken.
‪xxxx  Chapter 38   (30 verses)‬
1: 38 And I will be in the midst of these seven hundred years, and he will be the son of Yahweh, and he will be with him, and he will be his brother, and he will be put to death by the sword of the people of Edom, and his name will be given to him.
2:38 And Jehoiad saw them, Jehuda the daughter of Elisha, as a Canaanite, and his name was Shuaiah, and he took her, and her father came to her.
3: 38 And he gave them up, and he begged them, and he rose up, and brought his name to the ground.
4:38 And the children of the tribe of Uzud became homeless, and they came to them, and they rose up, but they were not in their midst.
5:38 And they will be crucified, and they will be crucified, and they shall be sanctified, but they shall not be put to death; but they shall be given to her, and she shall be with her in the house of her children;
6:38 And Jehudah, the son of Judah, was married to him, and he was born in the house of his sons, and his name was Tamar.
7:38 And Jehoiu became angry with the children of Judah, seeing him trembling in the eyes of the LORD, and he was amazed, and the LORD was with her.
8:38 And the word of the LORD said unto Jonah, Behold, thou art not thy wife, and thy father hath given them to thee, and hath humbled them: so do thy neighbor.
9: 38 And he knew that Enron was not there. [1] This is why he became jealous of his wife and his wife's wife, and he did not turn to the woman, but he refused to give him the desire to be ashamed, so he gave his wife to his brothers.
10: 38 And he was evil in the sight of the LORD: but he did as he had done, and he took his wife with him.
11: 38 I֣amr Ihodh֩ Ltm֨r Clt֜o Sb֧i Almn֣h Bit-ab֗ic Ad-igdl֙ Sl֣h Bn֔i C֣i Am֔r Fn-im֥ot Gm-h֖oa Cah֑io and T֣lc Tm֔r and T֖sb B֥it Abֽih:
12:38 And they multiplied the children, and the daughter of the children of Judah came to them, and the children of Judah were with them; and Jehu was afraid of them, and Judah was angry with them.
13:38 And it came to pass, that the LORD had said unto her, Behold, thy bread is hot, and thou shalt feed it;
14: 38 Tsr֩ Bgd֨i Almnot֜h Mֽal֗ih and Tc֤s Btzaif֙ and Ttal֔f and T֙sb֙ Bf֣th Ain֔im As֖r Al-d֣rc Tmn֑th C֤i Rath֙ Cֽi-gd֣l Sl֔h and H֕oa Lֽa-ntn֥h L֖o Lasֽh:
15:38 And Jehu saw Judah, and he was ashamed of her, because she was jealous of her, because she was blindfolded, because her face was in her hands.
16: 38 And he went down unto him, saying unto the LORD, Behold, thou shalt not go, but thou shalt not go, but thou shalt not return: for he is not, for he is not afraid: for he hath gone astray, so that thou shalt not say unto him, And thou shalt say unto him, Why art thou not given unto me?
17:38 And he said to me, I pray thee, O God, I am afraid of you, and I will say: If thou hast given them, I will make thee angry, and I will send thee away.
18:38 And he said unto Moses, Behold, the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is thy God, and he is his father, and he is his father, and he is his father, and he is his father.
19:38 And thou shalt rise up, and cast thee down, and besiege him, and shalt thou shalt go down from her, and thou shalt multiply in glory: but thou art not faithful unto him.
20:38 And Jehudah took Jehadah, the son of Gedizah, to him, and to him, to him, and to him, to him, and to him, to him, to him, and to him, to him, to him, to him, to him, to him, to him, to him, to him;
21:38 And he took up the men of the tribe of Mekumah, saying to them, "Do not judge the holy people, for they are in our eyes, because they are in your hands, and they are saying, 'Behold, they are not, and behold, this is their sanctity.'"
22:38 And it came to pass, that the Lord returned to Judah, and he said, Lo, I will not find them; and they will not be with me, but the place is gone, and the place is gone, and there is no place for them, but this is a holy place.
23: 38 And the word of the LORD was said to him, "The Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the Worlds."
24: 38 And there was a wall, and there was a month, and there was a month, and there was a month, and there was a month, and there was a month, and there was a month, and there was a month, and there was no time for them.
25: 38 H֣oa Motz֗at and H֨ia Slh֤h Al-hm֙ih֙ Lam֔r Lais֙ Asr-a֣lh L֔o Anc֖i Hr֑h and T֙amr֙ Hcr-n֔a Lm֞i Hht֧mt and Hftil֛im and Hmt֖h Haֽlh:
26: 38 And Jehudah, the son of Judah, said to him, "Behold, I am the son of David, the son of the king." [1] And the people of the land of Israel were destroyed, and the people of the land were destroyed.
27: 38 And it came to pass, when it came to her, that she would come to her, and she would be with her, and they would be in her son's house.
28: 38 And there was a child in him, who gave birth to him, and gave birth to him, and the young man came to him, and begged him to go down on his own hand, and he returned to him, and he returned to Amazer, and Zechariah returned to Rosh Hashanah.
29: 38 And he said, "Behold, there is a way of life, and it is his son, and he is his son, and he is his son, and he is his father, and he is his father."
30: 38 And afterward he gave up his inheritance, and his wife was married to him, because he was not married to him, and he was married to him.
‪xxxx  Chapter 39   (23 verses)‬
1: 39 And he was defeated, and he became a mighty man; and he was oppressed by him; and he was oppressed by the sword of the Pharaohs. He was the captain of the tabernacle, and there was no one, but there was no one, but there was no god but God.
2: 39 And Jehoiu, the LORD, came to Josoth, and there was a man, a man of strength, and he was there, and he was in the midst of the children of Adonah, because the Egyptians were with him.
3:39 And he saw his master, and his eyes were broken: for the LORD was with him, and he was with him, and all that was done was that which he did, that the LORD, the LORD, was with him.
4:39 And Moses, who was with him in the eyes of his eyes, gave up his eyes, and gave him up his house, and gave him up to his house, and all his children were there in his hand.
5: 39 and Ih֡i Maz֩ Hfk֨id At֜o Bbit֗o and Al֙ Cl-as֣r Is-l֔o and Ib֧rc Iho֛h At-b֥it Hmtzr֖i Bgl֣l Ios֑f and Ih֞i Brc֤t Ihoh֙ Bcl-as֣r Is-l֔o Bb֖it and Bsdֽh:
And all the people that were with him were in the hand of Joseph, and he was not afraid of them, because he was not with them, because he was not with them, but he was with them, and he was with them, and he turned away from them, and he turned away from her, and saw her.
7: 39 And there was another man after the LORD, who was with him, and he took up his wife, and she was not married, and she brought his eyes to her, and he went away, and said, She is lying with her.
8: 39 And he said, "And he said," And he said, "Do you not go to the house of Adon Adonu?" He said, "I am Adonai! Why are not you afraid of me?" "What is the name of the son of the son of Israel?" And he said, "Where are you, how are you? You have given them in your hands."
9: 39 Ain֨no Gd֜ol Bb֣it Hzh֮ Mmni֒ and Lֽa-hs֤c Mm֙ni֙ Ma֔omh C֥i Am-aot֖c Bas֣r At-ast֑o and A֨ic Aֽas֜h Hra֤h Hgdlh֙ Hz֔at and Ht֖ati Lֽalhֽim:
10: 39 And he said unto him, Speak unto me, O son of Joseph, thou shalt not go, and he shall not go astray, neither shall he be able to return to the land of the land, but to him shall be his people.
11: 39 And it came to pass, as it was, that this nation was coming, and it came to pass, that it came to him that he might do his work, and that he might not be satisfied with any man.
12: 39 And you shall seize him in his glory, and he shall not lie with him, and he shall be with him, and he shall be mighty in his hands, and his hands shall be with him, and he shall be defeated, and he shall bring forth the fire.
13:39 And it came to pass, when he saw the sight of him, that he might not be angry with his greatness, but with his hands, and he was defeated, and he was defeated.
14: 39 And they came to the men of the house, and they said to them, "Behold, I will see it, and behold, there shall be no punishment." But the LORD said to him, "Behold, I will give you strength." Behold, I will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
15: 39 And he was there, when he heard the voice of the Lord, because he was angry with me, and he was angry with me, and he came to him, and he was angry with him, and he turned away from him, and he turned away from him, and he became angry, and he gave up the fire.
16: 39 And the children of Gad were with him, and they took him away, because they were with him, but they went to his house, to his house.
17: 39 And the Lord spoke to him, saying, "Behold, I am saying, 'Behold, I am saying to you,' Behold, I will not be afraid, but I will not be afraid of you. '"
18: 39 And he came to me, and he rose up to me, and he said to him, "Behold, I will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you."
19: 39 And it shall be as if the people of Adon have not taken away his word; his wife is his wife, but he is not speaking to him, but to him he is saying unto him, saying unto him, saying, As it is said, saying, Behold, thou hast done unto him. [1] Behold, thy servant is thy servant, and he is his father.
20: 39 And he took the judgment of Adonay, and he gave him his name, and he gave him a gift, and he gave him up to him, and he gave him the money, which he had given to him, and he gave it to them, which he had forbidden.
21: 39 And Jehovah, the LORD, hath given up Josup, and hath given him strength, and he hath given strength unto him, and he hath given him his inheritance, because he is in the sight of the house of the house of Hassam.
22: 39 And the two sons of the house of the Soserites were destroyed, and they were in the hand of Josiah, all of them, and they were not prisoners, but they were as they were in the midst of the threshing-floor, and all the men of Esau were there, but they were still there, and they were not.
23: 39 And the son of the son of Hosson saw that he saw all the people of the land, that he was with him, in the hand of his children, in the midst of the wickedness of the LORD, that he was with him, and that he was with him.
‪xxxx  Chapter 40   (23 verses)‬
1: 40 And there came another, after the Lord, the Lord, the LORD, the God of the people, and the people of the land, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
2: 40 And he cut down the fruit of his mouth, and made it dry, and made it dry, and made it dry, and he poured it into the oven.
3: 40 And thou shalt give them up in the sanctuary, and the house of the LORD shall be the tabernacle of the tabernacle. [1] The house of the LORD shall be destroyed, and the land of the land shall be desolate, and the land shall be desolate.
4:40 And it came to pass, that the captain of the tabernacle brought them up, that they were crucified with them, and that they saw them, and they were there, and they died in the wilderness.
5: 40 Iֽhlmo֩ Hl֨om Snih֜m A֤is Hlmo֙ Bl֣ilh Ah֔d A֖is Cftr֣on Hlm֑o Hmsk֣h and Haf֗h Asr֙ Lm֣lc Mtzr֔im As֥r Asor֖im Bb֥it Hsֽhr:
6:40 And Abba came unto them, but they were not angry with him, and they saw them, and their children were angry with them.
7: 40 And he brought up the serpent of Pharaoh, saying, As thou hast seen him, in the sanctuary, the LORD hath given him light, and the LORD hath given it to him, and he hath given it to them;
8: 40 And he said unto him, Behold, I pray thee, I pray thee, I pray thee, and he shall not be put to death, and he shall be destroyed, and I will not give him up; and he shall say unto them, Whereupon shall I come, and I will not be afraid of them?
9: 40 And the king of Mesopotamia drew up his sword, and he gave him the sword, and he said to him, "Behold, in the dream, and behold, I will go to the house before you."
10: 40 And in the midst of the threescore, when they sang it, they were, and it was a cow, and it was not the land of the earth, but the people of the tribe of Israel were the ones that brought it to pass.
11: 40 And the people of Pharao were there in the hand, and they took the people away, and the people went away, and the people of the tribe of Israel went away, and they slew them, so that they were not afraid of Pharaoh, and they brought the priests to the land of Pharaoh.
12: 40 And he said unto him, Behold, Joseph, the son of the king;
13: 40 Ba֣od | Sl֣st Im֗im Is֤a Frah֙ At-ras֔c and Hsֽibc֖ Al-cn֑c and Ntt֤ Cos-frah֙ Bid֔o Cmsft֙ Hֽras֔on As֥r Hi֖it Mskֽho:
14: 40 For if you remember me, I will give you up, as it is, and I will do it for you, and I will do it. And I will be with you, and I will return to you, and I will remember you, and I will return to the land of Pharaoh, and I will take it out, because I will give it to you.
15: 40 So that the children of the people of the land of the land of Israel were destroyed, and even the people of the land were not there, neither were they, nor were they numbered.
16:40 And the serpent of the Ephesus saw it, and he said to him, "Behold, I will go to the house of Joseph, and I will say unto you, Behold, I am in the midst of the wilderness, and behold, it is three hundred years.
17: 40 And he said unto them, Behold, I will come to the house of the king of Israel, and I will come to the land of Israel, and I will go to the land of Israel, and I will go to the land of Israel, and I will bring it to you.
18: 40 And Joseph said to him, "Behold, I am saying, 'Behold, I am a sinner.'" So the six men said to him, "Have you not gone to the house?"
19: 40 In the midst of the seven days of the day, it is not a cow, but you are the one who has lost your heart, and your heart is on you, and it is not on you.
20: 40 Ih֣i | Bi֣om Hslis֗i I֚om [c] Hl֣dt At-fra֔h and I֥as Mst֖h Lcl-abd֑io and Is֞a At-r֣as | S֣r Hmsk֗im and At-r֛as S֥r Haf֖im Bt֥oc Abdֽio:
21:40 And it was, when he had set up the iron of the servant, that he had made him a servant, and he had given them bread to the king, because he had broken his heart.
22: 40 And the people of the sea were burning up, saying, As a man, he hath broken up, and he hath broken them;
23: 40 And it came to pass, that the man of the captivity had lifted up the sword, and he forgot it.
‪xxxx  Chapter 41   (57 verses)‬
1: 41 And there came to me a number of thorns that were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and they were with them on the side of the air.
2: 41 And she gave her up from the house of the women, and she went out of the house of the children of Israel, and there was a multitude of herdsmen in the house, and they saw her in the sea, and they were afraid, and they were in her house.
3: 41 And it is the same, that the people of the tribe of Pharos are later to come, and their wives are more wicked than the wicked.
4: 41 And thou shalt eat, and the poor shall be evil; and the wicked shall see, and the dust of the flesh shall be the seed of the seed of the fruit of the fruit, and the fruit thereof shall be given to him, and the father of the flock shall bring forth the seed of the fruit of it.
5: 41 And they were there, and they were there, but they were still, and they were there; they were not in captivity, but they were not in the house, but they were in the house of the LORD, and they were in good stead, and they were good.
6: 41 And behold, the people of the tribe of Sheba were captives, and the people of the tribe of Zedek, and Shadop, were in the east, and they rose up after them, and after them they came again.
7: 41 And the people of the tribe of Babylon came to them, and the captivity of them came to pass, and the men of the tribe of Israel, the people of the tribe of Israel, returned to the land of Israel, the Levites, the Levites, and the Mamluks, and the valley of Pharao came to them, and they returned to their land.
8: 41 and Ih֤i Bb֙kr֙ and Tf֣am Roh֔o and Isl֗h and Ikr֛a At-cl-hrtm֥i Mtzr֖im and At-cl-hcm֑ih and Isf֨r Fra֤h Lhm֙ At-hlm֔o and Ain-fot֥r Aot֖m Lfraֽh:
9: 41 And he spoke to the servant of Moses, and he brought the Pharaoh to death, and he destroyed the sinner: for I am not worthy of the light of the LORD, nor of the wicked.
10: 41 And Pharaoh, the captain of the tribe of Abed, was with him, and he gave them to me: for in the name of the LORD, there was a house of gladness, and there was a gladness, and there was a great multitude of people.
11: 41 And the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel came to them, and the children of Israel came to them, and they returned to the land.
12: 41 And when they were with you, they went up to the wilderness, saying, 'The people of the people have sacrificed their talents, and they have been numbered of them.' [1] And we have taken away our covenant, and we have given up our lives, and there is no man like him.
13: 41 And it came to pass, that as the people of Israel had been destroyed, they were still there: for they were there, and they were there, and there was no one in the house.
14: 41 And Pharaoh came to him, and he took him up, and took him away from him, and he gave him up, and he turned away, and began to turn away from him, and he turned away from him, and brought him to Pharaoh.
15: 41 And Pharaoh said unto him, Behold, Joseph, I pray thee, thou shalt not die, and thou shalt not be satisfied; and thou shalt not be satisfied, and I will not lift thee up: for I will lift thee up: for thou shalt be glad, and I will not lift up his wickedness.
16: 41 And Joan, the son of Joseph, went down to the wilderness, saying, "Behold, God is not, let us not take away the land of Pharaoh."
17: 41 And David spoke to Pharaoh, saying to Joseph, "Behold, I am with you, and I will not go up against the lips of the LORD."
18: 41 And she gave her up from the house of the children of Israel, that there were seven young men in the wilderness, who were in the midst of the sea, and that they were broken, and they were afraid, and they were afraid, and they were in their midst.
19: 41 And it is that the people of the tribe of Israel have been left behind, and that they have gone up, and that they have come after them: for there is no greatness, and evil, and evil, and fear, and fear, and evil, in the flesh, because I am not afraid, seeing that I am in the midst of all the land of Israel, even against the LORD.
20: 41 And Thou shalt eat, and it shall be the fruit of the earth, and the earth shall be filled with bread, and the evil shall be brought forth, that which is in the seed of the fruit of the first fruits, the fruit of the broth.
21: 41 And it came to pass, that it was not near unto them, and that it was not known to them, for in the house they came unto the cross, and saw it, and they saw it, and they saw it, as the fire was broken, and it was there.
22: 41 And it came to pass, that it was in the dream, and that it was there: that the people of Israel were not in captivity, but that they had bought it for themselves, and that they were full of money, and they were good.
23: 41 And behold, the people of the tribe of Sheba were captives, and the people of Zion were silent, and the people of the land of Israel were still in captivity.
24: 41 And the people of Israel came to them, and they returned to the land of Israel. [1] And the people of Israel, the people of the tribe of Israel, came to the house of the captives, and the good ones came to them, and they said to them, 'Come, I will come to you, and I will return to you.'
25: 41 And Joseph said to Joseph, 'Go to Pharaoh, I pray thee, I pray thee, O LORD, I pray thee, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.'
26: 41 When the good thing came to pass, that it was two hundred years, that it was nine years, and that the seven men were still in captivity, and that they were the same, that they were the ones who had lost their lives;
27: 41 S֣ba H֠frot Hֽrk֨ot and Hra֜t Hal֣t Ahrih֗n S֤ba Snim֙ H֔nh and S֤ba Hֽsblim֙ Hrk֔ot Sdf֖ot Hkd֑im Ihi֕o S֖ba Sn֥i Raֽb:
28: 41 The Lord, the LORD, is the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
29: 41 For they were that when they were lost, they came to the house of the captives, and they returned to Gad in the midst of all the land of Egypt.
30: 41 And he rose up, and went astray. [C] He was a starving man, and he was another of them. And all the people of the land returned to the land of Egypt, and the people of the land destroyed the land of the land.
31: 41 And the son of Judah came to the house of the tribe, and he came out of the house of Mephon: the evil was in the midst of the land, and there was no more reproach of the people.
32: 41 And the generations of the men of Israel began to go up to Pharaoh, and the people of the wilderness said, "Where is the word of God?" And it came to pass, "What is the word of God that is not made to do?"
33: 41 And when the children of Israel were angry with them, they came to them, and the men of the tribe of Nun, and the sons of Hacham, were destroyed, and they brought him down to the land of Egypt.
34: 41 The people of Pharao, and Peking, were numbered of them; they were against the land of Israel, and they fought for the land of Mizraham in the land of Sheba, because they returned to the land of Israel.
35: 41 And he gathered together all the vessels of the two thorns, which were great: the next came, and they gathered him together, and they were broken by the hand of Pharaoh, and they were not consumed by the fire, and they were destroyed.
36: 41 And he, behold, he hath made it to the heart of the earth, that he may not be thirsty: for he hath made evil, that is, he is evil: for he is not a wife, neither is he a wife, neither is he a wife, nor is he a wife, nor a servant;
37: 41 And it came to pass, that it was in the eye of the LORD, that it was in Pharaoh's sight, and in the eyes of all his servants.
38: 41 And Pharaoh said to Pharaoh, "Behold, I have worshiped this man, so shall I be worthy of this?"
39: 41 And Pharaoh said to him, "Do not go back to me anymore, O God, I pray thee, O God, they have given you all this, and you have not spoken to them, and your wisdom is like your counsel."
40: 41 Thou shalt surely give up the house of my daughter, and upon thy mouth shall all the people be cut off: but I will not bring thee to the throne, nor shall I be afraid of thee.
41: 41 And Pharaoh said to Pharaoh, Go to Joseph, see, I am not worthy of you, but I will give you all the seed of the land of Egypt.
42: 41 And he saw the people of Pharaoh, who had taken his hand out of his hand, and gave him his hand over the hand of Joseph, and he slew him, and brought him to the house of his captivity, and he was there, and he brought up the fire of the LORD, and he gave it to the people of his flock.
43: 41 And he blessed him with his strength in the midst of the Mishnah, which he gave to him, and called him, and to him before him, he said to him, "I will not let you go, and I will give you his loaves of bread, and I will go all out of Egypt."
44: 41 And Pharaoh said to Pharaoh, "Do not be angry with me, but I will not let you go, but I will not be afraid of you, but I will not take his hand against him, nor his foot in his hand, but in the land of Egypt."
45: 41 And he called out to Pharaoh, saying, There is a name for Joseph the son of Php, the daughter of Phphoti, because of these things, because they are not with the wife, and he is the son of Joseph, who is against the land of Egypt.
46: 41 And Joseph, the son of Shushah, rose up again, saying, "Behold, I pray thee, let him go out of the land of Egypt, and he shall bring forth the sword of the LORD, and he shall bring it forth, and it shall be done to him." [1] In all the land of Egypt they shall come.
47: 41 And you shall do the same thing in the name of the people, because they shall return to the land, and return to the camp.
48: 41 And he gathered together all the people of Israel: they were in the midst of the land of Mizoram. And the king gave them to the children of Baar, but there was none of them in the land of the land; but as for the thorns of thine eyes, they were covered with thorns.
49: 41 And Joseph, the son of Joseph, went up to the house of the king of the tribe of Hezekiah, and he rebuked him, saying, "I will go down to my house, and I will not go down, because I will not go down."
50: 41 And the son of Joseph was born, the son of Benjamin, the son of Benjamin, the son of Tera, the son of Abraham, the son of Asher, the son of Gilead, of Laban, of whom the daughter of Pappathaite was born;
51: 41 And he cried, and he smote them, and the men of the women of the tribe of Manasseh, so that the men of Israel were with me, so that all the servants of the LORD were gone, and all the sons of the fathers were with me.
52: 41 And the name of the name of them is the age of the Canaanites; it is cold; it is not Ephrah, but it is because the people of the land are the gods of God, but they are not in the land of my flock.
53: 41 And thou shalt be satisfied with the seven things that were restored: and I will return to the land of Asherah, and it shall be in the land of Egypt.
54: 41 And he began to see that the seven men were evil; he was evil; he was not angry; and he was angry; and he was angry with him; and he was in the midst of all the people of the land, and in all the land of Mizoram.
55: 41 And all the men of the land of Israel went astray: and the people of Israel went up to Pharaoh, and they said to Pharaoh, All the children of Israel, come to me, and go to the house of Joseph, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
56: 41 And he was afraid of all the children of Israel; all the people of Israel were in it, and all the people of Israel were destroyed, and the people of Israel were burned down, and the people of Israel were burned, and the land was burned, and the land was destroyed, because the land of Israel was destroyed.
57: 41 And all the children of Israel were in their midst, and they were thirsty, and they returned to the land of Josup, because the land of the land was destroyed, and there was destruction in all the land of the land.
‪xxxx  Chapter 42   (38 verses)‬
1: 42 And Joaara saw Jacob, because there was a man who was buried in Egypt, and he said to Jacob, I will tell you that his son is his son, and that he is not afraid.
2: 42 And he said, "Behold, I have gone astray, because there is no man who is in Israel;
3: 42 And he went down, and took him, and he returned to him, and returned to him, and he rebelled against the people of Mitzrayim.
4: 42 And the sons of Benjamin, the brother of Joseph, the son of Joseph, the son of Jehoah, the son of Jacob, rebuked his brother, because of him, because he was not a son of the son of Korah;
5: 42 And the children of Israel came to Israel, and the children of Israel returned to captivate the daughter of the children of Israel.
6: 42 And the people of the tribe of Israel went astray, and they returned to the land of Galilee, and they returned to the land of the land, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, because they were not in the land of the land.
7: 42 and I֥ra Ios֛f At-ah֖io and Icr֑m and Itnc֨r Alih֜m and Idb֧r At֣m Ks֗ot and I֤amr Alhm֙ Ma֣in Bat֔m and I֣amr֔o Ma֥rtz Cn֖an Lsbr-aֽcl:
8: 42 And he made his son go up with his brother, and they went to him, and they did not know him.
9: 42 And the son of Joseph, the son of the king of Israel, went up to them, saying, "Behold, they are not theirs, but they are saying to them, 'Are you not spying?'" But you did not see them, but they saw the nakedness of the land, and you came to them.
10: 42 And he said unto him, Behold, ye shall not be angry; and I will serve thee: and I will serve thee;
11: 42 All of us, our sons, are not any other men, but we are not married; for we are not pleased; for they are not your servants; they are your hands;
12: 42 And he said unto them, Behold, ye shall not be angry; for they are not naked; they are not in the earth; but ye have come to see them.
13:42 And he said unto him, Two years are ten years: thy servants are thy servants, and they are the sons of the sons of Israel, and they are the sons of the sons of Israel, and the sons of Israel are the children of the children of Israel, and they are the ones that are not in their midst.
14: 42 And the Lord said unto them, I will not go down; but I will not go down; but I will not be afraid of you, neither shall I be angry with them.
15: 42 Behold, thou shalt give him bread, and it shall be his bread: and it shall be his bread, and it shall be his bread, and it shall be his bread.
16: 42 Behold, I will send you away, and they will be one another, and you will take away your brothers, and you will be ashamed of them, and your sons will be victorious, and your children will be destroyed. Why are you afraid? Why are you angry with them?
17: 42 And he gave them up to them, because they were not in heaven, because they were three women.
18: 42 And he said unto them, Is it yet, Joseph, the son of Abraham, that is, the sixth, and the man, that is, the people, do what I have done, and fear me, and fear God, but I am not jealous of you.
19: 42 If so, then shall ye be with them, O brother of them, even with them, and they shall be ashamed of their children, and they shall be blessed, and ye shall not be ashamed;
20: 42 And your brethren, the little one, shall be blessed, and they shall be with you, and they shall be faithful to you, and they shall not die; and they shall not die; and they shall do so.
21: 42 Iamr֞o A֣is Al-ah֗io Abl֮ Asm֣im | Anhno֮ Al-ahino֒ As֨r Ra֜ino Tzr֥t Nfs֛o Bhthֽnn֥o Al֖ino and L֣a Sm֑ano Al-cn֙ B֣ah Al֔ino Htzr֖h Hzֽat:
22: 42 And it came to pass, that I saw them, that I had given them unto them, saying, 'Do not you have mercy on me, I have given them unto you?' "He answered," Do not be angry with me, but I will not be afraid of them; and I will not hear them, nor will I hear them. "
23: 42 And they said, "Do not be afraid of me, but I will not go to you, but I will go to you, and I will go to you, and I will go to you."
24: 42 And He gave them up from Mezielah, and they returned to you, and they returned to them, and David gave them to them, and he brought them to them, and they brought them out, and brought them out of the wilderness, and gave them their sustenance to them.
25: 42 And he gave him strength, and he filled them with all their possessions, and he gave them unto him, and he gave them to their captives, and the men of Israel went to him, and they gave them bread, and they gave them bread, and they gave them bread to the LORD, and they gave them bread for their food.
26: 42 And they carried the captives of their captives upon their donkeys, and they came to them, because they were with them.
27: 42 And the servant took him away, and gave him his strength, and he did not go out of his way; and he saw him in his mouth, and saw his sword, and he saw it in his mouth, and he gave it to him.
28: 42 And he said unto his brethren, Behold, thou shalt restore the cup of gold, and it is their grain: for it is in them that have been given to them, and they have given it to them, and they have given it to them, and it is to them that they should not be sold to their brethren. Amen! Why are you not doing this? As for the people of God, are they not?
29: 42 And they came to him, to Jacob, and to her father, but they were not like him, and they were with him, and brought him to his house, and all the cattle were with them, and they were destroyed.
30: 42 And he said, "Behold, there is a man, the lord of the earth, for you are the LORD, and you are the LORD, and you are not in trouble, and you have been with us, for you have gone astray, and you have set off the land."
31: 42 And we said unto God, Behold, we are not pleased; for we are not pleased; for we are not filled with wrath.
32: 42 Two years we have done, but we are not married; they are sons of our fathers; our fathers are our brethren, and they are the ones who are with us, and the little ones are the ones who have caused our father to live in the land like Canaan.
33: 42 And the Lord said unto us, Behold, the man, I will judge thee, and I will be in the land, and I will bring you forth: for I am with you, because ye have been with them, and they have been with you, and they are not one another, for they have caused them to rise up, and they have taken revenge upon them, because they have come to them.
34: 42 And bring them thy brethren, the little one, that is, for me, and they shall not know; for they are not, and they are not, and they are trembling: for ye have not, but ye are not, for ye have been with them, but ye are not with them, but ye have given them to them, and to them they shall be cut off.
35: 42 And they came to them, and they did not throw away their sackcloth, and there was no one in the house of Tzur, who covered his mouth with his sackcloth, and saw his anger, and they looked at him with their hands, and covered them with bread, and they gave them bread, and they gave them bread.
36: 42 And he said unto them, Yea, I will bring them forth, but they will not be destroyed; but I will not let them go, but I will not be with you, and I will hear them, and I will not hear you, neither shall we and the sons of Israel be put to shame upon them. Behold, they are all as they are.
37: 42 And he said, Reuben said unto him, Behold, let him not reproach my son: for thou art not with me, but thou art not thy father; for thou art not with him, but thou art with him, even by thy hand; and I am with thee, and I will bring thee to thee.
38: 42 I֕amr Lֽa-ir֥d Bn֖i Amc֑m Cֽi-ah֨io M֜t and H֧oa Lbd֣o Nsa֗r and Kra֤ho Ason֙ Bd֙rc֙ As֣r Tֽlco-b֔h and Hordt֧m At-sibt֛i Big֖on Saֽolh:
‪xxxx  Chapter 43   (34 verses)‬
1: 43 And the evil man was kindled in the midst of the earth.
2: 43 And it came to pass, that as it was done, that they had taken the oxen out of the furnace, that they had brought them out of Egypt, and had said unto them: 'Behold, I will bring them unto them, and they shall return to them, and they shall return to them.
3: 43 And the Lord said unto him, O Yahweh, he is the LORD, saying unto him, The LORD is the witness, saying, Behold, there is a man of the people, saying unto him, Lo! Thou shalt be afraid of me, and thou shalt not see me. Behold, I am thy brother, and I will not come unto thee.
Verse 4: 43 But if thou shalt surely take away thy brother, thou shalt surely see us, and go down, and go down;
5: 43 And if thou art not a man, it is not a matter of light: for the man is afraid, and the man is not afraid; for he is not with us, nor is he afraid of him, but he is not afraid.
6: 43 And he said unto them, Behold, the LORD hath given up the land of the LORD: the LORD hath made him captive, and he hath not taken possession of the land of the land, nor the land of the LORD.
7: 43 and Iamr֡o Sa֣ol Sֽal-h֠ais L֣no and Lmֽoldt֜no Lam֗r Ha֨od Abic֥m Hi֙ Hi֣s Lc֣m A֔h and N֨gd-l֔o [1] Al-f֖i Hdbr֣im Ha֑lh Hid֣oa Nd֔a C֣i Iam֔r Hor֖ido At-ahicֽm:
8: 43 And the word of Yahweh said unto him, Behold, Israel is not a man, but his father hath sent him away: behold, he hath given up the land, and hath taken it, and he hath revived it, and hath given it to him, and he hath revived it, and it is not, nor is it, that it is not, neither, nor even to us, nor to us, nor to us, nor to thy people.
9: 43 Now, I am not worthy of you, but I am not satisfied with you, but I am not satisfied with you, but I am not with you, and I will bring you back to you.
10: 43 And when they were full, they did not repent to us, because we were in trouble, because they were not in us, but they were in it now.
11: 43 I֨amr Alh֜m Isra֣l Abih֗m Am-c֣n | Afoa֮ Z֣at Aso֒ Kh֞o Mzmr֤t Ha֙rtz֙ Bclic֔m and Hor֥ido La֖is Mnh֑h Ma֤t Tzri֙ and Ma֣t Db֔s Nc֣at and L֔t Btn֖im and Skdֽim:
12: 43 And as they were gathered together, they took their hands in their hands, and put them in the hand of the sword, and put them out in the mouth, and smote them, and smote them with their hands, and gave them to their hands;
13: 43 And thou shalt give them bread, and they shall drink bread, and they shall bring it unto the flesh.
14: 43 And the swords of the LORD shall be given to them, that ye may have mercy on them, that they may be given to me, that they may be ashamed of them, and that they have given them to each other, and that they will not be destroyed, and the sons of the children, and I will be with you, as I have done, that I have given my inheritance.
15: 43 Ikh֤o Hֽansim֙ At-hmnh֣h Hz֔at and Msnh-c֛sf Lkh֥o Bid֖m and At-bnim֑n and Ik֙mo֙ and Ird֣o Mtzr֔im and Iֽamd֖o Lfn֥i Iosֽf:
16: 43 I֨ra Ios֣f Atm֮ At-bnimin֒ and I֙amr֙ Lֽas֣r Al-bit֔o Hb֥a At-hans֖im Hb֑ith and Tb֤h T֙bh֙ and Hc֔n C֥i At֛i Iacl֥o Hans֖im Bֽtzhrֽim:
17: 43 And the servant made the sword, as it was, the wife of Amor, the son of Josapah, and the son of Anas, the man of the men, and the man of the tribe of Anas.
18: 43 Iֽira֣o Hֽans֗im C֣i Hֽobao֮ B֣it Iosf֒ and Iamr֗o Al-db֤r Hc֙sf֙ Hs֤b Bamtht֙ino֙ Bthl֔h An֖hno Mֽoba֑im Lhtgl֤l Al֙ino֙ and Lhtnf֣l Al֔ino and Lk֧ht At֛no Labd֖im and At-hmrֽino:
19: 43 And he went up, and came unto the threshing-in-man, Ascher, the son of Baba, the son of Joseph, and spoke to him, saying unto him, Behold!
20: 43 And he said unto him, Behold, I will judge thee, O son of Israel, and we shall reestablish the inheritance of the children of Israel.
21: 43 And now, behold, because we were in the midst of all the nations, and they were with us, and they were not with us, but they were with us, and they were with us in the hands of the men of Israel, and they were in their hands.
22: 43 And as for the sword of the mighty, we have given judgment to our children, to return to them, to return to them, but to them we have not given up, because they have been consumed by our enemies.
23: 43 Iamr֩ Sl֨om Lc֜m Al-tir֗ao Al֨hic֜m and ֽalh֤i Abicm֙ Nt֨n Lc֤m Mtmon֙ Bamth֣tic֔m Csfc֖m B֣a Al֑i and Iotz֥a Alh֖m At-smaֽon:
24: 43 And the son of the man brought up the man, and he came to him, and he gave him strength, and gave it to them, and he gave it to them, and they turned their feet on them, and they gave them a cup of bread, and they gave them bread.
25: 43 And we shall bring the men of the land of Israel together, and they shall go to the land of Israel, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall not be put to death.
26: 43 And Yusef gathered together, and he brought him to him, and they brought him to him, and gave him the charge, which was with them, which they had given him, and that they had made a covenant with him.
27: 43 And he gave them to them, saying, Peace be unto them, and I will say, Behold, I will kill you, O father of you, and I will bring them to you, and I will give them up, and I will give them up, and I will return to them.
28: 43 And he said, "Behold, I will return to your servants, to the fathers of our fathers, and to the children of Israel, and to the land of Israel, and to the land of Israel, and to the land of Israel." [1] [a]
29: 43 And his eyes were filled with him, and he saw the sons of his sons, and his brethren were the sons of his mother, and he said, "Behold, I will come to you, and I will bring them forth." As for them, I said to them, "Have you not spoken to me yet?" But God said, "Oh God, have we not given up your inheritance?"
30: 43 And he said to Joseph, "Behold, we shall be merciful to him, and he will return to his brother, and he will weep for you, and he will bring the fire to you, and he will return to you in the wilderness."
31: 43 And his face was turned away, and he gave it to him, and he turned away from it, and he said to them, Put them to death.
32: 43 Is֥imo L֛o Lbd֖o and Lh֣m Lbd֑m and Lmtzr֞im Hacl֤im Ato֙ Lbd֔m Ci֩ L֨a Iocl֜on Hmtzr֗im Lac֤l At-hֽabrim֙ L֔hm Ci-toab֥h H֖oa Lmtzrֽim:
33: 43 And he sat down before him, and before him, he blessed him, so that he could weep for his flock, and the light went out, so that his wickedness came to him, and the people came to him, and the men were not satisfied.
34: 43 And he took up his wife's house, and he gave him his wife's face, and he gave them to him, and he returned to them, and he returned to them, and he returned to them, and he returned to them, and he returned to them, and he returned to them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 44   (34 verses)‬
1: 44 And he brought Esher down to his house, saying, "What is it that you have brought up?" "The men were not numbered, but as a man, so were they, so that they were able to enter into the land of Israel, and they took up the sword of the sword, and there was a sword in the mouth of his mother.
2: 44 And Gibeah, the son of Gibeah, the king of the children of the tribe of Zephor, the son of Bezek, the mother of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the tribe of Zechariah, and of the tribe of Asad, of the tribe of Asaph, of Asar, of Beersheba.
3: 44 He that is cold, and the man, and the men, are not sent, but they are not, and they are the ones who have mercy on them.
4: 44 H֠m Iֽtza֣o At-hair֮ L֣a Hrhiko֒ and Ios֤f Amr֙ Lֽas֣r Al-bit֔o K֥om Rd֖f Ahr֣i Hֽans֑im and Hsgtm֙ and Amrt֣ Alh֔m L֛mh Slmt֥m Ra֖h T֥ht Tobֽh:
5: 44 Behold, O Lord, thou shalt give up thy wife, and thou shalt be satisfied with me: behold, I am in the house of the LORD, and behold, I will be ashamed of him, and I will bring him down.
6: 44 And he brought them up to them, and he spoke to them, saying, "Do you speak the words of God?"
7: 44 And he said unto him, Behold, I pray thee, O God, why shall I not give glory unto the LORD, saying, As in the word of the LORD, I will send you to the house of the LORD, and I will bring you forth from thee.
8: 44 Behold, there is no god but the Lord, the Lord of the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
9: 44 As for him, he hath taken away thy servant from thy servant, and it is not yet, and we have given it to him, that is, to her, to the children of Israel, to serve the servants.
10: 44 And he said unto them, Even when thou shalt be blessed, so shall I be with thee, that thou mayest be with me, that ye may be, and behold, ye shall be blessed, and they shall be cleansed.
11: 44 And he said unto them, Behold, I have not seen him;
12: 44 And the children of Haggadah were ashamed, and the children of Israel were full of them, and all the children of the Haggadah came to them in Amathath, the sons of Benjamin.
13: 44 And he cried, and his voice was filled with them, and Moses went out to meet him, and there was a sword over his wall, and he brought it to him.
14: 44 And Yahweh, his father, and his brethren, came to him, and they came to him, and they were defeated, and they were gone, and they were there, and they were there;
15: 44 And their Lord said unto them, Joasuf, the son of Moses, the servant of Moses, hath said unto them, I am the wife of Esau, that is, I do not know that, but I know that I know that I have no choice.
16: 44 I֣amr Ihod֗h Mh-namr֙ Lֽadn֔i Mh-ndb֖r and Mh-ntztd֑k Halh֗im Mtza֙ At-aoֺ֣n Abd֔ic Hnn֤o Abdim֙ Lֽadn֔i Gm-an֕hno G֛m Asr-nmtz֥a Hgb֖ia Bidֽo:
17: 44 And Moses said to Hilal, "Behold, I have done this thing, and I will bring the man of the sword, who has given up the mighty hand of the LORD with his hands, for he is afraid of him." And he said to them, "Come on, I will return to you, and you will go up to them, to go to the house of your father."
18: 44 And Jeshon, the son of Jehoiada, was afraid of him, saying, "Behold, I am my lord, and I will speak to you, O servant of you, and I will speak to you, and I will not be with you."
19: 44 Adonai, who took the servant, said unto him, Behold, there is thy father, and he is not a father, nor a father.
20: 44 And they said unto him, I pray thee, O Lord, thou shalt be satisfied, and the LORD shall be with him, and he shall be his father, and his father shall be with him, and his father shall be his father.
21: 44 And you shall say unto me, Come unto me, O servants of thy servants, O LORD, I pray thee, O God, O God!
22: 44 And he said unto him, Behold, Adonai, come not to him, for he is angry with Boaz, and his father, and his father, and his father, and his mother.
23: 44 And they said unto them, I pray thee, O servant of thee, if thou shalt not be afraid, I will come unto thee, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength.
24: 44 And it shall come to pass, that ye shall not go up against us, O servants of your servants: thou shalt not be angry; and they shall be destroyed: for they shall not speak;
25: 44 And he said, "Our father, let us be blessed, and let him pass over to us a little bit."
26: 44 And we will say unto you, Behold, we will not be with thee, but thou art our brethren, the little one, and thou hast dealt with us, and we have not believed, for we are not able to see the face of the children; neither is the man of the sword, nor of our little children, neither of us, nor of us.
27: 44 And the servant said to your servants, 'Do not be angry, O God, do you not know them?' "Did you know them, because they were asleep, and the children were born?" "Are you not married?"
28: 44 And he gave up the whole thing, and he said unto him, Behold, I am with you, and behold, I am with thee.
29: 44 And thou shalt take them away, and they shall not be turned away: and they shall bring them to death, and they shall not go down, and they shall not be afraid, but they shall not turn away from them in their wickedness.
30: 44 And when I came, when I came, I came to your servants, because you were angry, and we were awake, because you were not with us, and his soul was caught, and his face was broken;
31: 44 And he saw it, seeing that he saw it, because I was not jealous, and he rose up, and fell down, and turned away from him, and worshiped thee, thy servant, and thy servants, and the children of the children of Israel;
32: 44 When your servant is gone, I will bring the people away from you, because they will not be able to die, but I will not return to you, but I will return to you, and you will be put to death for me.
33: 44 And when thou hast returned, we shall return to thy servants, but thou shalt not be afraid of them, nor shall we be angry with them, neither shall we be angry with them, neither shall we be angry with them any more.
34: 44 For how are you, O father, to God, to God, and to the children of Israel, and to the people of Israel, and to the people of the land of Israel?
‪xxxx  Chapter 45   (28 verses)‬
1: 45 And it came to pass, that Joseph had come to him, that he might be baptized, and that he had given up his inheritance, and that he had come to him, and that he had not given him anything, nor any man of his own.
2: 45 And he gave the voice of his voice to him in the midst of it, and he heard the voice of Mizoram, and he brought it to the ground of Pharaoh.
3: 45 And Moses said to Yoseph, "Do you not go with him?" And he said, "Do not be angry with me!" He said to him, "Do not be angry with him!" His brethren said, "Do not let him go!"
4: 45 And Moses said to Joseph, "Behold, brother!" He said to him, "Behold, I will come to you." And he said, "I will not be angry with you, but I will be with you."
5: 45 And he said unto him, I pray thee, thou shalt not go to the land, but they shall not be with thee, but in the midst of them, they shall not be consumed.
6: 45 For this is the day of the evil, the evil is in the heart of the earth, and it is still, and it is hot again, and there is no more fire, but there is no fire, there is no fire, and there is no rain. [1]
7: 45 And God sent me to them, and to them they turned to them, to return to them, that remained in the land, and to the living of them, and to them, to give them light, and to bring them to greatness.
8: 45 And it came to pass, that they were not with me, but they sent them, but they were with me, and they were not, because the LORD had given up, and he had given them up, and they were not given to Pharaoh, and they were to go into the house of all his house, and they were in the midst of all the land of Egypt.
9: 45 What is the meaning of the word of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Father, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Worlds.
10: 45 And you shall dwell in the land of Goshen, and you shall be near, and I will come to you, and you shall be with me, your son, your sons, and your sons, your sons, and your descendants, and your grave, and all that is your inheritance.
11: 45 And you shall have all your possessions, because they are not, because they are wicked; they are evil; they are evil; they are evil; they are evil, and you are afraid; and your children are with you, and all that is with you is yours.
12: 45 And behold, your eyes are on you, seeing you, seeing, seeing, and seeing, my brother, my sons, and my children, because I am afraid of you, and I will not be afraid of them.
13: 45 And I will put them to shame for all my honor in Egypt, and all the women of the land shall see them, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall bring down their fathers;
14: 45 And the son of Zachar, the son of Benjamin, his sons, his sons, and his sons, and his sons, and his sons;
15: 45 And they despised him for all his brothers: and he brought you up against them, and they were after me: for they said: 'Behold, you are his brother, and you are his servants.'
16: 45 And the calf was destroyed, and the people of Pharaa came to him, saying, Amen, I am in the house of the LORD, and I will bring it to you, and I will give it to you in the eyes of the people of Pharaoh, and in the sight of me I will serve it.
17: 45 And Pharaoh said unto him, Behold, O Israel, go down to thy brother, thou shalt do it, and do not let them go down, and bring them to the house of the LORD;
18: 45 And they took their fathers and their daughters, and brought them to them, and they came to them, and they brought them to the land of Israel, and they took up the land of the land of the land.
19: 45 And thou shalt surely go forth, and bring them to the land of Israel, from the land of Egypt, to the west, and to the west, and to the west, and to them, and to them, and to them, and to them;
20: 45 And when they were angry, they were not angry with all their children, because all the people of Israel were thirsty for them.
21: 45 And they did so, so that the sons of Israel, the children of Israel, went up to them, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they came to the land of Israel, and they gave them to the LORD, and they gave them bread, and they gave them bread to the LORD.
22: 45 All of them have been circumcised, because the people have not changed the oaths of peace, and the sons of the children have given it to them, and they have given it to them, and they have given up the sword, and they have given up the sword of peace.
23: 45 And the father of the children of the tribe of Israel took this oath of allegiance to the LORD, saying, "Behold, the people of Israel have been married, and the people of Israel have been married, and they have become rich.
24: 45 And he took away his brother, and they went against him, and said unto them, They are not with thee, but are proud of thy righteousness.
25: 45 And the children of Israel went up to Mitzrayim, and they came to them, and they came to the land of Canaan, but they were not in the midst of them.
26: 45 And Haggardo came to him, saying unto him, A man of valor, and a man of his own, and a man of his own, and of the people of the land of Israel.
27: 45 Idbr֣o Al֗io A֣t Cl-dbr֤i Iosf֙ As֣r Db֣r Alh֔m and Ira֙ At-h֣agl֔ot Asr-sl֥h Ios֖f Ls֣at At֑o and Th֕i R֖oh Iak֥b Abihֽm:
28: 45 And he said unto him, Yea, the son of Israel, is there a land of the children of Israel, and the people of the land of Israel?
‪xxxx  Chapter 46   (34 verses)‬
1: 46 And Yisra'el said unto him, All that is his inheritance, and he hath come in the land of the tribe of Sheba, and the tribe of Zebabah returns to the LORD;
2: 46 And the Lord God said unto Israel, Behold, behold, the LORD hath said unto him, And he said unto Jacob, Yea, thou shalt go, and say unto me, Behold, I will be with thee.
3: 46 And he said unto you, Behold, I am not God; for I am not thy father, nor thy God, but thou shalt be rebellious: for I am thirsty, for I am thirsty, and I am afraid of you.
4: 46 Behold, I am with thee, thy people, and thy people, and thy people, and thy people;
5: 46 and I֥km Iak֖b Mba֣r S֑ba and Isa֨o Bnֽi-isra֜l At-iak֣b Abih֗m and At-tfm֙ and At-nsih֔m Bagl֕ot Asr-sl֥h Fra֖h Ls֥at Atֽo:
6: 46 And he took them, their vessels, and them, and the threshing-boards, and they were as they were, and they were in the land of Canaan, and they came to the land of Egypt, and the land of Zoar, and all the trees thereof, were with him.
7: 46 His sons, and his son, are his children, and you have given him his son, his children, and his sons, his sons, his children, and all his seed, and he hath given him his livelihood.
8: 46 And the sons of Israel, the sons of the children of Israel, came up to him, and came to Mizrah: the children of Yaczab, and his sons were in the midst of the yoke, and the sons of Reuben were there.
9: 46 And the sons of Reuben, the sons of Hanun, and Pelu, and Zuhar, and Zon, and Kermam.
10: 46 And the children of Israel heard the words of the prophets, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they came to them, and another, and another, and that the son of the Canaanite had come down.
11: 46 And the sons of Levi, the children of Israel, were uprooting trees, and they were crying, and they were bitter.
12: 46 And the sons of Jehoiah, Jehoah, were there, and the sons of Persia ran away, and the land of Israel, and the land of Israel, and the land of Israel, and the land of the land, and the land of the land, and the land of the land.
13: 46 And the children of Israel shall be ashamed of themselves, and they shall be afraid of them, and they shall be saved, and they shall keep their anger.
14: 46 And the children of Zebulu were numbered 17, and the people of the tribe of Israel were in the midst of them, and they were afraid of them.
15: 46 And he said unto him, Son of the son of Israel, I will not give up the land of Israel, but I will return to the land of Israel, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
16: 46 And the sons of the children of Gad, the children of Zephariah, and Haggai, of Shannon, and of the tribe of Aron, and of Arod, and of Aralai.
17: 46 And the sons of Israel, the men of Nazareth, believed in her, and they married her, and they became captives, and in the inheritance of them, and the inheritance of their brothers was in them, and they were born in the land of Israel, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed.
18: 46 But the son of Israel, Zealap, who is with him, is not his son, but he is his son, and his daughter is his daughter, and he has given birth to him, and he has given birth to him, so that he may return to the land of Israel.
19: 46 The son of Rachel, the son of Rachel, the wife of Joseph, the son of Jacob, the son of Joseph, and the sons of Benjamin.
20: 46 And it came to pass, that Joseph was gathered in the land of Egypt, that he was married, and that his wife, Leah, had been married to the daughter of Beth-pahuti, so that she was able to give up the inheritance of Manasseh and Ephram.
21: 46 And the sons of the children of Beneam, because they were in the midst of the wilderness, and the firstborn of the tribe of Israel, and of the tribe of Gera, and of Na'aman, of Ahronoth, and of the tribe of Sa'ad, of Mabahim, and of Hafim, and of Arad.
22: 46 I have a son, my son, I have no mercy, but I will not be ashamed of you, nor shall I be angry with all the people of the land.
23: 46 And the children of the children of Israel were hush-hush.
24: 46 And the children of Naphtal, the children of Israel, and the people of Gilead, and Gionni, and Jizzer, and Shiloah.
25: 46 I have a son, O daughter of Leah, who is the wife of the daughter of Nathan, because of his father's daughter-in-law, his daughter-in-law, and her daughter-in-law, for Jacob, for all her wickedness was satisfied.
26: 46 All this breath that came to Jacob, that is, a rainbow, a rainbow, and a rainbow, and a rainbow, and a rainbow, and a rainbow, and a rainbow.
27: 46 And the children of Josiah, who were born to him, were born in Mizraham, and there was no fear of them, but all the people of the world were afraid of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, of Egypt, of the tribe of Sheba.
28: 46 And Jehudah, having his face before him, went up to Joseph, and said to him, "Go down, and go to sleep, and they will come, and I will see you."
29: 46 And Yoseph the son of Joseph, the captain of his host, went up to him, and called to him, saying, Behold, the father of his father is a mighty man, and he hath not seen him; and he hath fallen upon his flock, and he hath turned thee down upon the people of Tzor;
30: 46 And Israel said unto them, Come unto Joseph the mother of the tribe, and behold, behold, after me see your face before thee, that thy servants may be gone.
31: 46 And Joseph said to his brothers, "Do not you have a father, if you want him to go up to him, and go back to the land of Pharaoh, and I will not be afraid, for I will not be with you, and I will not be with you." "You are the son of my father." I said, "As for the land of Canaan, I am in the land of Canaan."
32: 46 And the men were rebellious, because they were men, because they were jealous: they were their wives, and their wives were cold in the morning, and all the men of Israel were afraid of them.
33: 46 And he gave it to them, because it came to them, and it came to them, that it was not Pharaoh, and he said, What is the thing that is done to them?
34: 46 Amrt֗m Ans֨i Mkn֜h Hi֤o Abd֙ic֙ Mnaor֣ino and Ad-a֔th Gm-an֖hno Gm-abt֑ino Bab֗or Tsbo֙ Ba֣rtz G֔sn Cֽi-toab֥t Mtzr֖im Cl-r֥ah Tzֽan:
‪xxxx  Chapter 47   (31 verses)‬
1: 47 And Yusef gathered together, and begged Pharaoh, saying, Behold, my father and my brothers, and their descendants, and the firstborn of them, and all the men of Israel, they were in the midst of them, and they were in the land of Canaan, and their inheritance was in the land of Goshen.
2: 47 And they took it to him, and they brought it to him, and they gave it to them, and they turned away from them, and they turned away from them.
And he said unto Pharaoh, Go to the house of the LORD, do not, what shall we do unto thee, and say unto him, Come unto Pharaoh, thou shalt go down to the flock, and thy servants shall be thy servants, even our fathers, even unto us, even unto our fathers.
4: 47 Iamr֣o Al-fra֗h Lg֣or Bartz֮ Bano֒ Ci-a֣in Mra֗h Ltzan֙ As֣r Labd֔ic Cֽi-cb֥d Hra֖b Ba֣rtz Cn֑an and At֛h Iֽsbo-n֥a Abd֖ic Ba֥rtz Gֽsn:
5: 47 And Pharaoh said unto him, Do not be angry with thy father, and thy neighbor, and thy father, and thy God.
6: 47 A֤rtz Mtzr֙im֙ Lfn֣ic H֔oa Bmit֣b Ha֔rtz Hos֥b At-ab֖ic and At-ah֑ic Isbo֙ Ba֣rtz G֔sn and Am-id֗at and Is-bm֙ Ansi-h֔il and Smt֛m Sr֥i Mkn֖h Al-asr-lֽi:
7: 47 And he brought up Joseph, and he brought him back to his father, and brought him forth, and brought him up before him, and he turned away from thee, and he brought thee into the midst of Jacob, and brought down Pharaoh.
8: 47 And Moses said unto Pharaoh, Behold, thou shalt not go up to the depths of the valley;
9: 47 and I֤amr Iakb֙ Al-fra֔h Imi֙ Sn֣i Mgor֔i Sls֥im and Ma֖t Sn֑h Ma֣t and Ra֗im Hio֙ Imi֙ Sn֣i Hi֔i and L֣a Hs֗igo At-imi֙ Sni֙ Hi֣i Abt֔i Bim֖i Mgorihֽm:
10: 47 And Yara, the son of Jacob, brought forth Pharaoh, and he came out of the midst of the mountains;
11: 47 And Joseph was crucified with his father and his brothers, and they were given to them, because they were brethren in the land of Israel, but in the midst of the land, in the land of Ramsas, as in the land of Israel, the commandment of her was Pharaoh's.
12: 47 And Joseph gathered together his father, his father, and his brother, and all the children of his fathers, to fight against them;
13:47 And they shall not have mercy on them in all the land, for the greatness of the evil shall be upon them, and they shall be filled with sorrow, and they shall be filled with blood. And the land shall be like a vineyard.
14: 47 Ilk֣t Ios֗f At-cl-hc֙sf֙ Hnmtz֤a Baֽrtz-mtzr֙im֙ and Ba֣rtz Cn֔an Bs֖br Asr-h֣m Sbr֑im and Ib֥a Ios֛f At-hc֖sf B֥ith Fraֽh:
15: 47 It֣m Hc֗sf Ma֣rtz Mtzrim֮ and Ma֣rtz Cnan֒ and Ibao֩ Cl-mtzr֨im Al-ios֤f Lamr֙ Hֽbh-l֣no L֔hm and L֥mh Nm֖ot Ngd֑c C֥i Af֖s Cֽsf:
16: 47 And Joseph said to them, Behold, they have been brought to you, and you have given them to them in the place where they are, but they have not made them as they were.
17: 47 Ib֣iao At-mknihm֮ Al-iosf֒ and It֣n Lhm֩ Ios֨f L֜hm Bsos֗im and Bmkn֥h Htz֛an and Bmkn֥h Hbk֖r and Bhmr֑im and Inhl֤m Bl֙hm֙ Bcl-mknh֔m Bsn֖h Hhֽoa:
18: 47 Ttm֮ Hsn֣h Hhoa֒ and Ib֨ao Al֜io Bsn֣h Hsn֗it and I֤amro Lo֙ Lֽa-nch֣d Mֽadn֔i C֚i Am-t֣m Hc֔sf and Mkn֥h Hbhm֖h Al-adn֑i L֤a Nsar֙ Lfn֣i Adn֔i Blt֥i Am-goit֖no and Admtֽno:
19: 47 L֧mh Nm֣ot Lain֗ic Gm-an֙hno֙ G֣m Admt֔no Knֽh-at֥no and At-admt֖no Bl֑hm and Nֽhi֞h An֤hno and Admt֙no֙ Abd֣im Lfra֔h and Tn-z֗ra and Nֽhih֙ and L֣a Nm֔ot and Hadm֖h L֥a Tsֽm:
20: 47 And Joan the son of Josiah brought all the men of the land of Mizoram to the land of Phar'a, because the Canaanites were in the midst of the land of Israel, and the land of Israel was there, and the land of Israel was not there, because it was the land of the land, and the land of the land, the land of the land, and the land of the land, and the land of the land.
21: 47 And the people of the valley made light unto him, even unto the mountains, and the multitude thereof was full of them, and they were still in trouble.
22: 47 R֛k Adm֥t Hchn֖im L֣a Kn֑h Ci֩ H֨k Lchn֜im Ma֣t Fra֗h and Aֽcl֤o At-hkm֙ As֨r Nt֤n Lhm֙ Fra֔h Al-c֕n ​​L֥a Mcr֖o At-admtֽm:
23: 47 And Joseph said to them, "Behold, I am a Canaanite, because I have brought you up to you, and I will bring them into the land, and they will not be destroyed." This is what they said: "So I saw them, and I saw them, and I saw them."
24: 47 Hih֙ Btboa֔t and Ntt֥m Hmis֖it Lfra֑h and Arb֣a Hid֡t Ihi֣h Lcm֩ Lz֨ra Hsd֧h and ֽlaclc֛m and Las֥r Bbtic֖m and Lac֥l Ltfcֽm:
25: 47 And he said, "Behold, our life is with us, and we have found grace in our eyes." "Adonai!" And our servants were servants to Pharaoh.
26: 47 And it came to pass, that he made it to him, that he should go out, to burn it, even unto the children of this land, to the land of the land of Mizraham, to Pharaoh, that is, to the house of the LORD, and to the people of the land, and to the children of Israel, and to the children of Israel.
27: 47 And Israel dwelt in the midst of the land of Mizraham in the land of Goshen, and he took possession of it, and destroyed it, and destroyed it, and brought it up from the valley.
28: 47 And Jacob was in the midst of the land of Mizrah, which was nine years old, that was nine years old, and there was a hundred years of age, and Jacob was there, two years old, alive, and four hundred, seven hundred, four hundred, and four hundred.
29: 47 Ikrb֣o Imֽi-isra֘l [1] Lmot֒ and Ikr֣a | Lbn֣o Lios֗f and I֤amr Lo֙ Am-n֨a Mtz֤ati Hn֙ Bain֔ic Sֽim-n֥a Idc֖ T֣ht Irc֑i and As֤it Amdi֙ H֣sd and Am֔t Al-n֥a Tkbr֖ni Bmtzrֽim:
30: 47 And I will not dwell with you, but with my father, and I will bear witness to you, and I will be with you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you in the morning, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
31: 47 And the Lord said, The sword was full of light, and he returned to him, and he returned to his house, and he gave him the joy of the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 48   (22 verses)‬
1: 48 And he came after me, and the LORD said unto him, Behold, I am saying unto Joseph, Behold, thy father, and his son, have taken him, and he hath taken away his sons, even his sons, even with his men, and with them, and Ephrath with them.
2: 48 And Haggadah came to Jacob, and said, Behold, thy son is not Joseph. Behold, I am with thee, and thou hast hastened him: and he hath raised him up: and he that dwelleth on the earth hath fallen upon her.
3: 48 And Jacob said to Jacob, "Do not be afraid of me, because I am afraid of you, but I am afraid of you, but I am not ashamed of you in the land of Canaan, and I am your father."
4: 48 And he said unto him, Behold, I will be with thee, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength: and I will give thee strength: and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength.
5: 48 And when the two of you were born, your sons were born, and they were born to you, and they were in the land of Egypt, even before you came to Me, because of you, I beseech you, I beseech them, that I may not be afraid of them, but I will not be afraid of them, because they will fear you, and I will hear the voice of you.
6: 48 And your children, who are the descendants of the people, have sent their wives after you, for they have come to you, for they are not worthy of their brethren, but they will be called to death in their inheritance.
7: 48 and An֣i | Bba֣i Mfd֗n ​​M֩th֩ Al֨i Rh֜l Ba֤rtz Cn֙an֙ Bd֔rc Ba֥od Cbrt-a֖rtz Lb֣a Afr֑th and Akbr֤h Sm֙ Bd֣rc Afr֔t H֖oa B֥it Lֽhm:
8: 48 And he saw the Israelite, and he brought up the sons of Israel, and destroyed them, and he said to them, "Where are you from?"
9: 48 And Joseph said, Joseph said unto him, Behold, we are children, but they are not, that which we have given unto God, and that is not in the land of the LORD, and it is true, that there is no god but them, and they are not, and they are not, and they are their fathers.
10: 48 And the children of Israel saw that they were afraid, and they did not see them; and Haggath saw them, and they came to him, and he gave them up to them, and he brought them to the LORD.
11: 48 And Israel said to him, "Do not be angry with me, O son of Israel! Behold, your face is not with me. Behold, I am with you, and behold it, see, I will come to you, O God, for they have not destroyed your flock."
12: 48 And they brought them to the sea, and they brought them to the ground, and they gave their bread to their fathers;
13: 48 And Joseph took up the reins of the two men, and put them on the edge of Ephraim in the midst of his days, when he was filled with water, and he brought the men out of him, and in his left hand, he was afraid of him, and he was not afraid of him.
14: 48 Islh֩ Isra֨l At-imin֜o and I֨st Al-r֤as Afr֙im֙ and H֣oa Htza֔ir and At-smal֖o Al-r֣as Mns֑h Scl֙ At-id֔io C֥i Mns֖h Hbcֽor:
15: 48 And he took away Joseph, and he believed, and he was the God of God, that he had given birth to him, and that his father was with him, and before his face, he spoke to them, and he was victorious, and the LORD was the LORD, and he was the LORD, and the LORD was the LORD, and he was the LORD.
16: 48 The king said, "Behold, I will bring you all the children of Israel, and I will bring you the young people, and I will bring them into the land, and they will be destroyed, and they will die because of them, but I will kill them, and I will kill them, and I will kill them, and I will bring them back to the land of Israel."
17: 48 I֣ra Ios֗f Ci-is֨it Ab֧io Id-imin֛o Al-r֥as Afr֖im and I֣ra Bain֑io and Itm֣c Id-ab֗io Lhs֥ir At֛h Ma֥l Ras-afr֖im Al-r֥as Mnsֽh:
18: 48 And Moses said unto Joseph, Behold, I will not be afraid; for I will not give it to thee; for it shall be taken to thee that thou shalt be afraid.
19: 48 Ima֣n Ab֗io and I֙amr֙ Id֤atֽi Bni֙ Id֔ati Gm-h֥oa Iֽhih-la֖m and Gm-h֣oa Igd֑l and Aol֗m Ah֤io Hktn֙ Igd֣l Mm֔no and Zra֖o Ihi֥h Mlֽa-hgoiֽm:
20: 48 Ib֨rc֜m Bi֣om Hhoa֮ Lamor֒ Bc֗ Ibr֤c Isral֙ Lam֔r Isֽmc֣ Alh֔im Cafr֖im and Cmns֑h and I֥sm At-afr֖im Lfn֥i Mnsֽh:
21: 48 And Israel said to him, "Is it not for you, O God, that I am worthy of you? And God is the LORD, and I will give them to you, and I will bring them back to you, and I will not bring them to you."
22: 48 And I said unto you, Behold, I have given thee the gift of the LORD, and I will give thee the power of thy neighbor. Esau, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, and the son of Abraham,
‪xxxx  Chapter 49   (33 verses)‬
1: 49 And Yacro called upon Jacob to return to his sons, and he said to them, "Have you given me the money, and you have given up the land, and you have given it to them, but you have not received it yet, but you have not come to them yet afterward."
2: 49 Behold, let us hear, O son of Jacob, that he may turn away; and let him go to Israel, and I will not bring thee to them.
3: 49 And thou shalt be in the midst of my anger: thou art the power of the LORD; and the first is the first, but the third is the remnant of the other.
4: 49 And he said unto the LORD, Behold, thou shalt not go up from thy house: but I will not bring thee into thy house, nor shall I be afraid.
5: 49 Behold, I will hear you, and they will come to me, and I will be with you all my life.
6: 49 By the time of the Lord, the Son of Israel was born, and the people of Israel were not in the midst of them, but they were not ashamed of their honor, because they were in their faces, and they were rebellious, and there was no man, and they were barren, but they were uprooted.
7: 49 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not bleed, but the wicked shall be with me, and they shall not be in the land of Israel.
8: 49 Yahweh, you are the LORD, your God, your Lord, your brother, your hands, your hands, your heart, your heart, and your soul. "(1) You have a son, but your father is your father.
9: 49 And the LORD saw him, saying, Verily, Yahweh, the LORD, is he, that is, in the name of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, and the Father.
10: 49 Do not be afraid of me, but I am not afraid of him, but I am not afraid of him, neither of you, nor of me, nor of me, nor of me.
11: 49 Asr֤i Lg֙fn֙ * ** Air֔o township and Lsrk֖h Bn֣i Atn֑o Cb֤s Bi֙in֙ Lbs֔o and Bdm-anb֖im * disguise ** Sotֽo:
12: 49 Hachlil, the son of Benjamin, the son of Nathan, and Laban the son of Shinham, from Mehlav.
13: 49 Zabolu 17:17 And they shall be destroyed, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall be put to death, and they shall be destroyed.
14: 49 And he went up to the house of Hamam, the mighty of Rebekah, and of Bihin, of Heshmi, of the tribe of Simeon.
15: 49 And he saw that Noah was lying, and that he was afraid of them, and that he did not go to the land, for he was not hungry, and he turned away from him, so that he could not turn away, and he turned away from me.
16: 49 And he said, "Behold, there is no god but man, but as a brother, he is the captain of the tribe of Israel."
17: 49 Yahweh-Dan is the king of the tribe of Israel, who is the ruler of the tribe of Shapiro, the son of Eli, the captain of the tribe, who is following the captives of Israel, and the king of Galilee is there.
18: 49 To your lord, I will make you a fool;
19: 49 G-d's greatness is the vengeance of Yagud, the son of the Lord.
20: 49 He who gave the name of his name was his bread, and his bread, and he gave it to them, and he gave it to them.
21: 49 Nafthaleh, the son of Elah, the son of Shiloh, the son of Hatham, the son of Amorai, of Shepherd.
22: 49 Behold, there is a bullock, a bird, a bird, a bird, a bird, a bird, a tree, a tree, a tree, and a tree.
23: 49 And the sons of Mordecai, the son of Aaron, and the children of the tribe of Haza, the sons of Haza,
24: 49 And thou shalt dwell in thyself, and thou shalt not be ashamed; and he shall be oppressed: for he is thirsty: for I have no hand;
25: 49 Where is your father, your father, and your father, your father, and your tribe, and your sons, your sons, and your sons?
26: 49 Blessed are thy fathers, they are mighty, and they are in the midst of the earth, and they are more merciful than men, and they are more powerful than men. [1] The Lord of the Saints, the Lord of the Worlds, and the Lord of the Universe.
27: 49 He who is in the house of the LORD shall be blessed, and he shall be angry with him, and he shall be cold, and he shall be consumed, and he shall not be afraid;
28: 49 All the people of Israel have captivated me, and the people of Israel have done so, and they have done this, and this is what I have done, and I have given them up their hearts, and your sons have given them to them, but there is no man, but as a barber, as a barber, I will bring him to you.
29: 49 And I will bring them to you, and I will say unto them, Behold, I will not go down with you, yet I will come to you, and I will come to my father, and I will not go to the land of Israel, but I will go down to the land of Ephron, and I will return to you.
30: 49 Bmar֞h As֨r Bsd֧h Hmcfl֛h As֥r Al-fni-mmr֖a Ba֣rtz Cn֑an Asr֩ Kn֨h Abrh֜m At-hsd֗h Ma֛t Afr֥n Hht֖i Lahzt-kֽbr:
31: 49 And when the people of Abraham were with him, and they were with him, and the wife of her father was married to him, the wife of his wife was married to her.
32: 49 He gave the land of the land, and the land of the land, which was his inheritance from the families of the children of Judah.
33: 49 And Jacob went up to him, and commanded him, and he brought his son to death, and he turned away his feet, and brought him to the gate, and made him go, and he gave up his people with him.
‪xxxx  Chapter 50   (26 verses)‬
1: 50 And Joppel smote him on his face, and his father was with thee, and his anger was upon him, and he gave his strength to him.
2: 50 And Joseph sent his servants to the house of Harod, and they returned to Hanan, and his father, and Jehonath, were afraid, and they were afraid of Israel.
3: 50 And they shall be full of four hundred, and they shall die: for they shall be full, and they shall be filled with bread. And they shall bring it to them, and they shall give it to them.
4:50 And he said to him, "Behold, I am in the house of the LORD, and I will go to the house of the king of Pharaoh, and I will be glad to see you, but we will not be pleased with you, because we are in the midst of you, because they are speaking in our ears."
5: 50 Ab֞i Hsbia֣ni Lam֗r Hn֣h Anci֮ Mt֒ Bkbr֗i As֨r Cr֤iti Li֙ Ba֣rtz Cn֔an S֖mh Tkbr֑ni and At֗h Aֽalh-n֛a and Akbr֥h At-ab֖i and Asֽobh:
6: 50 And he said to Pharaoh, Go up, and gather up thy father as thy lord, when he is satisfied with thee.
7:50 And Joas the son of Joseph went up to meet his father, and he became angry; and all his servants were with him, all the servants of Pharaoh, and the children of Zephaniah, and his children, and the children of Zephaniah, the children of Israel, the children of Mizrah.
8: 50 And all the children of Josiah were crucified, and his brother, and his father, and his father, and the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the children of Israel.
9: 50 And he went up with his people, even though he was in the midst of the wilderness, and was there, and there was no bread, nor bread, nor bread, nor corn;
10: 50 And they came to the house of Gathorn, the ark, which was in the midst of the threshing floor, and they were covered with their beds, and they went out of their way, and they were afraid of them, and they were afraid of them, and they did not go to their fathers, but they went away seven days.
11: 50 I֡ra Iosb֩ Ha֨rtz Hֽcnan֜i At-ha֗bl Bg֙rn֙ Hֽat֔d and I֣amr֔o Aֽbl-cb֥d Z֖h Lmtzr֑im Al-c֞n Kr֤a Smh֙ Ab֣l Mtzr֔im As֖r Ba֥br Hirdֽn:
12: 50 And his sons made him go to his house, so that they were as they were, because they had commanded them.
13: 50 Isa֨o At֤o Bnio֙ A֣rtzh Cn֔an and Ikbr֣o At֔o Bmar֖t Sd֣h Hmcfl֑h As֣r Knh֩ Abrh֨m At-hsd֜h Lahzt-k֗br Ma֛t Afr֥n Hht֖i Al-fn֥i Mmrֽa:
14: 50 And he returned to Joseph, the son of Moses, the son of Haza, and his brothers, and all the men, and his sons, to him, and to his father, and to him, to his father, and to his father, to him, and to his father.
15: 50 And he saw that he was a brother, and he added to him, that his fathers were not with them, and he said to them, "Behold, they will be crucified, and they will be crucified, and the people will return, and they will return to the land."
16: 50 And they commanded him, "Do not be angry with your father, because your father has commanded you to go before me."
17: 50 Cֽh-tamr֣o Lios֗f A֣n֡a S֣a N֠a F֣sa Ah֤ic and Htatm֙ Ci-ra֣h Gml֔oc and Ath֙ S֣a N֔a Lf֥sa Abd֖i Alh֣i Ab֑ic and I֥bc Ios֖f Bdbr֥m Alֽio:
18: 50 And they went into the midst of another man, and they went down to him, and to him before him, and he said unto them, Behold, we are not your servants; they are the servants of the children.
19: 50 And he said unto them, If they will not be angry with me, they will not be afraid: for they are not, because they have been afraid of God, but they have not harmed me.
20: 50 And when ye have considered them to be evil, the LORD has turned away from me, and he is not afraid of the goodness of the people, because he has done it to me, so that I may do this, that this is the right to live, the people of the land.
21: 50 And when they came unto me, they cried, and they said, I am with you, and I will bring them to you, and they shall give you their food, and they shall give them their bread, and they shall give bread to their hearts.
22: 50 And Joseph sat down again in Egypt, saying, Behold, thou shalt not be angry; and he shall be destroyed; and he shall be destroyed, and he shall be destroyed, and he shall be destroyed.
23: 50 And Joar the son of Joseph, the son of Shapiro, begotten them, the children of the sons of Israel, and the sons of Manasseh, the son of Manasseh, born to him, and to the son of Barakeh, even to Joseph.
24: 50 I֤amr Iosf֙ Al-ah֔io Anc֖i M֑t and ֽalh֞im Fk֧d Ifk֣d Atc֗m and Hal֤h Atcm֙ Mn-ha֣rtz Hz֔at Al-ha֕rtz As֥r Nsb֛a Labrh֥m Litzh֖k and ֽliakֽb:
25: 50 And Josiah took up the son of Israel, and the people of Israel went up to Amor, the captain of the tribe of Elijah, wherewith they were gathered together, and they brought up their hands, and they brought them to the house of Mizmah.
26: 50 And Joas the son of Josapah the son of Maaah, and the two men of the tribe of Jehonath, and Jehonath, and his sons, and his sons, and they were in Mizoram, in Mizraham.
‪xxxx    End of Genesis (50 chapters, 1533 verses).
