‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.45. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Habakkuk (3 chapters, 56 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (17 verses)‬
1: 1 The charge is [C] [Q] [n] [p] אש֣֣֣ר חזז֔֔ה חַבּ֖קּ֖ק הננבּבֽבֽה:ה.
2: 1 - O son of Nina, the LORD is my God, send me away, and do not be afraid, I will cause you to go away, and I will bring you up to you, and I will not be afraid of you.
3: 1 For the Lord, behold, I saw the people of the land, and the people of the tribe of Zebul, and the tribe of David, and Hamzas, for the children of the tribe of Judah, and there was a river of mountains, and a valley of mountains, and there was a wilderness.
4: 1 Therefore, thou shalt not go astray, but thou shalt not be satisfied; and he shall not be victorious: for he is wicked, and he hath made evil;
5: 1 See, behold, the generations of the people, and the sons of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
6: 1 When the people of Hanan set up the tabernacle, they brought it forth, and the wall of the house went down to the west, to the west, to the west of the house of Samaria, to the east of Jerusalem.
7: 1 They are not, nor are they afraid, but they are not from judgment, but they have brought him to justice.
8: 1 And they made it easy for him, and they took him away, so that they were gathered together, and they were alone, and they were in the house of the LORD, and the people of Persia were with him, and his people were there, and they were not in the wind, and the children of Jacob were in them, and they were burned, so that they were able to eat.
9: 1 Whosoever shall have mercy on him, he shall not go astray, but he shall not enter his face, but he shall be destroyed, and he shall be crucified.
10: 1 And it came to pass, that it was in the kingdom of the LORD, that it might come to pass, and that it was reigned, and that it was not given to him, but to him he went out to the house of the king, and he brought forth the fire, and he was crucified with fire, and he came to the house of the king.
11: 1 A man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, and a man;
12: 1 Behold, thou shalt surely take up the house of the LORD, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God!
13: 1 Thou shalt not see the eyes of the eyes of the LORD, but the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth.
14: 1 And thou shalt make them, but they shall not be ashamed, but they shall be as they are, and they shall not be put to shame.
15: 1 All of you are in the midst of the earth, and the LORD is the one who is angry with him, and he will not let him go down in the heat of his city, and he will add him to him in his house, and he will keep him in their hands, so that they may be ashamed and proud.
16: 1 Therefore, he shall bring forth bread to the heat of his bread, and he shall stir it up, and he shall not put down his food, for he shall be ashamed of his bread, and he shall eat it, and he shall eat it, and he shall eat it.
17: 1 And the children of Israel went up against them, and cursed the people of Horm, and they went down to the mountains, and they came to them;
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (20 verses)‬
1: 2 And I will keep up with her, and I will bring her to the house of Nazareth, and I will gather her to see what she is saying, and she will speak to her, and she will come to her as she is standing on her right hand.
2: 2 And the LORD said unto me, Behold, the LORD hath said, I am the daughter of the daughter of the king, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of the land of Israel,
2: 2 When the vision of the beholder came to pass, he turned away, and gave up his bread, and he did not take it, but he did not turn away from it, nor did it come to him, but he was wise to his strength, because he came to the house of the LORD, and he returned to it.
4: 2 Behold, he hath taken care of him; he is not his servant, but he is afraid of him, and his righteousness is in him, and he is in his right hand, and he trusteth him in his life.
5: 2 and Af֙ Cֽi-hi֣in Bog֔d G֥br Ih֖ir and L֣a Ino֑h Asr֩ Hrh֨ib Csa֜ol Nfs֗o and H֤oa Cm֙ot֙ and L֣a Isb֔a and Ias֤f Alio֙ Cl-hgoi֔m and Ikb֥tz Al֖io Cl-hamֽim:
6: 2 The people of Israel, the people of the world, were over him, and the people of Israel were there; they were afraid of them, and they were crucified, and they were afraid of them, and they did not believe. And they said unto him, Bring him up to him, and he shall not go down unto him, and he shall not go down.
7: 2 Behold, thou shalt not go in thy mouth: for thou hast lost thy treasure, and cut off thy wrath from thy anger, and thou hast given to him to lust for his lust.
8: 2 When [U] you have gone, you have gone to the house, but you have not yet given up all your possessions, so do not you ever go back to the people, because I am a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, and all the people that dwell in him.
9: 2 And the children of the children of the children of Israel went up to the house of the LORD, and gave him bread in the wilderness, but he was able to escape from the hand of the LORD.
10: 2 And when thou shalt be satisfied, thou shalt not give to thy daughter a multitude of people: for they are multiply, and are hot, and your soul is not afraid.
11: 2 For the son of the son of Makkir was despised, and the people of Mezetz were hungry.
12: 2 And the sons of the children of Israel were burned with blood, and they were burned, and they brought them down in the land of Baal.
13: 2 Behold, we have taken away from the presence of the LORD, the LORD, the tribe of Zion, and the people of Zion, and the people of the land, in the hands of the people of Israel, and against the people of the land of Reuben;
14: 2 When thou hast filled the earth, thou shalt bring down the rod of the LORD, O LORD, as it is, and it shall be covered up with it for the children of the house.
15: 2 Behold, the servant of the Lord is the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, of the sword of the LORD, and of his strength, and of his strength, and of his strength, and of his strength.
16: 2 I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
17: 2 When the children of Hamam went to Laban, Yacus saw you, and he went down to the house of the dead, and he lived there, because he was a man. He was a man, and he was a man, and he was a man, and he was all his people.
18: 2 And behold, the people of the Philistines, the Philistines, the people of the Philistines, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel.
19: 2 The Lord, the Lord is the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
20: 2 And he saw him, saying, Behold, he hath sanctified his sanctuary; and he hath taken away his strength;
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (19 verses)‬
1: 3 Thou shalt bring forth bread, and the bread of the grain, and it is the grain of the thorns.
2: 3 Yahweh, that is my name, I will bring you to the heavens, and I will see you, O Jehovah, your Father, and I will give thee strength in the midst of two years, and I will give him life in the midst of two years, and I will bring them forth.
3: 3 God is the Lord of the worlds. [U] Who is the son of the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe.
4: 3 וננ֙גּ֙ה כ֣א֣ורר תתֽהיי֔ה קה קְר֥נ֥י מם מִייד֖ו֖ו ל֑ו֑וְש֖םםם חבב֥י֥ו ען עזזֽֽה:. [Q] [q]
5: 3 Before him, let him go down to the grave, and he will bring up the enchantment to his feet.
6: 3 And the people of the tribe of Rehoboth saw it, and the children of the tribe of Gittizam came, and they came to the land, and they came to the mountains of the mountains, and went back to their land, and they came to them, and went to them.
7: 3 Thou shalt not see the land, but see it, and I will be with thee, and I will not go down.
8: 3 Behold, the sons of Hara are the sons of Yahweh, but the sons of the sons of Israel are your fathers, but their fathers are your fathers, because you are not far on the earth, because you are the one who will make you happy.
9: 3 Arise, thou shalt not bow down to thy wickedness, that thou shalt be satisfied, and that thou shalt not go down: but the scepter shall be pure, and the seed shall be the seed of the seed.
10: 3 Behold, your Lord is the LORD, and He is the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the Universe.
11: 3 That the fifth day shall be a month, and that they shall be brought to the house of the LORD, that is, your children, and they shall be given to you, and they shall return to you in the wilderness of Hanathiah.
12: 3 In the midst of the people, Thou shalt go forth in the midst of the sea;
13: 3 I will give thee strength, for I will give you salvation for thy people, because I will bring thee out of thy presence, and I will give thee strength: thou shalt not give up the earth, even if it is not the land of the wicked, nor the land of the land, nor the land of the land.
14: 3 Thou shalt bring forth in his mouths unto the Lord of the Fire: * Praise be to him, and he shall not be afraid: for I will not be able to overcome them; but I will go up to them, as they have done unto me.
15: 3 Thou shalt see them in their midst, but they shall not lift thee up: and they shall not be destroyed.
16: 3 Sm֣ati | and Trg֣z Btn֗i Lkol֙ Tzll֣o Sft֔i Ib֥oa Rk֛b Batzm֖i and Tht֣i Arg֑z As֤r An֙oh֙ Li֣om Tzr֔h Lal֖ot La֥m Igodֽno:
17: 3 So that the people of the land of the people of Israel were ashamed of them, and they were not ashamed of them, because they did not do anything, but they did not do anything.
18: 3 And I will be with him, O son of Israel, and I will go to the house of Aguila with God, and he will be saved.
19: 3 YHWHHH [Q] [n] [p] Adonayahu Hilil is my father, and I am the one who made the pilgrimage to Israel, and the people of Israel are still in the house, and I will not go back to you, nor will I be able to take advantage of your sons.
‪xxxx    End of Habakkuk (3 chapters, 56 verses).
