‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.45. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Hosea (14 chapters, 197 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (9 verses)‬
1: 1 Dbr-iho֣h | As֣r Hi֗h Al-hos֙a֙ Bn-bar֔i Bim֨i Azi֥h Iot֛m Ah֥z Ihzki֖h Mlc֣i Ihod֑h and Bim֛i Irba֥m Bn-ioa֖s M֥lc Israֽl:
2: 1 Thl֥t Dbr-iho֖h Bhos֑a P. I֨amr Iho֜h Al-hos֗a L֣c Kh-lc֞ A֤st Znonim֙ and Ild֣i Znon֔im Cֽi-zn֤h Tznh֙ Ha֔rtz Mֽahr֖i Ihoֽh:
3: 1 And he led him, and he took the daughter of Gatham, the daughter of Diblah, and he became arrogant, and he gave birth to him, and they were in their midst.
4: 1 And the word of the LORD came to him, saying, "Behold, I will come to you, and I will go to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
5: 1 And behold, I am in the house of the LORD, and behold, I will not be afraid; and I will bring thee to the house of the women of Israel.
6: 1 And thou shalt go up again, and thou shalt worship him, and he shall say unto him, Lo! Thou shalt not be satisfied; for there is no bread; for there is no bread; for it is not a bread, nor a bread, nor a bread, nor a bread, nor a bread, nor a bread, nor a bread.
7: 1 And the daughter of the daughter of Jehudah, the daughter of Abraham, and of the tribe of Judah, were there in the house of God, because they were not their wives, and they were not numbered of them, but they were not in the midst of them, and they were in the midst of battle, and they were fighting in the wilderness, in despair, and in the wilderness,
8: 1 And you shall take the lamentation of the LORD, and the LORD shall be with them, and they shall be born in the midst of them.
9: 1 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be satisfied; for thou art not with me; for thou art not with me, neither are I, nor am I, but I am not the God of them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (25 verses)‬
1: 2 and ֽ֠hih Msf֤r Bnֽi-isral֙ Ch֣ol Hi֔m As֥r Lֽa-im֖d and L֣a Isf֑r and ֽ֠hih Bmk֞om Asr-iam֤r Lhm֙ Lֽa-am֣i At֔m Iam֥r Lh֖m Bn֥i Aֽl-hֽi:
2: 2 And, behold, the children of Israel gathered together, and the sons of Israel, the sons of Yahweh, were there, and made their tents, because they were rebellious, and they were afraid of them, and they went up from the land, because they were too great, and they were afraid of them.
3: 2 Say: "Behold, I will bring you together with me, and I will come to you, and I will come to you."
4: 2 And your heart is in you, and it is not in the heart, but it is not in your hands, but it is not a woman, nor a man, nor a man, nor a man;
5: 2 Penny-Aphshit, the son of Aron, the king of Israel, and the king of Israel, the king of Israel, and the king of Israel, and the king of Israel, and the king of Israel, and the king of Israel.
6: 2 And the sons of her sons were not their wives, because they were not sons, but they were strangers.
7: 2 Wherefore, when thou hast gone down, they have gone down, and they have lost their wives; for they have been given to them, so that they may be put to death, saying, I will come unto you after my death.
8: 2 Therefore, I, behold, I brought thee down to thy way, and in the wall of the sea, and I saw my shield, and I gave it to her;
9: 2 And thou shalt bring down the love of it, and it is not, nor is it, that thou shalt give them bread, but it is not in the straw, nor in the straw, nor in the straw, nor in the straw, nor in the straw, nor on the ground, nor on it, nor on it, nor on it, nor on it, nor on it, nor on it, nor upon it, nor upon it;
10: 2 And it is not the land of the Lord, but of the Lord, for it is not, but I am not worthy of it, but I have given it to the people of the earth, and they have given it to me, and they have given it to me, and I have given it to the multitude of my enemies, to it, and to it, and to the people that do it,
11: 2 For this reason, I have committed adultery, and you have taken it, my religion, in the time of my death, and I have given it to you, and I have given it to you, and I have given it to you, and I have turned away from it, and I have turned away from it.
12: 2 And when she saw her, she took away Nabaloth, because she was not with her, because she loved him, and the man was not able to save him.
13: 2 And I will return to all the senses of the feast: the feast shall be a new month for her, and her captivity shall be her, and she shall be filled with joy.
14: 2 And the charge is not over, but it is not, nor is it, that is, it is not, but it is as it is said, O Lord, that is, it is not, that is, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord.
15: 2 and Fkdt֣i Al֗ih At-im֤i Hbalim֙ As֣r Tkt֣ir Lh֔m and T֤ad Nzmh֙ and Hlit֔h and T֖lc Ahr֣i Mahb֑ih and At֥i Sch֖h Nam-ihoֽh: P.
16: 2 For this reason, behold, I have given it to me, and I am not satisfied with it, and I have given it to the Lord, and the Lord has given it to me, and I have spoken to it. [Q] [n] [p]
17: 2 And I brought to her her vineyard, which was their bread, and she gave it to her, and she gave it to her, and she brought it to her: and she gave it to her, so that she might go to the house of the king, so that she might go to the house of the LORD, and she would return to her. [U] עתלתת֥ה֥ה מאאֽרץץ-מצרִֽֽםם.
18: 2 And behold, the day of the house of the LORD was called upon, O Yahweh, that thou shalt call, I am a man, and behold, I will not see my eyes;
19: 2 And you shall put down the name of the Lord, and the people of the heavens shall be lifted up from it, and they shall not be remembered, but they shall be destroyed in their name.
20: 2 and Crt֨i Lh֤m Brit֙ Bi֣om Hh֔oa Am-hi֤t Hsdh֙ and Am-a֣of Hsm֔im and R֖ms Hֽadm֑h and K֨st and H֤rb and Mlhmh֙ Asb֣or Mn-ha֔rtz and Hscbt֖im Lbֽth:
21: 2 And I will give you the inheritance, and I will return to you, and I will raise your inheritance for you, and I will be in the land of righteousness, and in the land of the land, and in the land of the land, and in the land of the LORD.
22: 2 And I will make your inheritance unto thee, that I may believe in thee, and I will bring forth the LORD thy God.
23: 2 And he said, "Behold, I will come to you, and behold, I will come to you, and I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will bring you to the land."
24: 2 And the earth shall be satisfied with the fish, and the fire, and the heat, and the heat, and they shall not feed it, nor shall the seed be afraid.
25: 2 And Zerathiah came to me, saying, "Behold, I will go to the house, and I will kill you." And I said to him, "Have mercy on me?" And he said, "Behold, my people are not my people. My people are my people."
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (5 verses)‬
1: 3 and I֨amr Iho֜h Al֗i A֚od L֣c Aֽhb-as֔h Ah֥bt R֖a and Mna֑ft Cahb֤t Ihoh֙ At-bn֣i Isra֔l and H֗m Fnim֙ Al-alh֣im Ahr֔im and Ahb֖i Asis֥i Anbֽim:
2: 3 And I will bring you up to me, and it shall be in the fifth day, that I will make a wall for you, and I will cut down the hair of your hair, and your hair will be filled with barley.
3: 3 And it came to pass, that there were many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many.
4: 3 For, yea, they shall return to the land, and they shall return to the land of Israel, but they shall not be filled with wine, nor shall they be filled with wine, but they shall be filled with wine, and they shall not be consumed.
5: 3 Ah, the son of Yשש֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙נ֣ ֣ י י י י֔֔֔֔֔ ו ו ו֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙ ֖֣֣ מַ מַ ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו א ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו א א א א א א ו א א א א א א א א א א א א֛֛֛֛֛֛֛֛ א֛֛֛֛֛֛֛֛֛֛֛֛֛֛֛֛֛֛֛֛֛֛֛֛֛֛֛֛֛֛֛֛֛֛ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (19 verses)‬
1: 4 Behold, O son of Israel, speak to me, O son of Israel: for I will not return to the land of Israel, but I will return to the land of Israel, because there is no nation, and there is none of the land of the land, nor the land of God, nor of the land of the land.
2: 4 Behold, God, and his strength, and his desire, and the garden, and the people, and the people, and the people, and the people, and the people;
3: 4 Therefore, thou shalt give up the land, and it shall be full of all the people of the land, and it shall be in the midst of the land of the land, and it shall be filled with bread, and the land shall be filled with water, and it shall be filled with water.
4: 4 Wherefore, thou art a man, a man of light, and not a man, neither is there any man, nor thy people, that is, as he rebelled against them, as they were.
5: 4 And when thou shalt fail, thou shalt be ashamed, and it shall be full, even with thy people: thou shalt go down, and my blood shall be thy mother.
6: 4 Behold, I am not with you, but I am afraid of you, because I have not seen you, but I have not seen you, and I have not seen you, nor have I forgotten you, and I have forgotten you, and I have forgotten thee, O God, thy God, I will give thee strength;
7: 4 And as for them, they were not, but they were not, but they were as they were, because they were in the midst of the light of the fire.
8: 4 Thou shalt not bear with his people: but he shall be consumed, and they shall not be put to death;
9: 4 And behold, they were like that, so that they were broken, and they overcame him, and his eyes were on him, and they made him miserable.
10: 4 And they shall eat it, and they shall not return: they shall not return to it, nor shall they be broken;
11: 4 Behold, thou shalt be ashamed, and let him be ashamed;
12: 4 My people are in the midst of their wickedness, and they have taken care of them, and they have taken away from them, and they have come to the land of Israel, and they have taken it away, so that they may return to the land of Israel, and they will not enter into their land.
13: 4 Al-ras֨i Hhr֜im Izb֗ho and Al-hgbaot֙ Ikt֔ro T֣ht Al֧on and Lbn֛h and Al֖h C֣i T֣ob Tzl֑h Al-c֗n Tzn֙inh֙ Bn֣otic֔m and Clotic֖m Tnaֽfnh:
14: 4 Lֽa-afk֨od Al-bnotic֜m C֣i Tzn֗inh and Al-clֽoticm֙ C֣i Tna֔fnh Ci-hm֙ Am-hzn֣ot Ifr֔do and Am-hkds֖ot Izb֑ho and A֥m Lֽa-ib֖in Ilbֽt:
15: 4 If the son of Zonah saw him, they would not go up to them, but Yahweh, the son of Judah, and the son of Thabo, would not go up to Gilgal, nor would they go up to the land, but they would not enter, and they would not be able to live.
16: 4 When the unbelievers came, they went to the sea, and the people of Israel went up, and the people of Israel came to them, and the LORD was afraid of them, because they were in the midst of the wind.
17: 4 And the people of Asheb, the son of Ephrath;
18: 4 And the sabbath of Saba came unto them, and the son of Zephaniah said, "Behold, I will love you, and I will love you, and I will love you, and I will love you."
19: 4 And the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel, and the children of Israel, the children of Israel;
‪xxxx  Chapter 5   (15 verses)‬
1: 5 Smao-z֨at Hchn֜im and Hks֣ibo | B֣it Isra֗l and B֤it Hm֙lc֙ Haz֔ino C֥i Lc֖m Hmsf֑t Cֽi-fh֙ Hiit֣m Lmtzf֔h and R֖st Fros֥h Al-tbֽor:
2: 5 And they slaughtered the people of the tribe of Amethiko, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed.
3: 5 I am with you, my children, and I will not be afraid of them; but I will not forget that I am with you, because I am afraid of you, but I will not be afraid of them, nor will I be afraid of them.
4: 5 Do not let us give up the things that are in store for them, because the Lord will return to God, and he will be with them, because they will not see the zealous ones, because they are in the midst of them, and they will not be afraid of them.
5: 5 And when the men of Israel came up to him, they went down in his face, and the people of Israel went on, and Ephraim fell upon them, and they did not find him; they were not in their midst, but they were destroyed, as they were consumed by the LORD, even with their people.
6: 5 And when they were born, they were still in the house, but they were not consumed; they were not satisfied, but they feared the LORD, and they were not saved, and they were afraid of them.
7: 5 Behold, the children of the children of the children of Israel were born, and the sons of the children of Israel were strangers, and they came to the house of the LORD, and they came to him, and they were consumed, and they destroyed the land of Hilkiah.
8: 5 Thou shalt not lift up the shofar, but it is in the midst of the thorn, and it is not in the earth, but it is in the earth;
9: 5 And Ephrem is the son of Levi, the son of Solomon, who is the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, the son of David.
10: 5 Behold, I am a minister of Israel, Yahweh, a man, as a ruler, a mighty man, a mighty man, a mighty man, a mighty man, a mighty man, a wise man, a wise man.
11: 5 Do not go astray, but I will not go astray, because I will not be afraid, but I will come to you after my death.
12: 5 And I will go down to Ephrath, and I will come to the house of Jacob, and Yahweh will return.
13: 5 and I֨ra Afr֜im At-hli֗o and ֽihodh֙ At-mzr֔o and I֤lc Afr֙im֙ Al-as֔or and Isl֖h Al-m֣lc Ir֑b and H֗oa L֤a Iocl֙ Lrf֣a Lc֔m and Lֽa-igh֥h Mc֖m Mzֽor:
14: 5 For when I am with you, when the light is gone, to Ephram, and as a cup of light, to Jehovah, Yahweh, I am saying, I am not, but I am not angry, and I will not let you go, nor shall I be ashamed of you.
15: 5 I will not kill you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
‪xxxx  Chapter 6   (11 verses)‬
1: 6 Let the people die, and they shall return unto the LORD, and they shall be with you; and they shall not be afraid, and they shall be afraid of thee, and they shall be with thee.
2: 6 Let us live from the day of the day, the third day of the third day, when we shall be gathered together, and we will give life to him before his face.
3: 6 And Nedada, the son of Neradap, came to Judah, and he brought the LORD out of the house, as he did after the rest of the land, and he went out, and his son came out, and he gave him bread, as it was in the name of the people,
4: 6 What is your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name and your family's name.
5: 6 Therefore, behold, the half-hour of my life is with the sons of Nabi, and you are not afraid of me, because I am in your judgments, and I will judge your judgments.
6: 6 When I saw the sheet of bread, I saw it, and I saw it not, and I saw it, and I saw it not.
7: 6 And they said unto them, Wherefore hast thou spoken, that is, in the land of their name, wherewith ye have defied themselves?
8: 6 6 The people of the tribe of Korai, the descendants of the people of Israel, were destroyed;
9: 6 And as for the wise men of Gadud, they are not the people of the people, but they are the same: for they are running against thee, so that they may be wise: for when the time is ripe, do them.
10: 6 At the house of the Israelites, I saw them, and I saw them: * Shame on them, and the people of Israel came to them, and they returned to them, and they returned to their land, and they returned to their land.
11: 6 Also, Yahweh, the LORD, is there a little light for you, because you are in captivity, and the people of Israel are still with you?
‪xxxx  Chapter 7   (16 verses)‬
1: 7 And as for the children of Israel, and for the children of Israel, they went astray, and they were in the wilderness, and there was no evil; but they were silent; they were rebellious, and they were not; but they were gone; but they were not, and they were not, and they were not, and they were not.
2: 7 And they did not say unto them, Thou shalt not give unto them all their wickedness: for they have gone astray, and they have gone astray, but they have not gone away, and they have gone astray.
3: 7 In their wickedness shall they take you away from you, and in their midst they shall be saints.
4: 7 All of them are from the people of the tribe of Ephraim, and they are the people of the nation, and the people of the land of Israel, the inhabitants of the land, the people of the land, and the people of the land.
5: 7 The Lord of the angels, the angel of the Lord, is the king of the people of Israel, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth.
6: 7 When the children of Korab came to them, they were burned to their hearts, but in the midst of them all, they were all gone, and they were there, and they were there, but they were not, but they were cold, and they were not in the air, as they had done to the LORD.
7: 7 Whosoever shall be ashamed of them, and they shall eat all their rulers, and all their kings, and they shall not be consumed; they shall not be cold, but they shall be with me.
8: 7 When the people came, they were afraid, but the people were afraid of them, but the people of Ephraim were there.
9: 7 Behold, he is a stranger; he is his strength, and his power is his strength, and he is not afraid, but he is afraid of him, and he is not satisfied with him.
10: 7 And it came to pass, that the people of Israel came to him in his face, and that he did not return to him, but went to the house of Yahweh, but God said to them, Behold, they are not, and they are not in Kushua, and they are in him in all things.
11: 7 And there was Ephrayam, the Canaanites, and the children of Israel; they were not in the land of Israel, but they were not, and they had been destroyed.
12: 7 As for the people of Israel, they have turned their backs on them, and they have made their inheritance, as they have done to them, but they have not been afraid of them, but they have not been afraid of them, but they have been forbidden to do so when they have heard their promise.
13: 7 And their wives, the children of Israel, were born, and they were born, and they were not, because they were the children of the tribe of Judah, because they were the children of the people, and they were not in their midst.
14: 7 And I will not be angry with you, but my heart is in their hearts, so that they may go down to their dwelling places upon the earth, and they will be ashamed, and they will be ashamed, and they will be arrogant.
15: 7 And I will not lift up my breasts, and I will give them up their horns, and they will not be afraid.
16: 7 There is no god but them, and they are not in the midst of the earth, nor are they in their midst.
‪xxxx  Chapter 8   (14 verses)‬
1: 8 But unto thy neighbor, is he that hath sent down the house of the son of the son of the son of the daughter of Yahweh, the son of Jonah, who has passed away in the wilderness, and in the sight of the land of the land?
2: 8 Lo! The LORD shall be thirsty, O God, O God! Behold, I fear thee, and thy people shall be saved.
3: 8 The children of Israel, the children of the tribe of Ohev, and Oyibab, of Jeroboam. [U]
4: 8 They have led them astray, and they have not come from Me, but they have been warned, and they have not taken their hands, but they have done their things, and they have done them, but they have done them, but they are not sad;
5: 8 And the angel of Eglise, the son of the king, rose up, saying, "Behold, they have been burned down, but they are still alive, yet they are not."
6: 8 And when Israel came out, behold, it was not another city, but it was made as it was, and it came to pass, God is not, but it is not, that it is not, and that it is not.
7: 8 When the children of Israel were gathered together, they came to Israel, and they came to the city, to the east, to the east, to the east, to the east, to the east, to the east, to the west, to the east, to the east, to the west, to the east, to the east, to the east, and to the west.
8: 8 The people of Israel have lost hope, but they have not come, but they have come to them, so that they may be consumed.
9: 8 So that the people of the land of Israel went up to the land of Israel, the land of the land of Israel, and the land of the wilderness,
10: 8 For they are not ashamed, but they are not in their homes, but they have come to them, and they have taken them away, and they have taken away from them what is coming from them, because they are not among you.
11: 8 For when the LORD was afraid of Ephrath, it was not from Zeboth, but to him that they were not, they were not from Zeboth, but they were slaughtered.
12: 8 * I will write - ** I will write to you, and I will write to you, and I will return to you.
13: 8 8 The altar of gold is the gold, and the meat of the flesh is nourished, and it is nourished by the LORD, because it is not their will, but their desire is for them, and they will be saved, and they will not die, and they will not be afraid of their sins, but they will die because of their thirst.
14: 8 And Yisra'el restrained the children of Esau with him, and he rebuked him, and the sons of Hichael were afraid of him, and they were afraid of him, but he rebuked him, and they were burned in the wilderness of the villages, and they sent him away, and they were put to rest in his cities, and consumed them with their trees.
‪xxxx  Chapter 9   (17 verses)‬
1: 9 Do not be afraid of the children of Israel, nor of the children of Israel, nor of the children of Israel, nor of the children of Israel.
2: 9 And Jeanne, and he was not in the midst of them; he feared them not; and he allowed them to flee.
2: 9 And he returned not to dwell in the land of the LORD, but he was in the land of Ephrath, but the people of Nazareth were there, and in the midst of the fire, he was dead;
4: 9 Do not let him go down to the Lord, and he will return to him, and he will return to him, and he will return to him, and he will return to the land of Israel, and he will return to the land of Israel.
5: 9 מֽהֽ- תעעששּ֖וּו ל֣י֣ו מום מעע֑ד ודּל֖י֖וםם חגגְהוהוֽה::
6: 9 When the children of Israel came to the land of Israel, the people of Egypt were gathered together, and they were gathered together, and they were gathered together, and they were burned to the throne, and they were destroyed, and the land was destroyed, and the land was destroyed, and they were not in their tents.
7: 9 בּ֣א֣א |ו י יממ֣֣י הפפּקֻּדּ֗ה ב בּ֚א֚אּוְּמ֣֣י הששלל֔ו֔םם [U] ידד֖ע֖ו י יִשרר֑א֑ל אל אוו֣ל הַלננ֗ב֗ב֗ה ש מאגאגג֙א֙ה֣ה֣ה מה מה מהְה מה מה מה:ה מַה מַה:ה:ה:ה:ה: מַה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה מַה מַה מַהנהנהנהנהנהנהנהנה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַ מַה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַה מַ מַה
8: 9 And Zippo, Ephrath, was with God, but he was not a prophet, but he was an oppressor, a ruler over all his ways, and he was a ruler of his tribe, because he was in the midst of his God.
9: 9 The people of the Levites, the inhabitants of the land, were destroyed, and the people of the land were destroyed;
10: 9 Canb֣im Bmdb֗r Mtz֙ati֙ Isra֔l Cbcor֤h Btanh֙ Br֣asit֔h Ra֖iti Abֽotic֑m H֜mh B֣ao Bֽal-fa֗or and Inֽzro֙ Lb֔st and Ihi֥o Skotz֖im Cahbֽm:
11: 9 And Ephrath, hewed, and hewed, and hewed them in their honor, and they were born of the children, and they gave birth to them, and they came out of their tents.
12: 9 But when their children were raised up by their children, and they were destroyed, they were destroyed, because they were hungry, because they were in their midst, and they were not in their midst.
13: 9 When I saw it, I saw it, and I saw it, and I saw it, and it came to me in the midst of it, and it came to Ephron, to bring it to the house of the LORD.
14: 9 Thou shalt give them bread, yea, yea, yea, wherewith are ye, thou shalt give them bread, and the bread of their bread, and the wine of the wine,
15: 9 All their evilness is in them, and they are in the midst of it, because they have hated it, but they have not hated it, but they have not gone back to their land, nor have they ever been hungry.
16: 9 And the LORD hath given it to him, and he hath given it to him, and he hath given it to him, and he hath given it to him, and he hath not given it to him.
17: 9 May God be pleased with them, for he is not afraid, but he is not listening to him, and his words are, and they are not lost; they are in their glory.
‪xxxx  Chapter 10   (15 verses)‬
1:10 He was a son of a thief; he was a man of the tribe of Israel; his wife, his wife, was his wife, and his wife, and his wife, his wife, and his wife.
2: 10 And the children of Laban, the children of Israel, went up to the house of the LORD, and they returned to them, saying, "Behold, they are not afraid, but their glory is theirs;
3: 10 When the time came, he said, "Do not say, 'Do not be angry with me, because they are not yours, for they are not.'" "No, I am not afraid of you, but you have taken away the LORD." [Q] [v] And he led you to what you did.
4: 10 Speak, speak, speak, and speak; for there is no god; but there is no fear, and there is no fear, and there is no fear, but the Lord is the Lord, the Lord of the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
5:10 For the wheels of the earth were they, and they were not, but they were broken, so that they were able to keep silent, because they were rebellious, because their fathers were with him, and his people were over him, and they overcame him, and brought him to the house of his people, because they were afraid of him.
6: 10 And his father gave him to Esau, the son of Joab, the son of Manahah, for he was born in the midst of the LORD, and he was in the sleep of Ephrath, and the son of Yekkeh, and his sons, and his sons, and his sons,
7: 10 And he went down, saying unto them, Behold, thou shalt not cling to it, as it is poured upon the face of the children.
8: 10 And they shall be destroyed in the midst of their wickedness: for they are sinful, and they are the children of the children of Israel, and they are the children of the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel;
9: 10 From the days of the Haggib, the sin of the people of Israel, the people of Israel, who were with them, did not come to them, but they did not come to them, because they were in the midst of the battle of the land, because of their sons, because they were with them.
10: 10 In them are they, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall be crucified, and they shall be exalted, but they shall not be in prison; but they shall not drink; their eyes shall be filled with wine.
11: 10 And Ephram the king of Eglise, of Hammadah, came to Me, and gave birth to the children of Israel, and the people of the tribe of Anbar, and the sons of the tribe of Anbar, the captain of the tribe of Korach, the captain of Ephrath, the son of Jehoah, the son of Jehoiad, of Judah, of Judah;
12: 10 Give them strength, and they shall not be justified: they shall be cut down, and they shall be given to the fire, and they shall be burned down, and they shall be burned down, and they shall be ashamed of them, and they shall fear the LORD, even if they are against them, and they shall not be afraid.
13: 10 Harsh, thou shalt go down to the land of Israel, but thou shalt cut them down: if ye eat them, they shall not be fruitful; so shall they be ashamed of your children, because you shall be in your land, even in thy glory;
14: 10 And when the people of Shon were with you, and all your fortunes were destroyed, they were destroyed, as though they had been destroyed, and they had been destroyed, because they had not been destroyed, but they had not been given to them, because they had been destroyed because of their sons.
15: 10 Thou shalt do as thou hast done unto me, but thou shalt not go astray from the face of evil, but thou shalt not be angry with them, but the wicked shall be in the midst of the rest of the land; they shall be destroyed, and your inheritance shall be with me.
‪xxxx  Chapter 11   (11 verses)‬
1: 11 When the children of Israel came to him, and loved him, and the people of Egypt, they came to me, and they brought me to Lebanon.
2: 11 And they called unto them, and they said unto them, Behold, thou shalt bring them forth from their faces, but they shall not bring him forth: and he shall bring forth his anger, and they shall not be put down to him;
3:11 And I will raise up my anger against Ephram, but I will take them away, because I will be afraid of them, and I will not know them.
4: 11 But in the midst of them, I will surely bring them to the land of love, and I will love them, and they will come to them, because they will not be destroyed, because they will be destroyed for their lives, and they will not be consumed by their enemies.
5:11 Lo, I will go back to the land of Israel, and the people of Nazareth shall be destroyed, and they shall be destroyed.
6:11 And the people of Hebron were destroyed in the midst of his captivity, and his wealth was in his hands, and his food was consumed by the fire.
7: 11 And the people of Thaluah returned to the house of the captivity of the tribe of Israel, and they came unto him, and called upon him, saying, Yea, the son of David, shall not be lifted up. [U]
8: 11 I will give you a hand, and I will give you a shield, and I will give it to you, and I will make you happy, and I will give you strength, as it is in the land, because I will deliver you to you, as I have commanded you, and I will not lift you up.
9: 11 Lo, I am not a man; but he is not a man; but he is a man; and he is not a man; but he is not a man; but he is not a man;
10: 11 Behold, the LORD, O Jehovah, will come to him, as if he is his father, and he shall bring up his anger, so that he may be ashamed, and he shall be ashamed, and his children shall be ashamed of their children.
11: 11 Yea, it shall be like a bird, and it shall be made of the Egyptians, and it shall be given to them from the land of the land, and it shall be shut down, and they shall return to their houses, and their houses shall be filled with wine.
‪xxxx  Chapter 12   (15 verses)‬
1: 12 And I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
2: 12 Ephrimeam, the wife of Ro'am, the wife of the king, and the father of the children of Israel, all of them, and all the children of Israel, and all the people of the land of Israel, and of the tribe of Israel.
3:12 And Reuben, the son of Jehoiu, was with Judah, the son of Levi, and the son of Levi, the son of Yֲֽ-י-י-י֙֙֙, who was with him in the midst of his vineyard.
4: 12 And the son of Ekron rebelled against his brethren, and came to his presence, and sent the LORD to God.
5: 12 And he said unto the king, Come to me, and I will be blessed with thee, and thou shalt be humbled unto him, and in him shall I come unto thee, and they shall find them, and when they die, they shall bear witness with us.
6: 12 And the LORD said unto him, O God, I am the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
7: 12 And thou shalt be blessed, thy God, and thou shalt bring the law, and the judgment thereof, that thou shalt be sanctified, and bring it unto the LORD thy God;
8: 12 As for the children of Israel, they are in their hands, and they are not in their sight, because they have made it impossible for them to do anything.
9: 12 And Abraham said unto Ephrath, Thou art my servant, O my servant, I am thirsty, but I am with you, so that I may come to you, that I may come to you, that I may not find them;
10: 12 And the LORD, O God, is thy God, thy God, from the land of Egypt: for the people of Israel are in the midst of the sea;
11: 12 And I will bring my children to the house of the prophets, and I will be with you, and I will give you bread, and I will fight against you.
12: 12 If the people of Gilboa go astray, they will not be with you, but they will be ashamed of them, and they will return to the land of Israel, and they will return to their land, and they will return to their land, and they will return to their land.
13: 12 And Jacob, the son of Jacob, returned to the land of Israel, and he saw them, and the people of Israel went up in the midst of the land of Israel, and in the land of Israel they were destroyed.
14: 12 And it came to pass, that the LORD had lifted up the LORD, and he had brought the Israelites out of Egypt, and the sons of Nabih, they had been saved.
15: 12 Behold, I will not be angry with you, but you shall be oppressed, and his blood shall be upon him, and he shall be turned away, and his sword shall be filled with fire;
‪xxxx  Chapter 13   (15 verses)‬
1: 13 As the father of Ephrath said, "This is the people of Israel; they are not the people of Israel, but the people of Israel are in their midst, and their nation is in despair."
2: 13 At֣h | Ios֣fo Lht֗a and Ias֣o Lhm֩ Msc֨h Mcsf֤m Ctbonm֙ Atzb֔im Mas֥h Hrs֖im Cl֑h Lhm֙ H֣m Amr֔im Zbh֣i Ad֔m Agl֖im Iskֽon:
3:13 13 Therefore, behold, it is the same as the bow of the cold, and the rod of the rod of the gladness is gone, so that it may come to you as if it were coming, and it will come out of the fire, and it shall be done to them, so that they may be satisfied with it.
4:13 And the LORD your God, O God, is your God from the midst of the land of Egypt, and God is with you. "" My God, my Lord, is not a nation, nor a nation, nor a nation. "
5: 13 I know you, because thy face is in the wilderness, but in the land of Thalub, I know.
6: 13 As in their wickedness, when they sat down, they returned, and turned away from them, and they came to their hearts, so that they might not forget me.
7:13 And they came to them, but as they were, they began to go down, as though they were in the midst of the fire of the fire, and of Assyria.
8: 13 I will not be able to bring them into captivity, but they will be filled with sorrow, and they will be filled with sorrow, and they will eat there, as in the heart of their hearts.
9:13 Thou shalt bring thy sword, that it may be sown, that ye may be ashamed of me in thy heart.
10: 13 Oh my God, I am your angel, and I am the Lord of the worlds, and the Lord of the earth is your Lord, and I will be with you in the midst of thy greatness, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
11: 13 Thou shalt not give thee the bread of thy hand, but in the mouth of the abyss, and in the midst of the wilderness of the wilderness.
12: 13 Thou shalt not go down: but thou shalt not be angry;
13: 13 Behold, ye shall be ashamed of him: ye shall see him, and he shall be his son, and he shall be his son: behold, they shall be with him, and they shall not be angry with them.
14: 13 Who is the king of Saul, who has taken the name of them, because of the kingdom of Eghel? Why are you not with me? Your words are the same. [U] Who are the people of the world? What is your name? What is your name? What is the meaning of these words? Why did you not see them?
15: 13 And when they came, they were in the midst of them. [U] The children of Israel were born, and the children of Israel were in the midst of the LORD. The LORD was the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Savior, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 14   (10 verses)‬
1: 14 Thou shalt not be satisfied; for it is not so long, but for the wicked, for it is bitter; for it is in the heart of the people, that the people of the world shall be filled with it; they shall be filled with lust, and their mountains shall not be destroyed.
2: 14 So the LORD returned to Israel, saying, "The LORD is the LORD, O God, your God, for he is with you, and as he is in the midst of you, he is your servant."
3: 14 Behold, they are with you, and they are speaking of the word of the Lord, and his voice is upon him: for he is saying unto him, Behold, thou shalt say unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go down; thou shalt go out. 17 And thou shalt take it, and thou shalt not be satisfied;
4: 14 As for the people of Israel, the Lord of the worlds, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
5: 14 Serpent, I am the Lord of the worlds, but I have loved them, but they have not given me away; therefore I have not been able to repent.
6: 14 Behold, thou art a dish unto Israel; and it shall be fruitful unto thee: as the scepter of the scepter is, and thy scepter shall be his scepter.
7: 14 And they went to him, and they took him away, and they were not, and they were like this, and they were not in his hands, and they were afraid of him, because they were like sons.
8: 14 And Joshua dwelt among him, and he returned to him, and in his shadow, he lived, and his life was with him, and his fruit was like a grain of corn, and he remembered it, so that it might be given to the children of the children.
9: 14 Ephram, what is the meaning of the word, the word of the Lord, is the word of the Lord, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty;
10: 14 מ֤כ֤י חך ויי֣ב֣בֽבֽבֽה א֔נ֔ל נה נָב֖ב֖ן וייֽיֽעעע֑ע֑ם ע֑ב֑ה כם לֽישי-ייו וה וֽיֽיֽעעע֑ם ע֑ב֑י כם ו וישישיְי וה וֽיֽיֽעעי֑ם ו ויֽיֽי֑ה וייֽיֽי֑ם ו ויֽיֽי֑ם ו ויֽיֽי֑ם ו ויֽיֽי כם ו ויֽיֽי כם ו ויֽיֽי כם ו ויֽיֽי כם ו ויֽיֽי כה ו ויֽיֽי כם ו ויֽיֽי כם ו ויֽיֽי כם ו ויֽיֽי כם ו ויֽיֽי כם ו ויֽיֽי כם ו ויֽיֽי כם ו ויֽיֽי כם ו ויֽי וי כם ו ויֽי וי כם ו ויֽי וי כם ו ויֽי וי כם ו ויֽי וי כם ו ויֽי וי כם ו ויֽי וי כם ו ויֽי וי כם ו ויֽי וי כם ו ויֽי וי כם ו ויֽי וי כם ו ויֽי וי כם ו ויֽי וי כם ו ויֽי וי כם ו ויֽי וי ום ו ויֽי וי ום ו ויֽי וי ום ו ויֽי וי ום ו ויֽי וי ום ו ויֽי וי ום ו ויֽיֽי ום ו ויֽיֽי ום ו ויֽיֽי ום ו ויֽיֽי ום ו ויֽיֽי ו
‪xxxx    End of Hosea (14 chapters, 197 verses).
