‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.45. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Isaiah (66 chapters, 1291 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (31 verses)‬
1: 1 The vision of the Lord, the son of the Ammonite, is the son of Amor, the son of Amoz, the son of Asher, the son of Zerah, the son of Jehudah, the son of Jehu, the son of Jehu, of Judah, the son of Jehoiu, of Judah, of Judah;
2: 1 Hear, O Israel, that I am the LORD, and I will give you strength; for I am the LORD, the LORD, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, and the Lord, and my Lord;
3: 1 The servant of the LORD hath made his flock, and his father, and his father, the father of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel;
4: 1 The Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, the people of Israel, the people of the land, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel.
5: 1 And when the people of Israel came to them, they came to the house of the LORD, and all the rest of the hearts of the LORD were with him.
6: 1 And from the beginning of the earth, and from the beginning, they came, and they were not destroyed, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and they were not in it, neither were they captivated, and they were not, nor were they blessed.
7: 1 I will make you a place for them, and they shall not be burned, but they shall be burned, and their bodies shall be destroyed, but they shall not eat you; they shall not be consumed; ye shall not eat; they shall not be consumed, nor shall they be put to death, but as they are, they shall be strangers.
8: 1 And the daughter of Zechariah gave her strength, as if she were in the midst of the vineyard, as she had given her bread in the thickets of her bread.
9: 1 Lo! The LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord!
10: 1 Hear, O God, speak to them, and they shall be cut off, and they shall be destroyed, for they are our enemies, and our God is the God of our people.
11: 1 What is the purpose of the Lord, your Lord, your Lord, your Lord, your Lord, your Lord, your Lord, and my Lord, Lord of the Worlds, and the Lord of the Worlds, and the Most High?
12: 1 When they were thirsty to see, they looked before me: who was they that brought them out of your hand? And they were not cut off.
13: 1 Lo, he is not a sinner, but he is not a sinner, but he is a sinner, but he is a sinner, and he is a servant.
14: 1 Thou shalt give them bread, and it shall come to thee that thou shalt be satisfied. Nafshai! Behold, I am not above me, yet I am not a man;
15: 1 And in their mouths, because of them, their eyes are on them, but their eyes are not on them, but their eyes are full of them, because they are not quarreling, but they are reproachful: for I am not in heaven, but their hands are still, but they are not full of fear.
16: 1 Behold, they have gone astray; they have turned away from them; they have turned away from you; they have turned away from you, and they have turned away from us;
17: 1 From his hand hath he turned away, and he hath turned away from the fire, and he hath turned away from him, and he hath turned away from him, and he hath turned away from him;
18: 1 To him we shall die, and we will die because of this, and the LORD will die, but the LORD will be with you, and they will be with you, as they are, and as the children of Israel, the children of Israel, will not be like the children of Israel, nor will they be like the children of Israel.
19: 1 If thou lustest, and hear it, thou shalt not be satisfied; and thou shalt surely eat it.
20: 1 And if thou shalt be satisfied with them, and they shall be destroyed, they shall not be destroyed, but they shall not be destroyed;
21: 1 Where are you, that is, to Zonneh? Where are my villages? We have believed in them, and they are full of them. The people of the tribe of Tzedek, the children of Israel, are not in the midst of them, but they are not fighting against them.
22: 1 As a cup of your hand, it is not enough for you, but your grandfather is not satisfied with what is in it.
23: 1 Behold, they are glad, and they are mighty; they are mighty; they are great; they are mighty; they are great; they are mighty; they are mighty; and they are mighty; they are not.
24: 1 For they are worthy, they are the people of Edon, but Jehovah is the LORD, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
25: 1 And my soul, my heart, shall be upon thee, and thy voice shall be as it is, and it shall be done to you, and it shall be done to you, and all your hair shall be with you.
26: 1 And thou shalt be a captain of the tribe of Israel, and it shall be in thy name, that thou mayest be satisfied with it, and I will make thee, as in the beginning, and after it, behold, it shall come to pass, that thou mayest see the light of the thorn, and it shall not come to pass.
27: 1 And Zippon, in the court of the tribe of Safed, redeemed her, and returned her to Zedek her son.
28: 1 And when the people of Pharisees sinned, they sinned, and sinned, they were afraid, and they went away, and the LORD was with them.
29: 1 When they were ashamed, they were afraid of them, but they were not destroyed, but they were not ashamed, and they were afraid of them, and they were afraid of them, but they were not in their midst.
30: 1 And when the children of Israel came to them, they came to the house of the LORD;
31: 1 And he, behold, he was the son of Hasson, the son of Nerath, and his wife, and his wife, and the children of Nazareth, and the children of Adon, the two sons of Judah, and Yahweh, and Jehoin, of Maccabah,
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (22 verses)‬
1: 2 The word of the Lord is the name of Moses, the son of Moses, the son of Judah, the son of Ammon, the son of Ammon, the son of Jehu, of Judah, of Josiah, and of Josiah.
2: 2 And behold, in the second day of the day, the people of Nihon, the sons of YHVH, were in the house of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of Israel, all of them, and all their families.
3: 2 and ֽhlc֞o Am֣im Rb֗im and Amro֙ Lc֣o | and Nal֣h Al-hr-iho֗h Al-bit֙ Alh֣i Iak֔b and Ir֙no֙ Mdrc֔io and Nlc֖h Barht֑io C֤i Mtzion֙ Ttz֣a Tor֔h and Dbr-iho֖h Miroslֽm:
4: 2 and Sft֙ B֣in Hgoi֔m and Hoc֖ih Lam֣im Rb֑im and Ctt֨o Hrbot֜m Lat֗im and Hnitֽotihm֙ Lmzmr֔ot La-is֨a G֤oi Al-goi֙ H֔rb and La-ilmd֥o A֖od Mlhmֽh: P.
5: 2 Yea, the son of Jacob, rebuked him, and went in unto thee, in the coming of the LORD, O LORD,
6: 2 For when the people of thy people shall be satisfied, the children of the yoke shall be destroyed, because they are full of bread, and they shall be filled with bread, and the children shall be born, and they shall not be consumed.
7: 2 And you will not be satisfied, but you will not be disappointed, and you will not be able to save your fortunes, and you will be filled with desire, if you want, you will be defeated, and you will not be disappointed.
8: 2 And he murmured, "Arise, O God, do not let him do what his hands do!" He said, "I have given my life to the people of Israel."
9: 2 And the children of Edom went astray, and Ish-e-Eshul fell down, and he did not come to them.
10: 2 Behold, in the midst of the fire, and the heat of the furnace is in the air, and before me is the mouth of the LORD, the LORD, and he that is with him, and he that is his neighbor.
11: 2 The eyes of the mighty are great, the man is the man, the sword of the Lord, and the Lord of the earth, the man of the people, and of the people of the land, and of the people of Judah,
12: 2 And when they came to him, they went to the LORD, and they came to them, and all the men of Gaga came to them, and ran away from them, and all the men of the tribe of Israel did not go down.
13: 2 And all the children of Arzah, the sons of the sons of Hormon, were raised up, and the men of Israel were married, and all the men of the land were gone.
14: 2 And all the mountains were lifted up, and they were lifted up, and all the people went astray, and the ships were brought up.
15: 2 And all the men of the world went up, and went up to the sea, and all the men of Judah came to the land of Zorah.
16: 2 And all the vessels of the land shall be plowed, and the grass shall be full, and all my living things shall be filled with bread.
17: 2 And the people of Gabbath, the people of the people, and the people of the land, rose up, and became men, and the people of the LORD, the LORD, came to him, and to his children, and to them,
18: 2 And all the gods are full of joy.
19: 2 And behold, they were in the midst of the mountains, and the people of Tire, and in the midst of the wilderness, before the children of Israel, before the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
20: 2 Behold, the LORD is the LORD, and he is your God, and the Lord is his God, and he is the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, and of the people of Israel.
21: 2 Come, and behold, the children of Israel shall come to the land, and the people of the land shall return to the land, and the land of the LORD shall come forth from before. The LORD shall be the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
22: 2 Behold, I have given thee strength for the sake of the Lord, but I have given it to the people of Israel, because it is not in the abyss, because it is in the midst of it, that it is in the heat of the earth.
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (26 verses)‬
1: 3 For, behold, the Lord, the Lord, is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, and the Savior.
2: 3 And he rose up, and there was a sea of ​​bread, and there was a sea of ​​water, and they came to it, and their land was cut off, and they were thirsty.
3: 3 A servant of Hamash, and they were married, and they turned away from them, and they came to them, and they were wise to the deaf;
4: 3 And they gave themselves up: they were awake, their servants, and they were transgressing, and they were not in their power.
5: 3 And when the people were caught, there was a man in the midst of the sword, and there was a man in the midst of his anger, and he was afraid of him, because he was afraid of them, because he was contemptuous of them, and the curse was upon them.
6: 3 And when he was finished, when his brother was with his brother, he was with him, and his father was with him, and he went to him, and he said unto her, Behold, thou shalt not be satisfied, and this is the law, and this is the law, and thou shalt give your hand away.
7: 3 Behold, he shall bring forth the children of the house, and he shall not be satisfied with them. 7 And he shall bear witness to them, and he shall not be satisfied with them.
8: 3 For when the people of Israel have come to an end, they are not ashamed of them, and they are afraid of them, because they have not spoken to them, nor have they ever heard of them.
9: 3 The faces of their faces, and their sins, were in their midst, and they were sinned against them, because they were not ashamed of them, because they were afraid of them, because they were afraid of them, but of their souls, because they were hungry, because they were evil.
10: 3 Say, 'You are a Tzaddik, because you are not afraid of me, because I am afraid of you, because I will make you miserable.'
11: 3 A man of the Lord, the Lord of the heavens, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World!
12: 3 My people, the people of Nogash, are filled with misery, and the people of Israel are not satisfied. My people are among you, because they are your people, and they are afraid of you, and I am your lord. Your heritage is your inheritance.
13: 3 Nitzav rebuked Yahweh, and he rose up and went down to David, but they were not with him.
14: 3 Yahweh is in the court of the tribe of Jacob, with his people, and with his people, and with his servants, and with them, in the midst of their anger, because they are rich, they are rich, and they are rich, because they are in their midst.
15: 3 * Your king, what is your name, and what is your name?
16: 3 and I֣amr Iho֗h I֚an C֤i Gֽbho֙ Bn֣ot Tzi֔on and Tl֙cnh֙ * ** Ntoi֣ot Gr֔on spun and ֽmskr֖ot Ain֑im Hl֤oc and Tff֙ Tl֔cnh and Brglih֖m Tacֽsnh:
17: 3 And the people of Adonai were sanctified, and the children of Ziyyon, Tzion, and Jehoah, the daughter of Phatah, were there.
18: 3 Behold, this is the voice of the Lord, the voice of the Lord, the Lord of the universe, the people of the universe, and the captives of the people, and the host of the nations.
19: 3 And he that is good, and good, and he that is good, shall be gone;
20: 3 The Pharisees and the victories are the same, and the Kushites have been destroyed; and they have come to me, and they are the fear, and the whispering is their strength.
21: 3 The people shall be satisfied, and they shall be fed up.
22: 3 Whosoever hath saved the children, and the mother of the children of the tribe of Israel, and the men of the tribe of Israel, and the nations of the world.
23: 3 And the gallonites, and the officers, and the officers, and the men, and the rebels;
24: 3 And it was there that thou shalt give it bread, that it was given to it, that it was given to him, that it was given to him, and that he had given it to him, and that he had given it to him, and that he had given it to him, and he had given it to him, and he had given it to him, and he had given it to him.
25: 3 Whosoever shall put thee in the midst of his sword, shall he be exalted, and be mighty in the war against thee.
26: 3 And he and his father went up to him, and opened their doors to them, and took them to the land of the tribe of Seth.
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (6 verses)‬
1: 4 And I will be with you, that the women of the tribe of Israel die, because the people of the tribe of Israel will be destroyed, because the people of Israel will be destroyed, and our nation will be destroyed, and our nation will be filled with evil, and our land will be filled with blood.
2: 4 Behold, O Lord, behold, there is no god but the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the One, and the One.
3: 4 And he, behold, the son of Heshneh, the son of Zippon, and the son of Nathar, the son of Berez, the son of Shushal, was there a priest, and his father, and his father, and all his sons, all of them, and all the inhabitants of the city of Birochushalam.
4: 4 When they were, the spirit of Adon, the wife of the children of Tzion, and of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of the tribe of Korban, of Judah, of Merkabath, of Barah, of the tribe of Shaphat, and of Bar-Zohar, of Baer.
5: 4 And the son of Yahweh, the son of Aaron, went up against all the men of the tribe of Har-Tzion, and over-sighted the people of Ennon, the day of the people of Israel, and the people of the land, and the people of Judah, the LORD, and the people of the land.
6: 4 And there was a cup of wine, which was the bread of the bread, and the bread of the bread, and of the breadth of the wine, and the bread of the wine, and of the meat, and of the wine;
‪xxxx  Chapter 5   (30 verses)‬
1: 5 As a man of light, he went down to the house of David, saying, "I am the LORD of the worlds of the world of Israel." He said to him, "Do not be angry with him, because he is a murderer."
2: 5 And Boaz, his father, and his son, took him away, and made him captive to him, and he went down to the house of the great king, in the midst of his death, and even to the spring of the seventh month, and he came to him, and made him go to do the things of the children of Israel, and the people of Israel were in the midst of them.
3: 5 And Joash the son of Jehoshal, the son of Jehoshapel, and Jehoshad, Jehudah, and Jehoiadah, were there, and they were judged, and they were not, and they were not as they had been.
4: 5 What is the meaning of the word of the Lord, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth?
5: 5 And behold, Oodiah the prophet, I am not thy father; but he is a woman, that is, that he hath made him a vineyard, and he hath not given up his drink, and he hath given it to him: for he hath broken the fruit of his flock, and he hath turned it into a vineyard.
6: 5 And his wife gave him his daughter, and he gave him no help; and he went on, and he went up, and went up, and went up, and there was light, and there was darkness, and the young men went up, and they took away the rain, and the fire was upon them.
7: 5 For when the LORD was in the midst of the LORD, behold, the tribes of Israel were in Israel, and the people of Judah were destroyed; and the people of Judah went astray, and they took him to the court, and he gave her a favor, to Tzedek, and she gave her to Tza'ak.
6: 5 And he said, I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
9: 5 In the ears of the LORD, O LORD, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God.
10: 5 When he did that, he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him.
11: 5 The people of the house of the children of Israel, the children of the house of the wicked, shall go down from after them, and the children of the enchanters shall be ashamed of them.
12: 5 And behold, it was like a river, and they were not in the heat, and they began, and they were in the midst of their three wives, and the people of the people of the LORD were with them, and they did not go, and they did not go, and did what they did.
13: 5 Behold, the people of the people are with me, because they are not in the midst of their fear and their glory, but they are evil, and they die, and they die, because they are pure.
14: 5 For this is the spirit of the Lord, that is, the soul of Nafshah, and the people of Pharah, their mouths, and the children of Hokhuk, and the children of Hadarah, and Hummunah, and Shehunah, and Zach, and Bazah.
15: 5 And the men of Edom died, and the man of the tribe fell down, and the eyes of the people were turned away, and they were not afraid.
16: 5 And Gabiatha [1] the LORD, the LORD, is the captain of the tribe, and the LORD is the captain of the tribe, and he is sanctified, and he is ashamed of his righteousness.
17: 5 And they will not be ashamed, but they shall be like their own words, and they shall be burned, and they shall be afraid;
18: 5 The people of the house of Moses, the people of the tribe of Israel, were in the midst of the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the loaves of the circle of the flock, were the sinners.
19: 5 And they said unto him, Thou shalt go down: and it shall come to pass, and it shall come to pass, and it shall come to pass, and it shall come to pass.
20: 5 And they said, They said unto him, Lo, the Lord is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord.
21: 5 Behold, the wise men are in their midst, and they are in their hands, and their faces are in their hands; they are the sons of the children.
22: 5 Behold, they are mighty, and they shall not be ashamed; yea, the children of Israel, and the women of Galilee, shall melt thee down.
23: 5 מצצִּדיקּק֥י ר רשש֖֖֖ע עּ֣ק שב ש֑֑ב֑ח וד וִצקּד֥קּ֥ת צדדִּּק֖֖ין יסס֥֥ירוּ מממֽֽנוו: ס
24: 5 Lcn֩ Cac֨l K֜s Ls֣on A֗s and Hs֤s Lֽhbh֙ Irf֔h Srsm֙ Cm֣k Iֽhi֔h and Frh֖m Cab֣k Ial֑h C֣i Mas֗o A֚t Tort֙ LORD Tzba֔ot and A֛t Amr֥t Kdֽos-isra֖l Naֽtzo:
25: 5 Al-c֡n Hrh֩ Af-iho֨h Bam֜o and I֣t Id֧o Al֣io and Ic֗ho and ֽirgzo֙ Hֽhr֔im and Th֧i Nblt֛m Csoh֖h Bk֣rb Hotz֑ot Bcl-zat֙ La-s֣b Af֔o and A֖od Id֥o Ntoiֽh:
26: 5 And when he was married, he went down to the sea, and smote him, and he smote him, and he went out to the ground, and he ran away from her, and he ran away from her.
27: 5 Behold, there is none, and there is no one who can not bear it, neither is it a sinner, neither is there any man, neither is he, nor has he been exposed, yet he is not afraid, and his descendants are not.
28: 5 As for his children, the children of Shannon, all of them, and all the straws that were in him, and the fruit of the fruit of the fruit of his sows, the thorn of the thorns, and the thorns of the sea, and the thorns of the trees;
29: 5 And he shuddered to him, and said unto him, And thou shalt be ashamed of him; and he shall be ashamed of him, and he shall be ashamed, and he shall be with thee, and he shall be with him;
30: 5 And when they were gone, they brought him up, because they were with them, they were not like their sons, but they came to them, and they rebelled against the land of the land, and behold, the land of thy people was burned, and the forest of the forest of you grew up in the midst of the mountains.
‪xxxx  Chapter 6   (13 verses)‬
1: 6 In the year of the death of the king, behold, I will bring you up to me, and I will see the people of Israel, and I will bring them back to their land, and they will be destroyed, and they will not be filled with the fire.
2: 6 Srf֨im Amd֤im | Mm֙al֙ L֔o S֧s Cnf֛im S֥s Cnf֖im Lah֑d Bst֣im | Ics֣h Fn֗io and Bst֛im Ics֥h Rgl֖io and Bst֥im Iaofֽf:
3: 6 And he said unto him, Behold, this is a thorn, and it is a grave, and a thorn, and a thorn, and a pestilence, and the fear of the LORD;
4: 6 And the children of Israel came to them, and the mother of the children of Israel came out of the house of the king, and the father came, and he was full of them;
5: 6 and Am֞r Aֽoi-l֣i Cֽi-ndm֗iti C֣i A֤is Tmֽa-sft֙im֙ An֔ci and Btoc֙ Am-tm֣a Sft֔im Anc֖i Ios֑b C֗i At-hm֛lc Iho֥h Tzba֖ot Ra֥o Ainֽi:
6: 6 And he was angry with me, but there was none other than the people of the sea, and they were in the hands of the people, and the people of the land were in the midst of them, and they took away the land of the land.
7: 6 And he said to me, Go on, and say, Behold, I will go astray. Behold, thy face is on thy lips, and thy wickedness shall be upon thee, and thy sin shall be upon thee.
8: 6 And I will bring you to the house of Adonai, and I will bring you forth, and I will bring you to Israel, and I will go to you, and I will go to you.
9: 6 And the Lord said unto thee, And he said unto him, This is the voice of the voice of the Lord, Hear it, and do not fear, and do not see it, and see it, and see it, and see it, and behold it not.
10: 6 He was fat, and this is the heart of the people, and this is his heart, and his eyes are full of fear, and his eyes are filled with fear, and his eyes are filled with his eyes, and his heart is filled with joy, and his heart is filled with joy.
11: 6 And Amram went up to Adonai, and Adonai; and he said unto him, Wherefore did the people of Israel die, that they were awake, that they might not be numbered, and that the sons of the children were numbered, and that they were not with them, and that the men of Israel were there?
12: 6 And the spirit of Yahweh lifted up the men, and they multiplied, and they were left, and they were in the midst of the land of the land.
13: 6 And this is what I have done, and I have done it, and I have given it to the LORD, and I have given it to the LORD, and I have given it to the LORD, and I have given it to him, and to him I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
‪xxxx  Chapter 7   (25 verses)‬
1: 7 and Ih֡i Bim֣i A֠hz Bn-iot֨m Bn-azi֜ho M֣lc Ihod֗h Al֣h Rtz֣in Mֽlc-a֠rm and F֨kh Bn-rmli֤ho Mֽlc-isral֙ Ir֣osl֔m Lmlhm֖h Al֑ih and L֥a Ic֖l Lhlh֥m Alֽih:
2: 7 And the son of David, the son of David, came unto him, and the son of Amor, the son of Ephrath. And he went to his heart, and his heart was with him, and he went up with his people, and he went up from the face of the house of the LORD.
3: 7 And the word of the LORD came to him, saying, "Behold, I will bring you to the house of the LORD, and I will bring you to the land of Israel." And the LORD said to her, "Behold, I will not go down to you."
4: 7 and Amrt֣ A֠lio Hsm֨r and Hsk֜t Al-tir֗a and Lbbc֙ Al-ir֔c Msn֨i Znb֧ot Haod֛im Hasn֖im Ha֑lh Bhri-a֛f Rtz֥in and Ar֖m and Bn-rmliֽho:
5: 7 I֗an Cֽi-ia֥tz Al֛ic Ar֖m Ra֑h Afr֥im and Bn-rmli֖ho Lamֽr:
6: 7 Na'alahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah :)
7: 7 As for her, she said, O Lord, I am with you, O Jehovah, O Lord, I am not a thorn, but a wall;
8: 7 When the Lord saw the fire of Aram, he saw that he was burning, and he saw the fire, and the fire was still burning, and there was darkness, and there was darkness, and there was darkness, and there was darkness, and there was light, and there was light, and there was no water.
9: 7 And Reuben the son of Ephraim, Ephram, the son of Samuel, the son of Aaron, the son of Ram, the son of Ramah, the son of Rami, the father of them, was not their father, nor the mother of the children, nor the children of Israel.
10: 7 And the sword of the LORD came to him, saying, "Do not be afraid of any one."
11: 7 Your question is, I will ask you, O Lord, how is your Lord, O God, your God, and your people, who have given up His ways, and He has raised them up for His sake?
12: 7 And he said unto him, This man is not a man, neither hath he taken away the land of the LORD.
13: 7 And he said, Hear, let us hear, and behold, the voice of the Lord shall come to him, saying, "Behold, they are not men, but they are not men;
14: 7 To them are ye, O Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the world, and the Lord of the earth, and of the people of Israel, and of the people of Israel;
15: 7 He hath compassionate, and he shall be satisfied, and he shall be made to know his knowledge, and he shall not be afraid, neither shall he be afraid;
16: 7 When the children of Betamram were born, they came to the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, and the land.
17: 7 Behold, Yahweh, O LORD, is over thee, and thy people are with thee, and upon the children of thy fathers, ye shall die: yea, I am the wife of the father of the children of Israel: for they are not the children of Israel, but for the people of Israel, the descendants of the children of Israel, the children of Israel.
18: 7 And there was a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, and a woman.
19: 7 And they came to them, and dwelt among them, so that they were in the house of Nahal, the daughter of the daughters, and the children of the children, and the children of Galilee, and in all the children, they were gathered together, and in the midst of the children, they were afraid.
20: 7 Behold, this is the voice of the Lord, and I will bring forth the glory of the Lord, and I will give it to you in the midst of the wilderness, and I will be pleased with you in the midst of you, and I will cast down the sword of the fire of the sword, and I will stir up the wrath of the sword. [C] And I will bring the thorns to the thorns.
21: 7 And it came to pass, that this was the day of the living, and the life of the young man was in the morning, and they had been cut off.
22: 7 And he was the messenger of Merob, who did the work of the Chaldeans; he did not eat the heat of the heat, but the heat of the heat was on him, and he felt that all the trees were consumed, and all the trees were consumed, because of the abundance of the earth.
23: 7 And there was a house in the midst of the house, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall.
24: 7 They were ashamed, and they were ashamed of him, because they were ashamed, because the sky was shining, and there was light, and there was a sea of ​​light on it all.
25: 7 And as for them, behold, I will not go down, but in the future, it shall be done, and I will be pleased with them, and I will not be afraid of them: for there is no fear, but there is a fire, and there is a fire, and there is darkness, and there was life, and there was a wall, and there was no light, nor a wall, nor a wall, nor a wall.
‪xxxx  Chapter 8   (23 verses)‬
1: 8 And the word of the LORD said unto him, Come, take thy hand, thou shalt go up, and go up, and go down, and go down on it, and in the midst of the earth, I will go to the house of the king,
2: 8 And I will go down to you; for there are no witnesses; for we have believed in the law of Uriah, because it is the same, and the memory of his people is in him, because he has blessed you.
3: 8 And he went up to the sons of the tribe, and he went to the house, and begged them: and he said unto them, Behold, I will come unto thee, and I will come unto thee, and I will come unto thee, and behold, I will come unto thee.
4: 8 When the children of Betarram came to Me, I saw them, saying, "Behold, I am with you, and I will be with you."
5: 8 And the sword of Yahweh came to him, saying, "Do not be angry with me, O son of David!"
6: 8 Y֗֗ן כ כ֤֤ ֤ מ מ֣֙֙֙֙֙ הַ הַ הַ הַ֔֔֔ א א א א מ מ הַ הַ הַ הַ֔֔ א֔֔ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ֔֔֔֔ הַ֖֖ הַ֔֔֔ הַ֖֖֖ לְ לְ֑֑ ו ו ו֥֥--- ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו וֽֽֽֽ::::
7: 8 and Lc֡n Hn֣h Adni֩ Mal֨h Alih֜m At-m֣i Hnh֗r Hatzomim֙ and H֣rb֔im At-m֥lc As֖or and At-cl-cbod֑o and Alh֙ Al-cl-afik֔io and Hl֖c Al-cl-gdotֽio:
8: 8 And the people of Bihuah, the city of Zadar, went up, and went up to Adar, the tribe of Zeraih, and the people of Zu'֙֙, and Mu֣֣֣֣ת כ, as though they were in it, ֔ מ מ מ מ מ מֽֽֽֽֽ-א-אֽֽֽ֖֖֖֖ א-א-א֖֖֖֖֖ א א א א א א א
9: 8 Behold, the people of Israel have come to Him, and they have given it to them, and they have given it to us, so that they may be exalted, so that they may be exalted, and they will not be afraid.
10: 8 The people of the people of Israel have been uprooted, and the people of the land have been destroyed, and the people of Israel have spoken.
11: 8 For behold, behold, the LORD said unto him, O LORD, I pray thee, O LORD, I will not be ashamed of thee, and I will be ashamed of thee, that thou shalt smite me in thy hand;
12: 8 Do not say, O son of Israel, that there is a covenant which is to be made, that which is right, and that this is what it is, that is, that which is good, and that it is seen, and that it is not, it is not a wall, but it is a wall.
13: 8 The LORD, behold, the tribe of Zvuah, his wife, is the captain of the tribe, and they are the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
14: 8 And behold, it was to the sanctuary, and it came to pass, that the son of Nephthah, and the son of Zephor the king of Israel, went up to the land of Israel, and to Israel, to Israel, to Israel, to Israel, to Israel, to Israel, and to Israel, to Israel, to Israel.
15: 8 And as for their failure, they multiplied, and they fell upon him, and dwelt among them; and they rebelled against him, and they became enslaved.
16: 8 Thou shalt bear witness unto thee, Thou shalt not be thorn unto thy Lord;
17: 8 And I will be wise unto thee, O LORD, that thou shalt cast forth the light of his mouth, and bring him forth, and he shall come to him, and bring him to the house.
18: 8 Behold, I am the son of the sons of Israel, and the children of Israel, the sons of Israel, the sons of Israel, the sons of Israel, the descendants of the Levites, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel.
19: 8 And they said, "Behold, I will go down to you, to the fathers, and to the children, to the heavens, to the sky, to the sky, to the sky, to the sea, to the God, to him, to him;
20: 8 Thou hast transgressed, and have promised them, but if they are not, they will say: Thou shalt not bear witness, but this is what I have seen.
21: 8 And his son gave her strength, and he became angry, and he gave her strength, and he gave him strength, and he took his strength, and in his kingdom, and in his God, he turned away, and turned to him for his strength.
22: 8 And unto Abraham the son of Zeit, and behold, Zerah, and Zachahah, was there, and the people of Zuf, and Zapa, and Abel, and Manadah;
23: 8 C֣i L֣a Moaf֮ Las֣r Motz֣k Lh֒ Ca֣t Hras֗on Hk֞l A֤rtzh Zblon֙ and A֣rtzh Nftl֔i and Hahr֖on Hcb֑id D֤rc Him֙ A֣br Hird֔n Gl֖il Hgoiֽm:
‪xxxx  Chapter 9   (20 verses)‬
1: 9 The people are the men of the kingdom, and the people of the land of the people of Israel have seen it, and the people of the land of Israel have returned, and they shall not dwell in the land of the wilderness, nor shall the people of the land of Israel go up against them.
2: 9 Behold, the LORD hath given him the glory of the Lord, and he hath given glory unto thee, and he hath given gladness unto thee: and it is not before thee, that thou shalt give up thy face, but as in gladness, and in the summer, as in the morning, when they have come, they have come in their own way.
3: 9 And when he was finished, he gave him a rod, and he gave him a gift, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him.
4: 9 When all the sackcloth was done, they went out into the wilderness, and made bread, and brought it forth from the grain, which was in the water, and was prepared to burn it: the meat of the flesh was consumed.
5: 9 For the children of Israel were born to us, and they were given to us, and they were given to him, and the LORD had given them up over his sack, and he rose up, and there was nothing in him, and he went out of the house, and came to him, and to the west, he returned to the land of the land of the flesh of the LORD.
6: 9 * Lam [F] * ** Lmrb֨h Hmsr֜h great and Lsl֣om Aֽin-k֗tz Al-cs֤a Dod֙ and Al-mmlct֔o Lhc֤in Ath֙ and ֽlsad֔h Bmsf֖t and Btzdk֑h Math֙ and Ad-aol֔m Kna֛t Iho֥h Tzba֖ot Tash-zֽat: S.
7: 9 The Lord, the Lord, is the Lord, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the Universe,
8: 9 And they knew that the people of Israel were full of them, and they were destroyed, and they were saved, and they kept their guardians in their midst, and they came to the land of Labam, and returned to Amor.
9: 9 The children of Naflu, and Gazit, were built, because they were quiet, they were great, and they came to the land;
10: 9 And the LORD, the LORD, made a covenant with the people of Zion, and they made him angry, and he took his father away, and he took his inheritance.
11: 9 Behold, there is a place of blood and plowshares, and there is no man, nor a woman, nor a servant, nor a woman, nor any woman in any way, nor any one in him, neither in him nor in him, nor in his hands, nor in his hands.
12: 9 And the people shall not be destroyed in the time of the LORD, and the LORD shall be with him, and the tribe of Judah shall return to the land of Israel.
13: 9 And the LORD, the Lord of Israel, became conscious of the Lord, and he gave him strength, and gave up his anger, and made him angry.
14: 9 Behold, they shall bear witness, and they shall be married, and they shall not be afraid.
15: 9 And he said unto me, Behold, thou shalt not be afraid of him: and they shall be afraid of him, and they shall be ashamed of him.
16: 9 Al-c֨n Al-bhor֜io Lֽa-ism֣h | Adn֗i and At-itm֤io and At-almntio֙ L֣a Irh֔m C֤i Clo֙ Hn֣f and Mr֔a and Cl-f֖h Db֣r Nbl֑h Bcl-zat֙ La-s֣b Af֔o and A֖od Id֥o Ntoiֽh:
17: 9 When the wicked came to the fire, the fire was evil, and the fire was hot, and the food was consumed, and the food was ready to be cooked. And the wine was consumed, and it came to pass.
18: 9 In the words of the LORD, behold, the tribe of the tribe of Nathaham is the land, and the people are there: they are like the food of the people, and they are not with their brothers; they are not their enemies.
19: 9 And He was angry with the people of the world, and he was thirsty, and he was fed up with the water of the sea, and he returned not to go back, but there was no flesh in the flesh of Zoarah;
20: 9 9 Manasseh the Ephrayamite, and Ephrayam, the Manasseh, the Yahweh, the Yahweh, the LORD, the LORD, the God of Judah, the LORD, is not in all this, neither is his father, nor his son, nor his son, nor his son, nor his son, nor his son.
‪xxxx  Chapter 10   (34 verses)‬
1: 10 The children of Hokhuk, the sons of Hikkai-eu֑nu וn;
2: 10 Let the children of Midian know that they are unclean, and that the people of the tribe of Israel have turned away from me, so that I may return to the people of Israel, that they may not be destroyed, and that they will be destroyed.
3: 10 And from Me, they did unto me, and they said unto them, Thou shalt not give unto thee, that thou shalt give him bread. And thou shalt give him bread, and thou shalt not give it to him.
4: 10 Behold, thou shalt not be evil, but thou shalt be ashamed of the fire, and the wrath of the reproach shall be given to him in all this, neither shall his anger be reviled, nor shall his hand be taken away, but he shall be inclined toward him.
5: 10 And he said, As soon as I saw the scepter, I went out to the house, and went down, and put it down, and saw it in your hand, but they were angry with me.
6: 10 Behold, I am a scoundrel, and I will go astray, and I will go up against them, and I will go down to them, and I will go out to them.
7: 10 And it came to pass, that it was not so, that it might be white, and that its heart was not, so that it might be ashamed of it, that it should be filled with the heart of its heart, and that it should not be consumed, and that it should not be consumed.
8: 10 When the LORD said unto him, Behold, I am the LORD, and I am the only one;
9: 10 Behold, he is like a vineyard, and he is a man of his own, but his mother is not like a sheep, but he is not like this, because he is like a sack that keeps his tongue.
10: 10 When the people of Israel came to Mehmael, the kingdom of God, the Philistines, and the Philistines, they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed.
11: 10 Behold, as I have done, I have done to keep my tongue, and to the God of all things, so that I will make it possible for them to possess their lusts, and I will make them sad.
12: 10 And he gave it to him, because the LORD had given up all the things that he had done to him in the house of Zion, and the people of Jerusaelm, the father of the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the inhabitants of Tirath,
13: 10 Wherefore am I, that thou shalt be in my hands, that thou shalt do my things, and that I am wise; for they are not built, my sons are my wives, and their families are their wives, and they are their wives;
14: 10 And thou shalt find it as a cup of bread, and it shall be given to me, and it shall come to pass, and it shall come to pass, and it shall come to pass, and it shall come to pass, and it shall be given to the people of Israel.
15: 10 He shall be arrogant, and he shall not be angry with him; but he shall not be angry with him; but he shall not be ashamed of the flesh of the flesh, nor of the manifold, but of him;
16: 10 Lo, the son of Israel, the man of Judah, the LORD, the LORD, is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Savior, and the Lord.
17: 10 And behold, the children of Israel were gathered together to worship, and sanctified him, and gave him bread, and he gave him bread, and he gave it to him, and he gave him bread, and he kept his bread, and he kept it to himself.
18: 10 And as the heart of his youth was trembling, and his vineyard grew up, he gave up breath, and he went up to the house of the king, and he took it, and he gave it to him, as if he had been trampled on.
19: 10 And when the people of Israel came up to him, they said unto him, It is the people of the land, and the people of the land;
20: 10 And he said unto him, Behold, this is the voice of the LORD, that is, the voice of Israel, and the voice of the people of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the people of Israel, and of the people of Israel.
21: 10 When there was a wall, there was a wall, and a pillar of the sea, and a pillar of light.
22: 10 For if, if your people be with you, Israel shall be like a power, and it shall be no more, and there shall be no more wickedness; but as for me, so shall I be ashamed of the wickedness of the wicked.
23: 10 And when all is done, and the Lord hath given it to him, behold, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD.
24: 10 Behold, behold, the LORD, the LORD, is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD,
25: 10 For I am afraid of the wrath of the wrath, and of the calamity, and of my anger, because of their lust.
26: 10 And the LORD hath lifted up his strength: the LORD, the LORD, the captain of the tribes, the captain of the tribe of the tribe of Kohath, so that he may be destroyed, for he is not in the midst of the earth, nor is he in the house of the LORD, nor is he in the land of Israel, nor is he.
27: 10 And he said unto him, Behold, this is the voice of the sorcerer, and it shall be taken away from him, and he shall not be satisfied with him; and he shall be filled with strength, and his strength shall be with him.
28: 10 Behold, thou shalt go up to the house of the mighty, and go down to the house of the king;
29: 10 And they said unto him, What is the word of the LORD, saying, 'It is the land of the Lord, the Lord of the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth!'
30: 10 Behold, the voice of the voice of the daughter of Gil, the captain of the tribe of Gibeon, is not my servant.
31: 10 We will go down, and we shall return to the land, and the people shall return.
32: 10 And the children of the children of Nun, the son of Ammon, the son of Nephthah, the son of David, the daughter of Beth-Tzion, the son of Zippo, the daughter of Zeruiah,
33: 10 Behold, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD.
34: 10 And he took the sword away, so that he could lift it up, and put the son in the furnace;
‪xxxx  Chapter 11   (16 verses)‬
1: 11 And he gave up the heat of the rain, and the heat of the rain came out, and the trees of the root of the trees were broken.
2: 11 And Noah, the son of David, came to the house of Jehoah, the son of Aaron, Rebekah, the son of Hochamah, and the son of Zerah, the son of Zerah, and of Gera, and of Gilead, Rebekah, of Zu'ath, and of Yahweh, of Yahweh of Judah.
And he was afraid of the sight of the LORD, and he was not afraid of seeing his eyes, but he was afraid of them, and he was not afraid of anything.
4:11 And Shaphat, the son of David, was in the midst of the river of the children of Ezerath, and he smote him in the midst of the earth, and in the midst of his captivity, he turned away, and turned away from his lips, and his mouth was empty, and he was weak.
5:11 And he gave him a piece of bread, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him.
6:11 And the wicked man was with the people of the tribe, and the people of Gedud were raised up against him, and they were angry with them, and with fire, and with fire, and with fire, and with fire, and with fire, and with fire, and with fire, and with fire, and with fire.
7:11 And Veradah, and David, and Thiruah, the daughter of Jehadah, rebuked him, and gave birth to her children, and she saw her, as if he were weeping, and she was not able to eat.
8: 11 And the people of Simeon, the children of Anon, went up against Hahathar, Pathan, and Zach, and Maor, and Zippon;
9:11 Do not be afraid of him, and bring him not in all things, for he is holy; for he is full of knowledge, for he is a man of knowledge, and he hath taken the LORD out of his sight, as they have done to them.
10: 11 And there was a house, and this was the sixth day, but it was not six years, but the people were still standing, and they were not numbered, yet they were not with them, but they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed;
11: 11 Hi֣h | Bi֣om Hh֗oa Ios֨if Adn֤i | Snit֙ Id֔o Lkn֖ot At-sa֣r Am֑o As֣r Isar֩ Mas֨or and Mmtzr֜im and Mftr֣os and Mc֗os and Mail֤m and Msnar֙ and M֣hm֔t and Mai֖i Hiֽm:
12: 11 And the children of Nosse, the children of the children of Israel, went up to the land of Israel, and the people of Judah were scattered, and the people of Judah came to them.
13:11 And Sisera was the son of Kena, the son of Ephrah, whose name was Tzarah, the son of Jehoiada, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, the son of Ephraim.
14: 11 And he went up against him in the midst of the threescore of the children, saying, "Surely, Yahweh is the son of David, who is the son of the children of the tribe of Adam, the LORD of the Universe, and of the people of the land of Israel." [1] Their hands are with them, and their sons are with them, because they have not heard their accusation.
15: 11 And let the LORD be pleased with him, and he will be with him for a hundred years, and he will be blessed with his hand; for he will not lift up his anger, but his spirit will come to him, and he will bring him back to the land of Sheba.
16: 11 And he gave him a curse, and he gave him up to his people, and as a man, he rose up, and he rose up from the fire, and went down as a thorn, and he was burned down.
‪xxxx  Chapter 12   (6 verses)‬
1: 12 And I said unto you, Behold, I am your God, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD! Behold, I am with thee, I beseech thee, O LORD, I am with thee, and I will return to thee, and thou shalt not comfort me.
2: 12 Behold, I will not go astray, but I will not bear witness, and I will not be afraid of you, for I will be afraid of you, and I will call you, O LORD, O LORD, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
3: 12 And thou shalt be afraid of them, because they are afraid of what is going on, because they are afraid of them.
4: 12 And you shall say unto them, Behold, this is the house of the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord of the Worlds.
5: 12 Say, O LORD, be with me, for this is the coming of G-d's wife, as it is done. * Verily, I am sure that I am satisfied with all things.
6: 12 Behold, I am afraid of you, and I will bring you forth the commandment of the children of Israel, so that I may go up against you, and bring near to you, and I will be ashamed of you.
‪xxxx  Chapter 13   (22 verses)‬
1: 13 משש֖אא בבבּ֑ל אל אשש֣֣֣ר ח חזז֔֔ה יששׁעעיי֖֖הו בןן- אֽמֽוץץ:
2: 13 And the children of Nishpah, the children of Sihon, the sons of Nerus, Harimim, and the children of Judah, were there, and they were with them;
3: 13 I am not commanded, I am a witness to the sanctity of my life, even though I have come to you, and I have given up my strength, so that I may go up against it.
4:13 And the people of the tribe of Baֽarֽֽ ד ד ד ד ד ד ד ד ע ע ע ע ע ע ע֠֠֠֠֠֠֠֠֠֠ ֞֞֞ ע ע מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י֣֣ י מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ ֔ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מ מ מ מ מ מ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ ֔ מִ מִ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ ֔ מִ מִ מִ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ ֥ מִ מִ מִ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ ֥ מִ מִ מִ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ ֥ מִ מִ מִ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ ֥ מִ מִ מִ מִ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ ֥ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מ מ מ מ מ ֥ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מ מ ֥ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ ֥ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ ֥ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ ֥ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ ֥ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ ֥ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ
5:13 Behold, it is from the midst of the wind, the bread of the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread;
6:13 13 Behold, I am afraid that I will come to you, and I will make a mockery of the LORD, O LORD, as the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the heavens.
7: 13 For all these things shall be given to you, and all that shall be given to the children of Israel shall be destroyed. [1]
8:13 And the sons of Nabhul, the sons of Zu'ir, and the sons of Hahabalim, the sons of Yֵֽֽֽ֔֔֔֔ן כ כ כיי וֵֵֹ֖֖֖֖ י י י י֑֑ א א א א א אׁׁׁ֤ א א א א-ִ֙֙֙֙֙תּ֔֔֔ פ פ פ֥ לְה לְה לְה֖֖ פ פ פֽֽֽ:.
9:13 Behold, the LORD is the day of the LORD, and he is in the midst of the everlasting, and the more powerful, the more powerful, and the more powerful, the more powerful he is, and the more he is the greater, the greater.
10: 13 So that the people of Israel die, and the people of the world die, and the people of the land of Israel die, and they shall not be destroyed, nor shall they be cursed, but they shall not be ashamed of them, but they shall return to you in the midst of the six months, when you shall come forth, and they shall not be afraid;
11: 13 And thou shalt not go up to me, but to the evil of the wicked, and to the wicked: for they have gone back to their wickedness, and they shall return to me, and they shall return to me, and they shall not return.
12: 13 Thou shalt not be ashamed of them; and they shall not be oppressed, nor shall they be oppressed.
13:13 13 Therefore the name of the name of the LORD is the one who is angry with him, and he is afraid of the place of the people, from the place of the nation, in the words of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD of hosts, and of the people of Israel.
14: 13 And there was a certain number of them, as though they were the children of Moses, and the king of the tribe of Zechariah, and the captain of the tribe of Asad, his people, and his people, he turned away, and his wife was against him;
15:13 All that is right, shall not be cleansed, and all that is poured out shall be filled with vinegar.
16: 13 And their transgressors shall be trampled upon, and they shall not be filled with them, but they shall be saved, and they shall be destroyed, and their wives shall be saved; and they shall be saved.
17: 13 Behold, thou shalt not go up against it, but ye shall raise it up: for it is so that the sword of the sword shall not be white, nor shall it be white;
18:13 13 And the children of the children of Neram, Tharath and Bashan, were afraid of the children, and they were not afraid of their children, neither of them, nor of their children.
19:13 And the people of Baal, the tribe of Zechariah, were numbered of the kings of Israel, and the people of Gathon came to them, as if they were as they were, because God had given them their sword, and they destroyed their nation.
20:13 Lo, I will not go down, but thou shalt not be victorious, but thou shalt not dwell in the midst of the earth, neither shall there be wrath, nor shall there be a wall, but there shall be no more wickedness, neither evil nor wickedness.
21:13 13 And they multiplied, they were thirsty, and they were full, and their children were there, and they were there, and there they were, and there they were, and the children were there; they were afraid of them, and they were not afraid; they were wicked; they were wicked;
22: 13 And the men of Israel were in it, and they were in their own nations. [1] And they despised me in my eyes: and I came to them, and came to them, and came to them, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they were not saved.
‪xxxx  Chapter 14   (32 verses)‬
1: 14 For the spirit of Yahweh, the LORD, is upon them, and the sons of Jacob, the sons of Israel, and the sons of the sons of Israel, and the children of Israel, and their families, against their land, and their families, and they have turned their backs on them, and they have taken up their inheritance against the children of Jacob.
2: 14 Lkh֣om Amim֮ and Hbia֣om Al-mkomm֒ and Hֽtnhl֣om Bֽit-isra֗l A֚l Adm֣t Iho֔h Labd֖im and Lsfh֑ot and Hio֙ Sb֣im Lsֽbih֔m and Rd֖o Bngsihֽm: S.
3:14 And behold, I am in the house of the LORD, the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is your God, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you the reward of your work.
4: 14 And I will bring you this thing, that is what is in it, and I will bring thee into the midst of it, and I will give thee strength: for I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
5: 14 The LORD, the LORD, hath given up the rod of the Lord, and the Lord of the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
6: 14 מככּ֤ה עממ֙ימ֙ם בְּּעבברר֔֔ה מככּ֖֖ת בִּּלתתּ֣י ס סרר֑֑ ר רדד֤֤ה בַ֙בּ֙ויי֔֔ם מררדדּ֖֖ף בְּּל֥֥י חששֽֽךך::
7:14 And Noah was quiet, and all the land was broken, and they were not satisfied with her.
8: 14 They also said to Moses, "Glory to you, and to me, I will take care of you, and to the son of the son of Israel." What is the meaning of this?
9: 14 And I will not be afraid of you, but you shall be angry with me; for you have the right to come, and I will bring you back to you, and I will give you strength, and you shall be able to return to me.
10: 14 Whosoever shall dwell upon it, and say unto him, Come unto thee, thou art full: thou shalt not be humbled;
11: 14 Behold, O Lord, O Lord, I will bring forth thy greatness, and I will give you the gift of your nobility. Thou shalt give thee strength. Thou shalt not bring forth thy wealth, nor thy wealth, nor thy wealth.
12: 14 Wherefore have thy eyes been filled with bread ?: Behold, the son of another is a stranger, that he hath turned away from the land, and hath made trouble upon their own nations.
13:14 And you, behold, thou shalt not see in thy heart any kind of thing; but I will not be afraid of it. What shall I do unto thee, that I may desire, and I will not be afraid of you? And I will not turn away from you in the mountain of Moab, but in the land of the land,
14: 14 I ask thee, O son of the LORD, that I may return to my land;
15: 14 Do you not go up to the house of the Lord, and send him to the house of the LORD of hosts?
16: 14 Behold, thy eyes shall be upon thee, and thy glory shall be brought upon thee, and thy eyes shall be brought upon thee: behold, the man is a man of anger, and he is a man of evil;
17: 14 Thou shalt not give up, as it is in the water, and the mountains thereof, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, and the mountains.
18:14 All the kings of the nations, the people of the world, are all the nations of the world.
19: 14 And thou shalt surely see that thou shalt surely bring down thy vineyard, as it is in the nest, and thou shalt be satisfied with the flesh, and it shall be roasted, and it shall not be filled with bread, nor shall the seed of the corn be put down to the children of the oxen;
20: 14 Lo, thou shalt give them bread, and it shall be in thy grave: for it is not thy land, but thy seed is thy people, and it is not thy bread, nor thy bread, nor thy seed;
21: 14 Behold, we have given to the sons of the people that are good to them, because they have lost their fathers, because they are not in their own right, but they have been destroyed, and they have been destroyed, and they are not in the land.
22:14 And I rose up, and raised them up, but they were not, but Jehovah, the LORD, gave them bread, and they became addicted to me, and to the children of their children, and to them, and to them, and to the children of Israel,
23: 14 And you shall set it aside for the moon, and it shall be a cup of water, and it shall be full of rain, and it shall be filled with water, and it shall not be in the rain, but it shall be filled with water.
24: 14 Let the LORD sit down, O LORD, the LORD of hosts, and I will return to the land of Amor, but I will not be with you, because as I have done, I will be with you, so that I will be with you, and I will be with you.
25: 14 I will return to the land of Assyria, in the land of my land, and upon the mountains: the land of Abyssinia, and the scepter of their cities, and the land of Israel, and the land of Israel, the land of Israel, and the land of Israel.
26: 14 And he brought the fire to the ground, and he gave it to all the earth, and it brought forth the LORD, the ruler of the tribe of Judah, over all their nations.
27: 14 For the LORD, O LORD, hath commanded the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the children of the tribe of Judah.
28: 14 In the year of your death, what is your name, your brother's name? This is the truth, the truth is the truth.
29: 14 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be ashamed; but thou shalt not be ashamed; for it is so, that it shall be given to thee, that thou shalt not be ashamed of the heat of the earth, nor that thou shalt be ashamed.
And you shall not be afraid, but in the beginning of my life, I will not be afraid, and I will return to you, and I will give you strength, and I will give you bread, and I will die with you, and I will go down to you, and I will come to you.
31: 14 Behold, I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will go back to you, and I will go back to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
Num 32:14 And from the midst of the children of the children of Israel, from Malakite to G-d, so that the LORD, the Lord, will give up the land of Zion, and behold, the land of the people of Israel will be destroyed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 15   (9 verses)‬
1:15 משש֖אא מֹא֑א֑בב כּ֠כ֠י בְּּל֞֞יל שׁדדּ֨֨ד ע֤֤ר מֹא֙ב֙ב֙נדדממ֔ה כ כּ֗כ֗י בְּל֛֛יל שׁדדּ֥֥ד קיריר-מואא֖בבִדדממֽא:ה:
2: 15 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt surely answer, and he that cometh unto me, and weepeth unto him, and he shall go forth from him, and go forth from Meidba, and from Moab, the son of Zechariah, and to him, to the house of Roash, to him, to Korah, to all the land of Zach, even to Geraa,
3: 15 In the midst of his anger, he hath turned away his anger, and he hath turned away his feet, and he hath turned away from them, and he hath turned away from them.
4: 15 And Zaczek, the son of Zephon, went up to him, and went up to her, even though he was still with them; and they were not driven by their voices, because so were they, and they were afraid of him, and he was afraid of his enemies;
5:15 I will not be afraid of Me֣֣֣֣ י י י י י י י֔ ֔֔֔֔ ֔ ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ע ע ע ע ע ע ע | |--ִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִִ עִִִֶֶֶֽֽֽֽ י י יֶֶֶֶֶֶ ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז עִִֹֽֽֽ ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ִֶֹֹֽֽֽ ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז זØ י ז ז-ÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜֽֽ֣ |ִ ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ִִֹֹֽֽ ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז זֲעַַ---ִִִֶ ז ז ז ז ז ז זֲעַַ---ִִִ ז ז ז ז ז ז ז זֲעַק-ת-֖ש֖בֶר י יעעעעֽעֽר יו י יעעֽעֽעֽר יו י יעעֽעֽעֽר יו יה יעעֽעֽעֽר יו יה יעעֽעֽעֽר יו י
6: 15 So that they may be put to death, because of their wickedness: for they are not worthy, for they are not worthy of them.
7: 15 Therefore, he hath made his wife, and he hath made them a vow, and hath taken them to the ground; but he hath not gone to the land of the Arabs, but he hath lifted up them.
8: 15 And when the cry of the cry came upon him, he rebuked him, and he went up from Moab until the time of Gilgal, and he went out to him, and he said unto them, I pray thee, I will not let thee go.
9: 15 So that they may die from it, and they shall die, and they shall not be destroyed, but they shall be destroyed, and they shall not be destroyed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 16   (14 verses)‬
1:16 And the king sent him away from the land of the land of Mesopotamia, from Dibba, and to Arad, to Beth-Tzvi, to Zion.
2:16 And he was like a flock of birds, but they were not numbered of them, but they were not, but they were not in the land, but they were in the wilderness, and they were in the wilderness.
3: 16 * Bring, thou shalt bring forth a tree, and do it for me: thou shalt not let me go; but I will not let you go, but I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
4:16 Behold, I will be ashamed of you, and I will be pleased with you, O LORD, and I will be with you, O LORD, for I am the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the worlds.
5: 16 And he was in the midst of the throne, and he covered it, and he turned his hair on his head, and in the midst of the fire, he went into the house of the sword, and went down to the gate of the gate.
6: 16 And the people of Jonah brought him up, and brought him forth from the midst of his greatness, and his greatness, and his greatness, and his greatness.
7: 16 To them, will the people of Moab return to Moab, and all the people will return to the land of Mesopotamia, the wall of freedom, which is the place of the people of the land, but the people of the land?
8: 16 When the saints were asleep, the people of the tribe of Israel returned to the land of Gefen, and they returned to the land of Israel, and they returned to the land of Israel, so that they would not be able to return to their land, even if they did not go out of their way, because they did not enter the land of Israel, but they were destroyed, and they were destroyed.
9: 16 Therefore, I will bring you into the midst of you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
10: 16 And he gave up the gladness of the children, and they came to him, and the people of the vineyard, and of the vineyard, they were not hungry, but they were not; they were not afraid, but they were not in the midst of them, neither were they afraid of you, but the LORD was with you, and the LORD was returning to me.
11: 16 Therefore, I will not be able to repent to you, as if I am a priest, and I will bring it to you, and I will bring it to you.
12: 16 And he, behold, he saw it, because he saw it, because he was afraid of him, and he came to the house, and came to his sanctuary, and he turned away from him, and he turned away from him.
13: 16 And the LORD said unto him, Ascher, the son of David, the son of Yahweh, said unto Elohim;
14: 16 And when the LORD spoke, the LORD said, Say, I am in the midst of two years, that is, when the sun is shining, and it is light, and it is soft, and it is like a rod of light, and it is not in the furnace; for it is hot, and it is hot, and it is hot, and it is hot with heat.
‪xxxx  Chapter 17   (14 verses)‬
1: 17 מַ מַ מַ֖ ד דַ מֶֶַ֑֑֑ מַ מַ מַ ד ד ד ד
2: 17 Azov is a great nation. Arrows! Arrows up forever. Do not let him go, but he will not come, and he will cling to him, and he will not be afraid.
3:17 And the tribe of the tribe of Mezron was reigned from the wilderness of Ephraim, and from Mamalek, the land of Mesopotamia, and the land of Israel, which was destroyed by the fire of Israel, the children of Israel, the people of Israel, the inhabitants of the land, the inhabitants of the land, the people of Judah, the people of Judah, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
4:17 And behold, this is the day of the Lord's command, and it is not like the voice of Jacob, and of his name, because of his flesh, he hath taken care of him.
5:17 And he, behold, he was gathered together, he was a young man; he was a man; and he was a stranger; and he was captivated, and he would not be cut off, and he would be like them, as if he were full of captives, but they were not in the depths of the wilderness.
6: 17 Nsar-b֤o Aֽollt֙ Cn֣kf Z֔it Sn֧im Sls֛h Grgr֖im Br֣as Am֑ir Arba֣h Hms֗h Bsaf֙ih֙ Fֽri֔h Nam-iho֖h Alh֥i Israֽl: S.
7: 17 Behold, this is the man who has done it, but the people have done it, and his eyes have gone down to the ground, and the people of Israel have been afraid to see it.
8: 17 And he was not satisfied, but he did not go to the house of the LORD, but he did not do his work, but his people, and his people, did his signs, and he did not see them; he saw them, and those that were wicked, and the soldiers were afraid.
9: 17 Behold, this is the voice of the LORD, and it shall be the people of the land, and the people of Israel shall be there, and the people of Israel shall return to their land.
10: 17 So that the people of Israel die, and the people of Israel die, and the people of the land of Israel are ashamed of you, so that you will not be able to do that. Therefore you will be tempted, and you will be defiled, and our people will not be harmed, and we will not be thirsty, nor shall we be thirsty.
11: 17 Behold, thou shalt not go astray, that thou shalt bring up my anger, and bring forth the cold, and the seed of thy glory, and the light of the fire, and the light of the fire, and the light of the fire.
12: 17 The people of the people, the people of Israel, have multiplied, so that they may die, and they will not be put to death, and they will not return to the nation, but when they are ashamed, they will not be ashamed.
13:17 To the nations, when the people of Israel were raised, they were many, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the land of the land, and the land of the land, and the land of the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains.
14: 17 And he said unto him, O Lord, I am with thee, and behold, behold, this is the house of the LORD, and I will be with thee, and I will not be with thee.
‪xxxx  Chapter 18   (7 verses)‬
1: 18 The LORD, the LORD, is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord.
2: 18 Hsl֨h Bi֜m Tzir֗im and Bcli-gma֮ Al-fni-mim֒ Lc֣o | Mlac֣im Kl֗im Al-goi֙ Mms֣c and Mor֔t Al-a֥m Nor֖a Mn-h֣oa and H֑lah G֚oi Ko-k֣o and Mbos֔h Asr-bza֥o Nhr֖im Artzֽo:
And all the people of the land, as the people of the land, shall be lifted up, so that they may be afraid, and that they shall not be afraid.
4: 18 For behold, the Lord, the Lord, hath been given to him, and he hath taken away his strength, and he hath given him strength, and he hath given him strength.
5: 18 When the face of the children was shortened, it was like a rainbow, and it was broken, and it was broken, and it was hot, and it was hot, and it was hot, and the little ones were sprinkling with water, and the grain of the wheat, and the straws, and the broth.
6: 18 18 Yea, behold, Yahweh, he is the one, and he is the one, and he is the one, and he is the one, and he is the one, and he is the one, and he is the son of the LORD.
7: 18 Bat֩ Hh֨ia Iֽobl-s֜i Liho֣h Tzba֗ot A֚m Mms֣c and Mor֔t and Ma֥m Nor֖a Mn-h֣oa and H֑lah G֣oi | Ko-k֣o and Mbos֗h As֨r Bza֤o Nhrim֙ Artz֔o Al-mk֛om Sm-iho֥h Tzba֖ot Hr-tziֽon: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 19   (25 verses)‬
1: 19 What is the meaning of the word of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Merciful, the Son of God, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, and the Lord of the Worlds, and the Lord of the Worlds.
2:19 And the throne of the Egyptians was in Mizraham, and they fought against him in his brotherhood, and the people of his wickedness reviled him, turning away from the kingdom of her in her kingdom.
3:19 And he rebuked the LORD, and the king of Nazareth was in his house, and his greatness, and his greatness, and his greatness, and his greatness, and his greatness, and his greatness, and his greatness.
4: 19 And I remembered the Egyptians, saying, Behold, they are the masters of the land, and they are the masters of the land.
5:19 And his wife was taken away from them, and they were gone, and they were burning up, and they were burning.
6:19 And the princes shall be rewarded, and they shall be burned, and they shall not be burned, and they shall not burn, but they shall not see.
7:19 Woe unto the children of the children of the children of Israel, and all the children of Zeraim, the LORD of hosts, have given up their inheritance, and they have not come.
8: 19 And we, the children of the children, and all the men of the world, are not in the house of the wise, and they are scattered among them, so that they may be put down on the face of their children.
9:19 And they shall not be worshiped, but they shall be afraid, and they shall not be silenced, but they shall be burned, and they shall be burned with fire.
10: 19 And there was that which was fulfilled, that it was made up of all things, and that all things were done to me.
11: 19 The God of the people is the one who is wise, the wise, the wise, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty.
12:19 Where is your father, your father, and your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father and your father?
13:19 And when they came to him, he said to him, "Surely, I am the captain of the people of Israel."
14: 19 Yahweh, who is your servant in the midst of the LORD, is the Lord of the earth, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel have been troubled, and in the midst of them they have done what they have done, so that they may dwell in their midst.
15: 19 And lo, behold, it came to Egypt, that is, that he did not go into the land; but Esau, the son of the king, went to the house of the king, and the captain of the tribe of Zephaniah, the son of Zephaniah, and Agamon,
16: 19 Behold, this is the voice of the LORD, and it is the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
17:19 And behold, I am the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and all the people of the land, and all the people of Israel, and all the people of Israel, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD.
18: 19 Behold, they are the people of the land, they are the cities of the wilderness, and they are the cities of the wilderness, the mouth of the tribe of Canaan, and the land of the tribe of Israel, the LORD of hosts, the tribe of Judah, the city of Nazareth, the city of Nazareth, the city of Lazarus.
19: 19 Behold, this is the land of the LORD, and it is the land of the LORD, and it is the land of the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty.
20:19 And he gave it to the women of the tribe of Levi, and they returned to the land of Mizpeh, in the midst of Mizrah, whereupon the children of Israel, the children of Israel, were not in the house of the LORD, but they were not in their midst.
Num 21:19 And the LORD came to him, saying, "Behold, I know Israel, and I will make you angry with the LORD, and I will be with you, and I will be ashamed of you, and I will be ashamed of you, and I will be ashamed of you, and I will be glad to see you."
22:19 And the LORD, the LORD, hath brought the people of Nazareth, and they have turned away from him, and they have turned away from him, and they have turned away from him, even unto the LORD, and they have gone down to them, and they have gone astray.
23: 19 Behold, this is the land of Israel, the land of Mesopotamia, the land of Egypt, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the wilderness of Egypt, the wilderness of Egypt, and the wilderness of Mizor, the land of Azur, Samaria, and Samaria.
24: 19 Behold, this is the voice of Israel; for it is not the people of Israel that have made it to Egypt, but it is not in thy land, but in the heart of the earth.
25: 19 As for the LORD, he hath blessed thee, O LORD, O LORD, the LORD of hosts, the people of Israel, the LORD of Nazareth, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 20   (6 verses)‬
1: 20 In the second year, I saw the tree, and the tree of the field of the field was burned, and I saw it, and I saw it, and I saw it, and I saw it, and I saw it, and I saw it, and I saw it, and I saw it, and I saw it.
2: 20 Ba֣t Hh֗ia Db֣r Ihoh֮ Bi֣d Isai֣ho Bn-amotz֮ Lamr֒ L֗c and Ftht֤ Hsk֙ Ma֣l Mtn֔ic and Nalc֥ Thl֖tz Ma֣l Rgl֑ic and I֣as C֔n Hl֖c Ar֥om and Ihֽf: S.
3:20 And the Lord said, O LORD, be as a man, that is not thy servant, he is his salvation: for he hath gone astray, and he hath lived for two years: and I have come to him, and have been scattered over the land of Egypt, and over the land of the land.
4: 20 So that the people of the tribe of Israel, who were captivated by the people of Israel, rejoice in the land of Israel, and the people of the land, as they were in the land of the youth, and they rejoice, and rejoice in their wickedness, and in the heat of the fire, and in the heat of the fire, even in the midst of the rain of the rain.
5:20 And you shall be ashamed, and they shall be ashamed, and they shall be ashamed of them, and they shall be exalted, and they shall not be afraid of them.
6:20 And this man said, Behold, this is what is in it, that is, it is a rod, and it is a rod, and it is a rod, and it is a rod, and it is not so much that we are there.
‪xxxx  Chapter 21   (17 verses)‬
1: 21 משש֖אאא מדדבבּּר-֑֑ם כְּסּ֤פּ֤ותת בננ֙בֶב֙ב֙ב֙הֽה֙בֶב֙ב֙בִּה֙ב֙בֶב֙ב מִבִּבְב֣ב֣ב֣ב֣בִּבְב֣ב֣ב֣ה בּ֔בּ֔בּ֣ב֣ר בה בּ֔א֔בבב֣ב֣ר בה בּ֔ר֔אאא֖ר֖נ נור נואֽה:
2: 21 ח֥זּ֥ת קת קשש֖ה֖ה הגג-ד- ל֑י הבּבגּגּ֤ד |ּה |
3: 21 Therefore, I will not let you go, but I will not be afraid of you, nor shall I be afraid of you, but I will not be afraid of you, nor shall I be afraid of you.
4: 21 Thou shalt not go to the heart, but the plow, the bounty, and the bounty;
5:21 Thou shalt return to the land, and it shall be the spring of the seventh day, and it shall be no more, but the people of the land shall be gathered together, and they shall return to the land of Israel.
6:21 Now, when I saw her, she said unto him, Behold, I am not with thee, but I will come unto thee, and I will go down to the earth, and behold, I will see the light.
7: 21 And he saw it, and he returned to the house of the king, and he returned to the house of the king, and he returned to the house of the king.
8: 21 And he came to see the people of the tribe of Adonai, saying, I am with you, I am with you, and I am with you, and I am with you, and I am with you, and I will not save you.
9:21 And behold, behold, it came to Reuben, the son of Ishmael, the son of Pharisees, who was in the midst of the wilderness, and he was angry with him, and he said to him, Napalah, that there was no light in the house of the king, and all the people of Philosopheles. God is not there, but he is returning to the land of Israel.
10: 21 And I will judge the son of Garnon: for I will not be pleased with you, because I am afraid of the presence of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the God of Israel.
11: 21 משש֖אא דּוּמ֑ה א אלל֙י֙י ק֣ר֣֣א מששּע֔ע֔֔ר שׁׁמ֙ר֙ם מהה-ִלּ֔ל֔ל שה שׁממ֖֖ר מהה-לּלּֽל:ל::
12: 21 Am I not a man who is not a man, but a servant of the people of the world, and a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation and a nation.
13: 21 משש֖֖֖א בּּערר֑֑ב ביּי֤עַער בעעְר֙ב֙ב תָּל֔י֔נּו אֽרֽר֖ח֖ותת דְּדננֽֽם:
14: 21 And he shall bring them forth, yea, they shall not be put to death: they shall sit down, and the earth shall be filled with bread, and they shall be holy.
15: 21 So that the people of the land shall be destroyed, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall be turned away from the face of the sea. And the people of the land shall be turned away from them, and they shall be turned away from them, and they shall be turned away from them, and they shall be turned away from the land of the LORD.
16: 21 For, behold, I am the master of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
17: 21 And when the people of the tribe of Gibor were raised, they were in the midst of the children of Kedar; they were afraid of the children of Israel, because the LORD was the LORD, the God of the people, the son of the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 22   (25 verses)‬
1: 22 מַ֖֖ גֵֵֵ ח חִִ֑֑֑ מַ מַ מַ מַלְ֣֣ א֔֔א כ כְְ א֔א כ כ כ-ע-ע ָללְ כַֻ-עְְְְְְַַַַַ:ְַַַַ
2:22 You shall not be afraid of me, nor of the people of my nation, but of the people of Israel, because I am not worthy of you.
3:22 All the children of the tribe of Israel were destroyed, and all the people of the land of Israel were destroyed, and all the people were found, because the people of Israel were destroyed.
4: 22 Therefore, if I am not satisfied, I pray thee, I pray thee, saying, Behold, thou shalt not be angry with me, neither shall I be angry with them, for I am against the children of the tribe of Bethamah.
5:22 And when the day came, it came to them, and it came to them, and it came to them, and it came to them, and it came to them, and it came to them, and it came to them, so that it was not given to them, but the LORD was with them, and they were in the midst of them.
6:22 And the men of the tribe of Ishmael did not go down, because they were in the midst of the fire, but they were still there, and they were not in their midst.
7: 22 And there came to me, after the people of Amalek, that thou shalt not rejoice, and he that cometh, and shalt thou shalt be satisfied;
8:22 And Haggadah the son of Moses, the son of Jehudah, stood up, and stood up, saying, Behold, this is the voice of the LORD.
9:22 And the people of Baqi'i, the city of David, saw them, because they rebelled against him, and they gathered him, and brought them to the land, and blessed them, that they had given to them.
10: 22 And the daughter of the children of Jerusaelm: for they were counted, and they were cut off, and the children of the house were not numbered;
11:22 And Mku֣֣֣ | ע ע֗֗֗ ב ב ב ֚֚ הִַֹ֣֣֔֔ם לְ לְ לְ הַ הַ הַ הִַ לְ֣֣ הַ הַ הַ֑֑֣֣ הַ הַ הַ֑֑֑֑ ו ה ה ה ה ה הֽֽֽֽֽֽ֥֥֥֥֖֖֖֥֥֥֖֖֖֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֔֔֙ק ל ל ל ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר ר
12: 22 And he cried, O Lord, O LORD, O LORD, I am the captain of the tribe, and I will be with you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you.
13:22 And there was a woman, and she was glad, and she was afraid of him, and he was afraid of him, and he was afraid of him.
14: 22 And they shall be exalted in the ears of the LORD: O Jehovah, the tribe of Zephath, but if the people of the land shall be destroyed, then shall they be [the] people of the land, even unto them, even if they are not with you?
15:22 And as for her, she said, O Lord, I pray thee, O LORD, thou shalt go to the house of the LORD, and come to the house of the king, and this shall be upon the sabbath, but I will not go down on the house of the LORD.
16: 22 What is your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name and your name.
17: 22 Behold, the LORD is the one who is in charge of you, and he is the one who is mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty.
18:22 Thou shalt not let you go, but thou shalt not cling to it: for it is so great, that thou shalt go down unto the earth, and it shall be in thy hand, that it may be thine, and that it shall be the breadth of thine eyes.
19: 22 And you shall keep your promise from your strength, and from your strength, your strength shall be your strength.
20:22 And behold, I am in the house, and this is my father, and I will bring you to my servant, and I will return to Elijah, son of Hilkiah.
21: 22 And your father, your father, your daughter, and your sons, and your children, have been married to you, and you have given them your inheritance. [1] You have been in possession of his hand, and he has given it to the father, so that the children of Israel will inherit it, and the LORD will come to you.
22:22 And I will give you the gift of the house of the Lord of the house of the Lord of the heavens, and he shall open it to him, and he shall not be filled with iron.
23: 22 And you shall be steadfast; yea, they shall be sanctified in the midst of their wickedness, and they shall be put to death, and they shall be destroyed.
24:22 And the men of the tribe of Abel, the sons of the father of the tribe of Zechariah, rose up to him, and the people of the tribe of Zechariah, all of them, all the children of Israel, and all the children of Israel, and all of them, all of them, and all the people of the world.
25: 22 Behold, this is the day of the LORD's commandment, but the LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the Universe.
‪xxxx  Chapter 23   (18 verses)‬
1: 23 What is the meaning of the word היליל֣נ֣ילוו? אננִיי֣ו֣ותת תררִש֗ש֗שׁשֽכֽי- שׁשדדּ֤ד מִב מִב֙ה֙ת֙ת֙מבב֔ואאאה֥ה֥רץב כת֖ת נת נה נהללֽלֽֽמ נה נהלהללֽם נם:ה
2: 23 Behold, I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will come to you, and I will return to you.
3:23 And in the multitude of them there was a hundred thousand, and there was a great day, and a little bit of rain, and there was light, and there was light, and there was a wall, and there was a wall.
4: 23 Behold, they have taken a hunting boat, because they have not been circumcised, but they have not been circumcised, but they have not been circumcised, but they have not been given to me, nor have I been afraid of them, nor have I been afraid of them.
5:23 So when he heard the voice of the Egyptians, he heard it, and they came to him, and when they heard it, they heard it.
6:23 23 And he said, Thou shalt not raise the tree of the seed, and bring it to him: for they shall return to me.
7: 23 And this is what you have done to me, but I have not seen them, but I have gone astray, and I have gone astray, and I will not be pleased with them.
8: 23,19,19,֣֣֣ ז ז֔֔ ֔ על֖ הַ הַ הַ הֲֲֲַט֑֑֑֑֑ א֤֤֤֤֤ ס֤֤֤֙֙֙֙֙֙ ס ס֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙ כ כ כ כ כ כ כָ֖֖֖֖֖ נ נ נִַַַדד-א-א-א-אֽֽֽֽֽֽ::::::-א-א-א-א-א-אֽֽֽֽֽ:::.
9:23 23 The LORD, O LORD, hath commanded the children of Israel, to give them salvation: for the LORD hath given them all the strength of all things, and all the sons of all the nations of the earth shall be consumed.
10:23 And I will give you the inheritance of the daughter of Thresher, because there is no one who can not find this.
11:23 23 Yea, the children of Natha, behold, they were against the LORD, and they were angry with the LORD, and the LORD's commandment came to them, so that they might go to the house of Canaan as they were.
12:23 And he said, Lo, the son of Toseus, the son of the son of Zadok, the daughter of the daughter of Zidon, the son of Zadok.
13:23 23 The people of the land, the people of the land, the people of Zechariah, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the Levites, the Levites, the Levites, the Levites, the Jews, the Jews, and the Jews.
14: 23 Behold, I will be able to give you the inheritance of the tree of the sword, so that I may return to the land of Israel.
15: 23 And there was a house in the house of the LORD, and the land of the tribe of Zerah, which was seven hundred years old, that is, a hundred years old, and it is not yet another hundred years, that it is seven years old;
16: 23 Behold, this is the wall of the scepter, that is, the light of the earth, that is forgotten: for it hath been turned away, and it hath turned away from me, so that I may bring forth the multitude of light to the earth.
17: 23 And there was a cup of wine, and there was a cup of wine, and the bread of the bread, and the bread of the bread, and the bread, and the bread, and the bread,
18: 23 Hi֨h Shr֜h and Atnn֗h K֚ds Lֽiho֔h L֥a Iֽatz֖r and L֣a Iֽhs֑n C֣i Lisb֞im Lfn֤i Ihoh֙ Iֽhi֣h Shr֔h Lac֥l Lsba֖h and Lmcs֥h Atֽik: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 24   (23 verses)‬
1: 24 Behold, the LORD is the God of Israel, that is, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, and the son of Abraham.
2:24 And behold, it is like a people, that it is so, that it is so great, so that the people of Israel, as the people of Israel, are as great as it is, as a mighty nation, as a nation, as a king, as a king, and as a king, as a nation, as a woman,
3: 24 And thou shalt surely bring forth the LORD: and thou shalt be the LORD of hosts;
4: 24 Abel, the son of Nebula, the son of Abraham, the son of the father of the land.
5:24 And the land of Hanpah, which dwelt among them, dwelt among them: for the people of Israel were not able to live, but the people of the Chaldeans were burned, and they were scattered in the wilderness, and they were gone.
6: 24 For these are the gods, who have come to the house of the LORD, and they are the inhabitants of the land, and they have returned to their land, so that they may return to their land, so that they may be burned, and that they will return to the land, and they will rise up, and will not be ashamed of them.
7:24 And Abul-Tirmir, the father of the tribe of Amelah, the son of Nephah, all the inhabitants of the Levant,
8: 24 And there shall be a scepter, a scepter, a scepter, a scepter, a scepter, a scepter, a scepter, a scepter, a scepter, a scepter;
9: 24 In the light of the moon, they shall not be ashamed; yea, there shall be a sackcloth for the six of them.
10:24 And he broke up with him, and he saw him, and saw him, and saw all the things that were coming from him.
11: 24 And the voice of the LORD came upon the children of Israel, and in the midst of the fire, they were angry, and all the gladness of them came, and they came out of the land of the land of the land.
12: 24 And he lifted up the furnace of the fire, which made it hot, and carried it to him.
13: 24 And when it came to pass, it was in the midst of the house of the children of Beth-shethah, that they were numbered, and they were not like the children of Zephath, but as the idolaters, all the children of Israel were in Mizor.
14: 24 The Lord hath given up the voice of the voice of the people, but they are not in the midst of the coming of the LORD, but the Lord is the Lord, the Lord of the Universe.
15: 24 Therefore they said unto him, Behold, O LORD, behold, I am in the house of the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the God of them.
16: 24 And from the midst of the earth is the wilderness, that is, the people of Israel, the people of Zion, the people of Tzadik, and the Amorite, the Razor, the Levite, the Lord of the Chaldeans, and the people of the land, the people of the children, the children of the children, the children of the children, of the children, of the children, of the children of Israel, of the children of Israel;
17: 24 And the king of Israel, the king of the tribe of Israel;
18: 24 And behold, behold, there is a wall of the house of the king, and this is the house of the tribe of the tribe, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land;
19: 24 And the Lord hath taken away the earth, and the earth is the earth, and the earth is the earth, and the earth is the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth.
20: 24 And the people of the tribe of Israel went up against the land of Israel, as though they were lying in wait, and they were trampled upon, as though they were in the midst of it, and the people of the land of Israel were against them, and the people of Israel were not satisfied with them, and the people of Naphtali were not.
21: 24 And there was a house in the house of the LORD, and the people of the tribe of Joab, the LORD of hosts on the tribe of Israel, were not the people of the land, neither of them, nor of the kings of the land, but of the land of the land.
22: 24 And I will raise up the sword, and I will lift it up, and I will turn away from it, and I will turn away from it, and I will bring it down to you, and I will bring it forth.
23: 24 And the people of the tribe of Hilel, of blessed memory, were ashamed of the LORD, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of the Covenant, the Lord of the Worlds, and of the Lord of the Worlds.
‪xxxx  Chapter 25   (12 verses)‬
1: 25 Yahweh, O God, be with me, O LORD, be with you, O nation, O Lord, O Lord, be faithful to Your name, for He has done what He has done, and He has done it.
2: 25 When the people of the city went up to the city of Lagrath, the land of Kiriyah, the fortification of the city, and the city of Mesopotamia, and the land of Mizorim, the city of Mezir, to the land of Israel, because it was not built for them.
3: 25 Therefore shall the people of your people be ashamed of you: come down to them, and come to them, and they will not be afraid;
4:25 So, when the people of Israel came to the land of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, to the children of Israel, the sons of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Mizrah, the land of Mizoram, the tribe of Zechariah, of Mehar, of Hebron, of Hebron, of Zechariah, of Arish, of Zechariah, of Kiriath.
5:25 And as for the multitude of the children of the children, they are not the children of the other generation, but they are not prepared for them, but they are in the heat of the sea, and they are not thirsty.
6: 25 And Jehovah made a covenant with the people, and they went to all the people of the land, saying, "Behold, this is the day of the seven days, because they have been saved, and they have not been saved; they have been saved, they have been saved, and they have been saved from death, for they have been saved, and they are not thirsty."
7:25 And Baal, the son of the son of Hazor, the son of Pharisees, came unto him, and the son of the son of the king,
8: 25 Blessed be the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Lord, the Son of God, the Son of God.
9: 25 And he said, Behold, this is the Lord; behold, God is our God, our God, our God, our God, our God, our Lord, our Lord, our Lord, our Lord, our Lord, our Lord, our Lord, our Lord, our Lord, our Lord, our Lord, our Father, our Lord, our Lord, and our people. "
10:25 So that the name of the LORD be given to him, the hand of the LORD, that is, in the midst of this land, and that is the month of the month of Moab, wherewith thou shalt give him bread, and he shall not be ashamed of it.
11: 25 And his hands were broken, and he was nearing him, because as he was burning, he was afraid of the burning of the sea, and he was afraid of him, and he brought down his wife, because he was afraid of him, but his anger was not with him, but his hands were with him.
12: 25 And he that is ashamed of thy glory, hath made thy law, thy law, and the law of the wicked, he hath turned away from the land, even unto the land of Ephraim.
‪xxxx  Chapter 26   (21 verses)‬
1: 26 Behold, this is the day of Josiah, the son of David, who is in the midst of the land of Yahweh, the son of Azir, the son of Lazarus;
2:26 And they opened up the gates of the mountains, and the children of the people of Zadok, the children of Zadok, grew up;
3: 26 And the people of Sam said, Thou shalt not see the light of the morning;
4:26 Blessed are they that are in the midst of them, but they are in the midst of them, because they are in the midst of them, the LORD is the LORD, and they are the people of the world.
5: 26 For he is ashamed, he who sits down is bitter, and he is not worthy of him, but he is the one who is mighty; he is the one who is mighty; he is the one who is weak; he is the one who is weak; he is the one who is in the midst of the earth.
6:26 Thou shalt not go astray: for the feet of the feet are gone, the clouds are still;
7:26 Is the man of Tzadik the son of Isaac, the son of Yashar, the son of Yashar, the son of Moses, of blessed memory, of Tzedek, and of Thypheles?
8: 26 And if thou hast gone, it shall be thy counsel, O LORD, that thou mayest be appointed unto thy name, and thy name shall be thy remembrance: the desire of the soul of the soul.
9: 26 Nafsheh, my father, is your father, and I am not in the midst of you; but I am in the midst of you. I will give up my sword, and I will kill you, and I will kill you, and I will kill you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
10: 26 Yahweh, 17 The Lord is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God.
11: 26 The LORD your God is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
12: 26 The LORD, O God, give strength to the children of Israel, so that they may return to us, because they have done so, and they have done what we have done to them.
13:26 The LORD, O God, is our God, and we are in the midst of adultery, and the Lord is the Lord, and the Lord is with you, and your Lord is with you, so that we may be worthy of your name.
14: 26 They shall die, and they shall be alive, and they shall not be afraid; they shall not be afraid; for they shall not be afraid, but they shall be destroyed, and they shall be thirsty, and all things shall be done to them.
15: 26 I will not let you go, but the LORD will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you all my strength, and I will give you all my strength.
16: 26 Yahweh, the son of Tzur, the captain of the tribe of Zadok, is the captain of Zon, the son of Moses.
17: 26 As for him, behold, thou shalt surely bow down to the house of the LORD, and thou shalt bring forth the burden of the house.
18: 26 Behold, we have given strength to him, so that he may return to the house of the LORD, and he will be saved, and he will not do anything, but he will not do anything.
19: 26 Behold, I will live with you, and I will give you a vengeance, and I will give it to you, and I will not give it to you, nor will it be any more.
20: 26 Behold, my people are not with you, but in thy glory, and in thy glory, and in thy glory, behold, I will bring you to the house of the LORD, and I will go down to you.
21: 26 When the LORD, behold, the LORD came to him, he came out of his place, and he returned to him, and he returned to him, and he returned to him, and he returned to his land, and he turned away from him, and he turned away from him.
‪xxxx  Chapter 27   (13 verses)‬
1: 27 Bi֣om Hh֡oa Ifk֣d Ihoh֩ Bhrb֨o [1] Hks֜h and Hgdol֣h and Hֽhzk֗h A֤l Loitn֙ Nh֣s Br֔h and Al֙ Loit֔n Nh֖s Aklt֑on and Hr֥g At-htn֖in As֥r Biֽm: S.
2: 27 Beware of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Worlds [1] ענוּל-לֽה::
3: 27 I am the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD.
4: 27 Behold, I am not worthy of you. My name is Nathan, I am the captain of the city of Samaria, and I am the ruler of the kingdom of Israel. Ephashah is the son of Leah, the daughter of Asheth, the son of Judah.
5:27 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be in the midst of the abominations;
6: 27 The one who came to the house of Yashar, his wife, and his son, the son of Zipporah, the son of Zachariah, and Shapiro, the son of Yasharah, and all the children of the tribe of Tavnul,
7: 27 And he smote him, and he smote him with his hand;
8: 27 In Basaahahah [p], I sent you the sword of the Lord, and the people of Haggadah, the spirit of the Lord, the captain of the tribe of Israel.
9: 27 Lc֗n Bzat֙ Icf֣r Aoֺֽn-iak֔b and Z֕h Cl-fr֖i Hs֣r Htat֑o Bsom֣o | Cl-abn֣i Mzb֗h Cabni-gr֙ Mnftz֔ot Lֽa-ik֥mo Asr֖im and Hmnֽim:
10: 27 When the fire was broken, the fire was in the flesh, and the fire of the fire, and the fire, and the fire, and the fire, and the fire, and the fire, and the fire, and the fire.
11: 27 You shall not be cut short, but you shall return to the land of the Lord, and you shall return to the heavens, and the light shall come upon you, and you shall not be consumed; for the people of Israel shall not be consumed; for they are not the people of the children; therefore the people of the people are not with them, but they do not do it.
12: 27 And there was a house in the house of the children of Hatha: the house of the children of the tribe of Nahar, the son of Nahar, of Nazareth, and of them, the children of Nazareth, of the tribe of Judah, of the tribe of Judah, the sons of Israel, the children of Israel.
13: 27 Hi֣h | Bi֣om Hh֗oa Itka֮ Bsof֣r Gdol֒ and B֗ao Haֽbdim֙ Ba֣rtz As֔or and Hndh֖im Ba֣rtz Mtzr֑im and Hstho֧o Liho֛h Bh֥r Hk֖ds Biroslֽm:
‪xxxx  Chapter 28   (29 verses)‬
1: 28 Thou shalt not bear the burden of pride; but it shall be remembered: and Ephrath, and Tzitz, the son of Nephal, the captain of the tribe of Zephariah, and the captain of the tribe of Asar, the sons of Sarad, the generation of the Levites.
2: 28 Behold, behold, he is a man of strength, and he is a man of strength; he is not a man; he is a man; he is a man, and he is a man;
3: 28 In the midst of the earth, thou shalt give up the land of the earth, and the earth shall be filled with water, and there shall be no water;
4: 28 ֽh֨it֜h Tzitz֤t Nbl֙ Tzb֣i Tfart֔o As֥r Al-r֖as G֣ia Smn֑im Cbcorh֙ [1] Bt֣rm K֔itz As֨r Ira֤h Hֽrah֙ Aot֔h Baod֥h Bcf֖o Iblaֽnh: S.
5: 28 Behold, this is the voice of the LORD: behold, Jehovah, O LORD, hath commanded the people of the tribe of Israel to come into the land of Tzvi, and Tzippir, the city of Tifar, the land of Shazar, with his people.
6: 28 And the captain of the tribe of Shaphat went out to sit on the gate, and he turned away from him, and he rebuked him, and he returned from the land of the sea, and he returned to Samaria.
7: 28 Gm-a֙lh֙ Bi֣in Sg֔o and Bsc֖r Ta֑o Ch֣n and Nbia֩ Sg֨o Bsc֜r Nbla֣o Mn-hi֗in Tao֙ Mn-hsc֔r Sgo֙ Bֽra֔h Fk֖o Fliliֽh:
8: 28 When all of them were sent down, they came to them, saying, "Come, go, go, go, go!"
9: 28 Whose art is it, O Lord, the Lord of the world, and the people of the world, that is, the people of the nation, the people of the people, and the people of the land?
10: 28 When the Lord commanded the people of Zion, they came to him, and they returned to the land, and they returned to them.
11: 28 For when I put up a sackcloth, I have no choice but to put it on the table, and I will not give it to anyone.
12: 28 Asher said, "Am I the king of the people of Israel?" He said to him, "I have not given you a promise, but you have given me a reward for this, and I have given you the reward for this, and I have not received it, but I am not satisfied with it."
13: 28 Hi֨h Lh֜m Dbr-iho֗h Tz֣o Ltz֞o Tz֤o Ltzo֙ K֤o Lko֙ K֣o Lk֔o Za֥ir S֖m Za֣ir S֑m Lm֨an Ilc֜o and Csl֤o Ahor֙ and Nsb֔ro and Noks֖o and Nlcֽdo: P.
14: 28 For this is the hearing of the word of the LORD, that is, the people of Israel, and of the people of Israel, that is, of the people of Israel, that is, the people of this land;
15: 28 C֣i Amrt֗m Cr֤tnֽo Brit֙ At-m֔ot and Am-sa֖ol As֣ino Hz֑h * Sailing ** S֣ot Sot֤f Cֽi- * ** Iֽabr֙ L֣a passed Iboa֔no C֣i S֧mno Cz֛b Mhs֖no and Bs֥kr Nstֽrno: S.
16: 28 For this is what the Lord has said, O Lord, O Jehovah! Behold, I am not ashamed of the children of the son, but the son of the son of Ahan, the son of the son, the son of Abraham, the son of the son of the son of the son of Moses, the son of Moses, the son of Moses, the son of Abraham, the son of Moses,
17: 28 And he shall be put to death, and he shall be judged, and he shall be victorious, and he shall be victorious, and he shall be filled with evil, and the land shall be filled with shame, and the land shall be desolate, and the land shall be desolate.
18: 28 And I will go down to you, and I will see you, and I will see you, and I will see you, and I will bring you the land of the land, and I will not see you, nor shall I go astray, but I will not go astray, but I will not go astray.
19: 28 And he said unto him, Thou hast transgressed, thou shalt take them away: for when the son of a son dies, he is cold in the cold, and he is hungry;
20: 28 When the little one of the congregation of the tribe of Nazareth died, and the land of the land was consumed, it became like a thorn.
21: 28 For as for the people of the land, the yoke of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, is he like the wicked, in the midst of the dungeon, he hath turned away from him, to do what he has done, and he hath done unto him, and he hath done unto him, and he hath done unto his servants;
22: 28 And when they came, they came to them, and took them away, and held them, because they were not in their hands, because they were all over, and they were burning with fire, which made me afraid of the fire of the LORD. Jehovah, Jehovah, is a tribe, and they are all over all the earth.
23: 28 Behold, let us hear the voice of the voice of the voice, and the voice of his heart, and hear it;
24: 28 And the king shall be ashamed, and he shall be ashamed of the stranger, and he shall be ashamed of his wickedness, and he shall be afraid, and the LORD shall return to his land.
25: 28 Behold, thou shalt be afraid of them; and behold, they have turned away from them; and they have turned their backs on them, and they have made them, and they have been cleansed, and their wickedness hath been broken, and they have been burned down, and they have been burned down, and they have been saved.
26: 28 And his voice was cast aside, because the judge of his people was not able to see him.
27: 28 And when he came, he was not in the midst of the burning, but he was in the midst of the sea, and the people of the tribe of Israel were in the midst of them, and the people of the tribe of Israel were in the midst of them.
28: 28 Yea, the children of Judah, were born; for the children of Israel were victorious, and the people of Israel were lost, and the people of the land of Gilgal returned to him, and his people were scattered with him, and they were not scattered between them.
29: 28 And the LORD hath given them to them: for the LORD hath given them the command of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the worlds.
‪xxxx  Chapter 29   (24 verses)‬
1: 29 And the people of Ari'el saw him, saying unto him, Lo, the children of Chanan, the son of David, are not the children of Shesh; but they are the children of the people of Shesh, the feast of the children of Jahon.
2: 29 And I besought my wives, to the children of Israel, and I gave them bread, and they gave me bread, and they gave me bread, and I gave them bread, and I gave them bread to eat, as I saw it.
3: 29 And I will be with you, and I will be like you, and I will bring light upon you, and I will need you, O king, and I will give you strength, and I will go to the land of Israel.
4: 29 And thou shalt fall from the midst of the earth, and thou shalt not be afraid; and thou shalt not be ashamed; and thou shalt say thy word, and thou shalt be as a punishment from the evil of the earth, and it shall be the voice of thee, and thou shalt not go down, but say unto thee, Thou shalt not cling.
5: 29 And he was like the father of the father, and he cast forth the trumpet of the stranger, and he went on with it, saying, "Behold, I will go down to you, and I will go to you."
6: 29 What is the word of Yahweh, that is, of the tribes, and of the people of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel;
7: 29 And behold, behold, they were the generations of the people, and the people of Zion, the children of Israel, all the mighty men of the nations, the people of the tribe of Israel, against all the enemies of Israel, and of all their hosts, and of the greatness of the people of Israel, and of the needy,
8: 29 and Hi֡h Casr֩ Ihl֨m Hra֜b and Hn֣h Aoc֗l and Hkitz֮ and Rik֣h Nfso֒ and Cas֨r Ihl֤m Htzma֙ and Hn֣h St֔h and Hkitz֙ and Hn֣h Ai֔f and Nfs֖o Sokk֑h C֣n Iֽhi֗h Hmon֙ Cl-hgoi֔m Htzba֖im Al-h֥r Tziֽon: S.
9: 29 Thou hast sworn to him, and he hath taken him away, that hath made him, that he may be satisfied; and that they have gone astray: for he hath forgotten all things, and they have not come.
10: 29 When the people of Israel came to you, O Israel, they turned away from you, and they turned away from you, and brought them to the ground, and brought them up to the prophets, and to your heads, and to them, to the south,
11: 29 Th֨i Lc֜m Hz֣ot Hc֗l Cdbri֮ Hs֣fr Hֽhtom֒ Asֽr-itn֣o At֗o Al-iod֥a * ** S֛fr Lam֖r school Kr֣a Na-z֑h and Amr֙ L֣a Aoc֔l C֥i Ht֖om Hֽoa:
12: 29 And you shall be the one who is cursed by the people of Israel, who is not the son of David, nor the son of Israel, nor the son of Israel, nor the son of Israel, nor the son of Israel, nor the son of Israel.
13: 29 I֣amr Adn֗i I֚an C֤i Ngs֙ Ha֣m Hz֔h Bf֤io and Bsftio֙ Cbd֔oni and Lb֖o Rh֣k Mm֑ni and Th֤i Iratm֙ At֔i Mtzo֥t Ans֖im Mlmdֽh:
14: 29 For thus shall we be able to destroy the people of the world, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the LORD, the wise, the wise, the wise, and the children of the sons of the children,
15: 29 Thou shalt not lift up the waters of the earth, nor the waters of the sea, nor the water, nor the water, nor the water, nor the water, nor the water, nor the water, nor the water, nor the water.
16: 29 And the son of the son of the king returned to the house of the king of Israel, and he returned to the land of Israel, and he returned to the land of Israel, and he returned to the land of Israel, and he returned to the land of Israel.
17: 29 Shall the people of the land be taken away from the land, and the children of Lebanon shall return to the land of the vineyard, and the vineyard shall be filled with bread?
18: 29 And he heard the voice of the people of the wilderness, saying, "Do not speak to me, and speak to me, and I will not be afraid of you, and I will not see your eyes."
19: 29 And Jesus said unto them, Behold, they are ashamed of him, and they shall be glad: and they shall be glad, and they shall not be afraid; but they shall not be ashamed, but they shall be ashamed.
20: 29 When the eyes of Ephim went up, they went up to him, and all the trees were cut off, and all their trees were destroyed.
21: 29 He is a sinner, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a beast, a beast, a beast, a beast, a mountain, and a mountain.
22: 29 For as the LORD hath said, O LORD, behold, I am the daughter of Abraham, the son of Jacob, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, the father of Abraham, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham;
23: 29 For in his sight is his child, he is not doing what he has done to him, but he is near to him, and he is holy, and there is no fear of him, but his name is not, and the sanctuary of his people is great, and he is not worthy of the LORD, nor of the LORD, nor of the LORD, nor of the LORD.
24: 29 And he knew that they were angry with him, and that they were fighting against him.
‪xxxx  Chapter 30   (33 verses)‬
1: 30 The sons of the sons of the sons of Sodomites, the sons of Na'am-YהוOH֔֔֔ ל ל ל֤֤֤֤ ֔ ע ע֙֙֙֙֙֙ מִ מִ מִ ע ע ע ע֙֙֙ ו ו מִ מִ מִ מִ ֣ מַ מַ מַ מַ ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ֣ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ֖֖֖֖ ו ו רו רו רו ֣ לְ לְ לְ רו רו רו רו רו ֣ לְ לְ ס ס ס ס ס ס ס ס ס ס ס ס ס ס ס ס ס ס ס ס ס ס ס ס ס ס
2: 30 Thou shalt not go down to the land of the LORD, nor to the children of Israel, nor to the land of Israel; but to the land of Israel, to the land of Israel, and to the land of Israel,
3: 30 And he gave to them, because they were not afraid of Pharaoh, but they were in the midst of the women, and the inheritance was in the shadow of Egypt, so that they might be filled with it.
4: 30 For when the people of Israel are in a state of sorrow, they are full of their anger, and their power is in their hands;
5:30 And the Baish, the one who was with them, went up against them; they did not turn to him; they did not turn away from him; they were not afraid; they were not afraid; but they were not afraid of them, neither were they ashamed of them, neither of them were afraid of them.
6: 30 Ms֖a Bhm֣ot N֑gb Bartz֩ Tzr֨h and Tzok֜h Lb֧ia and L֣is Mh֗m Afah֙ and Sr֣f Maof֔f Isao֩ Al-c֨tf Air֜im Hֽilh֗m and Al-db֤st Gmlim֙ Aֽotzrt֔m Al-a֖m L֥a Ioaֽilo:
7: 30 And Mizoram, the Lord of the Wilderness, and Jezreel, of Jezreel, for this is the place of the land of my people, that I may not be pleased with them;
8: 30 Thou hast seen it, behold, thou shalt not give it unto them, but it is against them, and it is against them, that is, the law of the law, and it shall be given to them, and they shall return after them, and they shall not go down until they are gone.
9: 30 And when the men of Mercy died, the children of the children of Israel were destroyed, and the children of Israel were not there; they were not afraid, but they were not afraid, but the LORD commanded them.
10: 30 As for the people of Israel, they said to him, "Behold, they are not worthy, but they are not."
11: 30 סו֚רו מננ-די- ד֔רךך ה֖ט֖ו֖ מנניי- א֑ר֑ח הַה הששבב֥ב֥ת֥ה מפפננ֖נ֖ינו עתד-קּד-קּר֥ש֥ש יה יִשארֽאֽת:ל:: ס.
12: 30 For as for her, she said, "Behold, I will go down to the house of the children of Israel, and I will bring them into the land of Israel." This is the truth of the Lord, and this is his promise, and his promise to him is in the heart of the sackcloth, and the children of the land, and the people of his land, and his people.
13: 30 So, behold, it is a sign of you, that is, the people of the land. 17 And this is the day of the morning, when the people of Nephilim, Nebajah, were in the midst of the land of Nezaggab, which was as far away as Phaatha.
14: 30 And when he spoke it, as it was, he spoke to him, saying, The children of Israel were victorious, so that the LORD was not with him, and he was not circumcised, because he was in his commandment, and he was not in the house of the LORD, nor was he the son of the LORD.
15: 30 And when the Lord said, I said unto him, Lord, I pray thee, O LORD, thou shalt not be ashamed;
16: 30 And they said, 'Behold, they are not so much, but they have been defeated, so that they may suffer, and they will not go down, and so shall they be burned down.
17: 30 I will give you a thousand pieces of bread, and I will give them a hundred shekels, and I will give them bread, and I will give them bread, and I will give them bread, and I will give them bread.
18: 30 And therefore, behold, Yahweh, the son of Yahweh, is the son of the king, and they are the sons of the sons of Israel, and they are the sons of the sons of Israel, and they are the sons of the sons of Israel.
19: 30 For the people of Israel are ashamed of their wickedness, because they are in their midst, and they are not in their midst; they are the sons of the sons of Israel, and the children of Israel, the priests, the sons of Israel, and the children of Israel.
20: 30 And you shall be given to them, Adonai, for me, to be merciful, and to be merciful, and to be strong, and to be strong, and to give strength to you, and to your eyes, and to your eyes, and to your eyes, to see your strength.
21: 30 And your right hand shall be full, and it shall be filled with the tongue of the Lord, and it shall be your heart, and thy glory shall be upon you. Amen. The Lord is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord.
22: 30 And thou shalt not observe the expectation, but cast aside thy cup, and thy hand, and the silver of thy hand, and the gold of thy hand;
23: 30 Ntn֩ Mt֨r Zrac֜ Asr-tzr֣a At-hadm֗h and L֙hm֙ Tboa֣t Hֽadm֔h and Hi֥h Ds֖n and Sm֑n Ira֥h Mkn֛ic Bi֥om Hh֖oa C֥r Nrhֽb:
24: 30 And the elp, and the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, and the mountains, and the land of Mizrah.
25: 30 And there was a woman, and all the children of the children of Gilead were married. And the children of Gilead returned to the land of Israel.
26: 30 Hi֤h Aֽor-hlbnh֙ Ca֣or Hֽhm֔h and A֤or Hֽhmh֙ Ihi֣h Sbat֔im Ca֖or Sba֣t Him֑im Bi֗om Hb֤s Ihoh֙ At-s֣br Am֔o and M֥htz Mct֖o Irfֽa: S.
27: 30 Behold, there is a name of Yahweh, which is in the midst of the earth, and it is in the midst of the earth that is full of its fire, and it is in the presence of its own lips, its mouths, that are filled with earth, and its tongue is not as it was, but it is consumed.
28: 30 And his spirit was like that, and he began to go astray, even before the commandment of the people of the land, but the people of the tribe of Israel were there, because they were in the house of the tribe of Simeon, and they were the inhabitants of the land.
29: 30 The song is true, and it is the voice of the Lord, that is, the voice of the Lord, the holy, the holy, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty;
30:30 And the Lord, the Lord, gave him the voice of the voice of the voice of his voice, and he saw his strength, and he saw it in the midst of the anger of the sword, and he gave it to him, and he gave him no bread, and consumed it, and it was not in the heat of the fire, and it was in the heat, and the son of Abraham was born.
31: 30 When the LORD said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be ashamed, but thou shalt be ashamed of the seed of the LORD.
32: 30 And he, behold, the angel of Moses, the son of Moses, the son of Moses, the son of Moses, the son of Moses, the son of Jeho, the son of Levi, the son of Jeho, the son of Levi, the son of Joseph, the son of Levi, and the sons of Kohath, the sons of Kohath, the sons of Kohath, and the sons of Kohath, the sons of Kohath.
33: 30 Cֽi-ar֤oc Mֽatmol֙ Tft֔h Gm- * is ** H֛ia Lm֥lc Hoc֖n Ham֣ik Hrh֑b Mdrt֗h A֤s and Atzim֙ Hrb֔h Nsm֤t Ihoh֙ Cn֣hl Gfr֔it Bar֖h Bֽh: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 31   (9 verses)‬
1: 31 H֣oi Hird֤im Mtzr֙im֙ Lazr֔h Al-sos֖im Isa֑no and Ibth֨o Al-r֜cb C֣i R֗b and A֤l Fֽrsim֙ Cֽi-atzm֣o Ma֔d and L֤a Sao֙ Al-kd֣os Isra֔l and At-iho֖h L֥a Drֽso:
2: 31 And the wise man was wise, and he came to him, and he rebuked him, and his word was not, and he was not ashamed, and he rose up from the house of the children of the evil men, and against the people of Azar.
3: 31 And the people of Mizraham, the people of the land, and the men of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the inhabitants of the land, and the land of Israel.
4: 31 C֣i C֣h Aֽmr-iho֣h | Al֡i Cas֣r Ihgh֩ Hari֨h and Hcf֜ir Al-trf֗o As֨r Ikr֤a Alio֙ Ml֣a Ra֔im Mkolm֙ L֣a Ih֔t and Mֽhmon֖m L֣a Iֽan֑h C֗n Ird֙ LORD Tzba֔ot Ltzb֥a Al-hr-tzi֖on and Al-gbatֽh:
5:31 And as soon as they were finished, they went out, saying, "O LORD, I am the LORD, the LORD of hosts, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the Israelites, the Israelites, the Israelites, the Philistines, the Israelites, and the Allies.
6: 31 And his name is as the name of the people, but the people of the people of Israel, the people of Israel, are the children of Israel.
7:31 When he came to the house, he was amazed, he was disgusted with him, and there was no god but God. As for his people, and God, he was a wolf, and he was his wife. As for them, they did not do anything to them.
8: 31 And Naphtal was married to him, in the midst of the sword, he was not a man, and he was a man, and he was not a man; but they were consumed, and they were consumed, and they were taken away from me, and they were afraid of him, and they were afraid of him.
9: 31 And they were taken away from the land of the mountains, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and the people of the land were destroyed, and the people of the land were destroyed, and the land was destroyed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 32   (20 verses)‬
1: 32 Behold, there is no god but thee, and he that is with thee, and goeth down to the throne of the tribe of Yashro.
2: 32 And there was a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, and a man of valor, a man of valor, a man of valor, a man of valor, a priest, a priest, and a captain of the tribe of Aafia.
3: 32 And you shall not be satisfied with the sight of the eyes of the LORD, and the ears of those who hear;
4: 32 And the sons of the sons of Namhar rebuked, and the children of the children of Israel were in the house of the LORD.
5:32 And the people of the tribe of Na֛דדd came to Nabal, and the people of N֑֑֑֑ ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ל ל ל ל ל ֥ ל ל ל י י י י י ל ל ל ל ל ל ל י י י י י י י
6: 32 For when he was born, he begged him to go, and he gave his heart to him, and his heart went to him, to do his work, and to give him light unto the LORD, and to go forth, to shake up the evil of the wicked, and to destroy it.
7:32 And all these things are all evil, and they are no more, and they are no more than men, and they are not worthy of them, nor are they afraid of them, but they are wicked, and they have no mercy.
8: 32 And Nedib, and Nadav, and Nathav, and Nathav, and Joah, were over Nedib, and Zohath.
9: 32 The women of the tribe of Saadan, the priests of the tribe of Kohath, of Shemna, of the tribe of Kohath, of the sons of Israel, of the sons of Israel;
10: 32 The days of the people of Israel were filled with joy, and the fire was broken, for all of them were in the air, and the fire was not finished;
11: 32 They were afraid, and the people of the tribe of Sihon were rebellious, and the people of the tribe of Israel were scattered among them, and the people of the land were scattered over their land.
12: 32 On the one hand, there is a scepter on the border of the land of Judah on the border of Gap, the mouth of Phraya;
13: 32 And the people of Adham, the people of the people, came up against them, and the people of Israel, the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land.
14: 32 When the earth was full, the sea was broken, and the mountains were filled with water, and there was a sea of ​​light, and there was light, and there was a sea, and there was a sea of ​​trees, and they were still in the water, and they were still in the wilderness, and they were still in the wilderness of the wilderness.
15: 32 And when he was angry with him, he went up against him, saying, Behold, the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the Lord.
16: 32 And they dwelt in the midst of the wicked, and the righteous, and in the vineyard, the thorn was restored.
17: 32 And He made the work of the righteous, and the servant of the Lord, the Lord of the earth, and the servant of the Lord, the Lord of the earth, and of the Lord of the worlds.
18: 32 And the people of the tribe of Ammonites rebelled against them, and they were destroyed, and in the land of Israel there was security in the land, and in the provisions of the law that were given to us.
19: 32 And he gave birth to the seed of the LORD, and he gave it to him, and to the fire of the fire, he gave up the light of the fire.
20: 32 I will give them all their sustenance: for all things shall be fulfilled, and they shall not be rejoice, nor shall they be merciful.
‪xxxx  Chapter 33   (24 verses)‬
1: 33 Thou shalt go down, and thou shalt not go, nor shalt thou go down, nor glorify, nor, behold, thou shalt go forth: thou shalt surely go forth: thou shalt not go astray: thou shalt go forth: thou shalt go down to thy land, and thou shalt not bring forth the glory of the children of the house.
2: 33 Yahweh, your sons, are our wives, because they are our enemies. Behold, Zer'am is the first to be born, and you will not be afraid to commit adultery in the midst of trouble.
3:33 33 And they shall go down, and they shall go down, and they shall go down: and they shall be destroyed, and they shall not be destroyed.
4:33 And the king of the Chaldeans, who was with the sword of the sword of the sword, was as much as the mighty man;
5:33 And the LORD, the LORD, hath made him prosper: for he hath not forgotten, for he hath been rebellious, and he hath not given up.
6: 33 And there was faith in you, and with your eyes, I am afraid of you, and I am afraid of you, and I am afraid of you, and I am afraid of you.
7:33 Behold, I will see unto thee, that thou shalt go forth, and behold, I will go down to the house of the LORD, and I will bring it unto thee.
8: 33 A man, a man, a man, a horse, a horse, a man, a man, a man, a man, a servant, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man;
9: 33 The father of Ammulah went up against the tree of Hippopotamus, the son of Laban, the son of David, the son of Aaron, the son of Aaron, the son of Aaron, of Hebron, of Hebron, and of Na'ar, of Bashan, and of Keremal.
10:33 And when the people of Israel came to an end, the LORD said, "Surely, Jehovah, I have come to you, and I will come to you, and I will return to you."
11: 33 Thou shalt not conceive, Thou shalt give birth to thy soul: but if thy spirit be broken, then shall thy flesh be consumed.
12: 33 And they were with them, and they were not in captivity, but the people of the tribe of Kohath were as they were, but they were not in their possession.
13: 33 He heard the voice of the LORD, saying, "Behold, I will make you happy."
14:33 Surely they are not in Zion, they are the sinners, they are the ones who are the sons of the sons of Israel, they are the sons of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the descendants of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
15: 33 Hl֣c Tzdk֔ot and Db֖r Mֽisr֑im Ma֞s Bb֣tza Mask֗ot Na֤r Cfio֙ Mtm֣c Bs֔hd At֤m Azno֙ Msm֣a Dm֔im and Atz֥m Ain֖io Mra֥ot Brֽa:
16: 33 And they shall not lift themselves up, but they shall be victorious, and they shall go out of their way: for they have returned to their land, and they have given them bread from the sea, and they have been safe for ever.
17: 33 Your hand is in me, and it is your strength, and your eyes are in your eyes, and you shall see the earth, which is far away from you.
18:33 33 Your heart shall come to me, but I will not give it to you, but I will count it, and I will give it to you, and I will send it to the people of the world.
19:33 Thou shalt not go away; behold, thou shalt not see it; but they are still with the mouth, and the lips are still in the mouth;
20: 33 Hz֣h Tzi֔on Kri֖t Mֽoad֑no Ainic֩ Tra֨inh Irosl֜m No֣h San֗n A֤hl Bl-itzan֙ Bl-is֤a Itֽdtio֙ Ln֔tzh and Cl-hbl֖io Bl-intֽko:
21: 33 But when they were, they were light, O Jehovah, the LORD; they were not from the place of Nahar, but they were not far from Yahweh, but they were far from you, but they were not in you, but they were in you, and they were not in me, and they were not in the fire, but they were not in the fire.
22:33 For the LORD is the one who has sent judgment upon us, the LORD is the one who is casting us out, the LORD is the LORD, the Lord of the kingdom of Israel, the Lord of the kingdom of Israel.
23: 33 And he was defeated, and he was put to shame, because he was not in possession of the son of the son of the son of Tarnon, because he was not in possession of the land, but he was destroyed, and there was not a wall, but there was a wall, and there was no stone, and there was no stone.
24: 33 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not be satisfied; for I am not a man, but a man is a man, and a woman is a woman;
‪xxxx  Chapter 34   (17 verses)‬
1: 34 And he came near to the sea, and he went astray, and the nation came to him, and the hardening of his heart came to pass, and he came to the land of the land, and he was full of all the seed, and all the people of it were there.
2: 34 When the children of Israel came to the house of all their hosts, and they fought against all their armies, they were destroyed, and they were not given permission to enter into exile.
3: 34 And the children of Israel were destroyed, and the generations of them were defeated, and their villages were destroyed, because they were destroyed by their fire, and they were defeated, and they were destroyed from their land.
4: 34 And all the people of the tribe of N֣֣֙֙֙, the people of the tribe of N֥֥֥֥֥ כ כ, as the name of the people of the wilderness, and all the people of the tribe of Yב י֔֔ י י י י, rebuked them, as they raised up on it a multitude of grapes, and the people of Nב֖֖֖l מִt died from it.
5:34 So that the LORD gave them up in the name of the LORD, so that they were burned, but they were against them, because they were rebellious, and against their anger, they were against the law of judgment.
6: 34 Behold, the Lord is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, and the Most High.
7:34 And the men of Israel went up against the people of Aboram, and destroyed them with their fathers, and their land was destroyed, and their land was destroyed, and their land was full of water, and the land of the LORD was destroyed.
8: 34 And when they were gone, they were burned down, and they were not, but they were two, and they were not;
9: 34 And the people of Nezahl, the sons of Zechariah, turned to Zephath, and Asaph, to Gefir, and brought her land to Mizpeh, the city of Baaratha.
10: 34 And the day came, and the day came, and it was not, and it was a pillar of the earth, but they were not, but they were made up of them, and they were made up of them, and they were burned, and they were burned, and they were burned, and there was no fire, but they were not victorious, but they were not.
11: 34 And he hath made him an inheritance, and he hath given it to him, and he hath turned away from him, and he hath turned away from him, and he hath turned away from him, and he hath turned away from her;
12: 34 He hath made them, and they are not, but they are not kings, but they shall be gathered together, and all their flesh shall be filled with them.
13:34 And the people of Armon, Armonathia, rose up, and they were destroyed, and they were there in the wilderness, and they were there, and they were there, and they were not afraid, because they were afraid of the children of Israel.
14: 34 And I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will make you angry with him, and I will not be afraid of him. I will come to you there, and I will be angry with you, and I will not find you.
15: 34 And when the people of Kenaan came to Zion, they stood up and murmured, and they rose up, and prevailed, and in the midst of them, they were victorious, but they did not receive them, but their wives were victorious.
16: 34 He commanded the people of the tribe of Sopheth, the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD.
17: 34 And behold, this is the heart of the Lord, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty.
‪xxxx  Chapter 35   (10 verses)‬
1: 35 He shall be ashamed of them: [1] And he shall be victorious, and shall be victorious: and the sword shall be filled with dust, and the flesh shall be broken.
2: 35 And he said unto him, Come, thou shalt not be afraid; and thou shalt not be angry; but thou shalt not be afraid; and thou shalt not be afraid; for the son of the son of the son of the son shall be given to him, and he shall be given to the LORD, and he shall be the LORD of the worlds, and the LORD shall be the LORD.
3: 35 Behold, the children of Israel are righteous; they are merciful; and they are blessed, as if they have gone astray, but have commanded.
4: 35 Say, "Behold, I will go down to the mountains, to the mountains, to the mountains, to the mountains, to the mountains, to the mountains, to the mountains, to the mountains, to the mountains, to the mountains, to the mountains, to the mountains, to the mountains;
5:35 And if thou shalt give up, behold, there is a hymn in the eye of the wicked, and they shall not be afraid;
6: 35 And he said unto them, Shall I give up the light of the sea, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall not be destroyed, but they shall not be put to death, but they shall not be put to death, but in the wilderness, they shall be destroyed, and they shall be destroyed.
7:35 And it was the people who were eager to take care of them, and the people came to them, and they came to me, and brought them to me, and they gave me bread, and they gave me bread, and they gave me bread, and the wine was sweet, and the wine was sweet.
8: 35 And there was a wall, a wall, a wall, a wall, and a wall, and a wall, a wall, and a wall, and a wall, and a wall, and a wall, and a wall, and a wall, and a wall, and a wall.
9: 35 For they have not seen it; they have seen it, and they have scattered the life of the people, but they have not taken away their wives, neither have they been saved, but their name is not, and they are the ones who have gone hungry.
10: 35 And they were redeemed, O Jehovah, that dwelt among them; and the children of Zion came to them, and in the midst of them, they were saved, and they went up against them, because of their heads, and they were glad, and glad, and they were ashamed, and they were defeated;
‪xxxx  Chapter 36   (22 verses)‬
1: 36 And he was in the midst of the land of Israel, that was nine years old, because he had gone astray, and he had given him up to him: for he had gone astray, and he had turned away from all the people of the land of Israel, the LORD of Judah, the LORD of the people, and the people of Israel.
2: 36 Isl֣h Mֽlc-as֣or | At-rb-sk֨h Mlc֧is Irosl֛mh Al-hm֥lc Hzki֖ho Bh֣il Cb֑d and ֽiam֗d Btalt֙ Hbrc֣h Halion֔h Bmsl֖t Sd֥h Cobֽs:
3: 36 And the sons of Elijah, Eliak, and Nahum the son of Hilkiah, brought him up, as the son of Habbath, and the son of Asaph, and the son of Asaph, the son of Isaac.
4: 36 And Moses said unto them, Behold, thou shalt say unto them, Behold, thou shalt not go down unto him: thou shalt not go down unto the great, but the great, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty.
5: 36 O mother of my daughters, I am with you, I am with you, I am with you, and I will raise up my children to fight against you, and I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will bring you to you.
6: 36 Hn֣h Bt֡ht Al-msant֩ Hkn֨h Hrtz֤otz Hzh֙ Al-mtzr֔im As֨r Ism֥c Ais֙ Al֔io and B֥a Bcf֖o and Nkb֑h C֚n Fra֣h Mֽlc-mtzr֔im Lcֽl-hbth֖im Alֽio:
7: 36 and Ci-tam֣r Al֔i Al-iho֥h Alh֖ino Bt֑hno Hloa-h֗oa As֨r Hs֤ir Hzki֙ho֙ At-bmt֣io and At-mzbht֔io and I֤amr Lֽihodh֙ and Lir֣osl֔m Lfn֛i Hmzb֥h Hz֖h Tֽsthoֽo:
8: 36 And when thou hast stirred up, thou shalt bring down the Lord, and it is your inheritance, and it is your strength, and it is your inheritance to you; and it is not to you, but to them, but to you, and to you, to the Lord, to you, to the Lord;
9: 36 And your hands shall be turned away, and they shall be turned away from me, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
10: 36 And behold, the LORD hath taken me away: for I am the LORD, that I have transgressed against this evil land, that I may destroy it: the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the God of the people, and I will bring you to the land of this land, and I will destroy it.
11: 36 I֣amr Alikim֩ and Sbn֨a and Ioa֜h Al-rb-sk֗h Dbr-n֤a Al-abd֙ic֙ Arm֔it C֥i Sma֖im An֑hno and Al-tdb֤r Al֙ino֙ Ihod֔it Bazn֣i Ha֔m As֖r Al-hhomֽh:
12: 36 I֣amr Rb-sk֗h Ha֨l Adn֤ic and Al֙ic֙ Slh֣ni Adn֔i Ldb֖r At-hdbr֣im Ha֑lh Hl֣a Al-hans֗im Hiֽsbim֙ Al-h֣hom֔h Lac֣l At- * Hraihm ** Tzoat֗m and Lst֛ot At- * teeth ** ** Rglih֖m Amcֽm: Mim֥i
13: 36 And Moses went up to her great heart, and came to him in the voice of Gad, saying, O Yahweh, thou shalt say, Hear, thou shalt speak the word of the Lord, and I will send thee into the great world, and it shall come to thee that thou shalt be saved.
14: 36 And as for her, she said unto the king, Go not unto me, that thou shalt not lift up the bread of them, but bring it to me, and I will not bring it to thee.
15: 36 And he shall not be afraid of you, but I will bring him to the house of Yahweh, but the Lord of the flock shall save us, O Yahweh, for this is not given to you, but this is the light that nourishes you in the midst of your wickedness.
16: 36 Aֽl-tsma֖o Al-hzki֑ho S. Ci֩ C֨h Am֜r Hm֣lc As֗or Asֽo-at֤i Brch֙ and Tza֣o Al֔i and Acl֤o Ais-gfno֙ and A֣is Tant֔o and St֖o A֥is Mi-borֽo:
17: 36 And when thou hast taken them, thou shalt bring them unto the earth, as though they were in the land of the fish, and they shall go out to the land of Merom, and they shall be destroyed.
18: 36 And Poseidon, the captain of the tribe of Zacarias, called him, saying, "The LORD, O LORD, hath given us strength, and the LORD has given us strength." The LORD said, "Behold, I will bring you the land of your land, and I will bring you forth from the land of Israel."
19: 36 O God, O God, have mercy on me, and I will not be afraid of you, nor shall I be afraid of you?
20: 36 מ֗֗ ב בְּל-אל-אה אל֤ה֤ה ההֽהֽאֲרצוו֙ר֙ה האה֔א֔ה אה אה אשהצה-הה-הה֥ה א֔ל֖י-אר֖ת֖ם מִייָּד֑י֑י הֽיֽיֽי-יה יצי֛ה יה יה י֛ה֛ה אה יּרששִל֖הםם מִייָּדֽיֽיֽי.
21: 36 And the man became a man, and his wife was not with him, but he was with him, saying, "Behold, I pray thee, I pray thee."
22: 36 Ib֣a Alik֣im Bn-hlki֣ho Asr-al-h֠bit and Sbn֨a Hsof֜r and Ioa֨h Bn-as֧f Hmzc֛ir Al-hzki֖ho Kroa֣i Bgd֑im and Ig֣ido L֔o A֖t Dbr֥i Rb-skֽh: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 37   (38 verses)‬
1: 37 And there came to me, when the people of Israel came to him, and the king of Israel came to him, and brought him to the house of Gad, and brought him to the land of the land, and he came to the house of Yahweh.
2: 37 And he sent the children of Elijah, who were in the midst of the captivity, and the men of the children, who were the captives, and the young men, the children of the Canaanites, who were gathered together in the land of the land, to the land of the Amazites, the children of the sons of Israel.
And Moses said to him, "Behold, I will come to the house of Hazekiah, O nation of Tzorah, and you shall destroy it, and I will bring it to you, for this is the land of the sons of Israel."
4: 37 Aol֡i Isma֩ Iho֨h Alh֜ic A֣t | Dbr֣i Rb-sk֗h Asr֩ Slh֨o Mֽlc-as֤or | Adnio֙ Lhrf֙ Alh֣im H֔i and Hoc֙ih֙ Bdbr֔im As֥r Sm֖a LORD Alh֑ic and Ns֣at Tfl֔h Ba֥d Hsar֖it Hnmtzaֽh:
5:37 And Job came to him, and he worshiped him, and the king came to him, and gave him strength to him, and saved him.
6: 37 and I֤amr Alihm֙ Isֽai֔ho C֥h Tamr֖on Al-adnic֑m C֣h | Am֣r Iho֗h Al-tira֙ Mfn֤i Hdbrim֙ As֣r Sm֔at As֧r Gdf֛o Nar֥i Mlc-as֖or Aotֽi:
7: 37 Behold, you shall be satisfied with him, and he shall return to his land, and he shall return to his land, and his loins shall be filled with bread in his land.
8: 37 And it came to pass, when she was very angry with her, and found that thou hast taken away from them, that they were cast down, and cast them upon their hearts, for it was so that they were afraid, so that they might go away from thee,
9: 37 And he went up to the house of Thiratha, the son of Mezkel, the priest of the Amorite tribe, who was to be brought to the land, and the LORD was with you, and he gave his name to him, and he turned away from him, and he turned away from him, and brought him to the house of Hamzah.
10: 37 C֣h Tamr֗on Al-hzki֤ho Mֽlc-ihodh֙ Lam֔r Al-isֽac֣ Alh֔ic As֥r At֛h Bot֥h B֖o Lam֑r L֤a Tntn֙ Ir֣osl֔m Bi֖d M֥lc Asֽor:
11: 37 Behold, thou shalt give up thy name, that is, I will make it, that thou shalt do it: thou shalt not go down to all the land, but lift up them, and thou shalt be saved.
12: 37 And they brought them unto them, O God; they were mighty, but they were not, but they were corrupting the fathers, even Gathazan, and the other of them, and they were bare, and the children of Eden, which were bitter with them.
13: 37 And he said unto thee, Behold, thou shalt go away, and thou shalt not go down to the earth; and it shall come unto thee, that they may turn away from the fire;
14:37 And Hezekiah, the son of Zephaih, brought him to the house of the king, and he brought him to the house of the kings, and called him to him, and he went to the house of Yahweh, and he gave him his bread, and he gave him bread to the LORD.
15: 37 And the strength of his strength came to him, to the LORD, and to him,
16: 37 The LORD, O LORD, is the tribe of the LORD, O Israel, the Israelites, the Israelites, the Israelites, the Cherubites, the Israelites, the Israelites, the Israelites, the Israelites, the Israelites, the Israelites, and all of Israel.
17: 37 And the LORD hath sent thee, he hath given thee strength, and he hath given thee strength, and he hath given it to the LORD, and he hath given it to the LORD, and he hath given it to him.
18: 37 They believed, O Jehovah, that He hath given his heart to the king, and that he hath given up all the land of the land, and the land of their land.
19:37 And they brought God to them, but they came to him, because he was not God, but he was afraid of them, because he did not do them, but he did not do anything to them.
20: 37 And the time came, the LORD, O God, our God, our God, and the people of his salvation, from his hand. [1] And they knew all the kingdoms of the earth, so that the people of Israel were with you, the LORD your God.
21: 37 And he sent it, and he gave it to him, the son of Amor, to him, to Hazekiah, to him, and to Amor, the son of Amazah, to the LORD, to God, and to the LORD, to him, to him, to Israel, and to the people of Israel, to whom the people of Israel have turned.
22: 37 And this is the commandment of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
23: 37 And you shall not be afraid of the anger of the LORD, nor of the mighty, nor of the mighty, but of the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, and the mighty;
24: 37 Bi֣d Abdic֮ Hr֣ft | Adni֒ and T֗amr Br֥b Rcb֛i An֥i Al֛iti Mr֥om Hr֖im Irct֣i Lbn֑on and Acr֞t Kom֤t Arzio֙ Mbh֣r Brs֔io and Aboa֙ Mr֣om Ktz֔o I֖ar Crmlֽo:
25: 37 I am jealous of you, and you have made me thirsty, and have multiplied me in the palm of my hand, so that I will not be afraid.
26: 37 Behold, thou shalt not go down, but thou shalt go out from the midst of the earth, but thou shalt not go, but thou shalt not be thirsty: and I will bring it to thee: and I will bring it to thee, and it shall come to pass.
27: 37 And the captives were gathered together, and the children of the children of Israel were cut off, and they were ashamed, and they returned to the land of the land, and the land of the LORD was destroyed, and the mountains of Galilee were closed, and they were destroyed, and they returned before them.
28: 37 And thy captivity was gone, and thy coming came, and it came to pass, that I may come to you, and I will come to you, and I will give you strength.
29: 37 I֚an Htrgzc֣ Al֔i and Sannc֖ Al֣h Bazn֑i and Smt֨i Hh֜i Baf֗c and Mtgi֙ Bsft֔ic and Hs֣ibt֔ic Bd֖rc Asr-b֥at Bֽh:
30: 37 And this is what you have done, and this is the first time of the year, and it is the sixth day, and the second is the sixth, and the third is the sixth, and the third is the sixth, and the one who is thirsty, and the one who is thirsty, and the one who is thirsty, and the one who is thirsty, eat it, and eat it, and eat it.
31: 37 And he gave up the house of Philathath, the daughter of Jehoiada, the son of Judah, the son of Levi, the sixth of the tribe, and the tribe of Esau, and the inhabitants of Pera, the cities of Mala.
32: 37 When the LORD was born, he was born, and he was not there;
33: 37 Lc֗n Cֽh-am֤r Ihoh֙ Al-m֣lc As֔or L֤a Iboa֙ Al-ha֣ir Hz֔at and Lֽa-ior֥h S֖m H֑tz and Lֽa-ikdm֣nh Mg֔n and Lֽa-isf֥c Al֖ih [1] Sllֽh:
34: 37 He who is blessed, who is in the house, is there a son, and there is a son, and this is the light, and this is not the son of the LORD;
35: 37 And I will go up against this light, that is, and I will give it to the people of Israel, and I will give it to them, to the people of the land, and to the land of Eden, to the west of Abad-e-Zion.
36: 37 And he said, "And the LORD, behold, the LORD is the LORD, and the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Lord." 36:37 And he commanded the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD, and the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord, and the Lord.
37:37 And he said, "And I will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
38: 37 Ihi֩ H֨oa Mֽstho֜h B֣it | Nsr֣c Alh֗io and ֽadrm֨lc and Sra֤tzr Bnio֙ Hc֣ho Bh֔rb and H֥mh Nmlt֖o A֣rtz Arr֑t and Iml֛c Aֽsr-hd֥n Bn֖o Thtֽio: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 38   (22 verses)‬
1: 38 Bim֣im Hh֔m Hl֥h Hzki֖ho Lm֑ot and Ib֣oa A֠lio Isai֨ho Bn-am֜otz Hnb֗ia and I֨amr Al֜io Cֽh-am֤r Ihoh֙ Tz֣o Lbit֔c C֛i M֥t At֖h and L֥a Tֽhiֽh:
2: 38 And Jesse the son of Hazekiah came to him, and turned him to the kohl, and turned to the LORD.
3: 38 Iam֗r An֤h Ihoh֙ Zcr-n֞a A֣t As֧r Hthl֣cti Lfn֗ic Bֽamt֙ and Bl֣b Sl֔m and Ht֥ob Bain֖ic As֑iti and I֥bc Hzki֖ho Bc֥i Gdֽol: S.
4:38 And the word of the word of the LORD came to him, saying, "Do not be afraid of him;
5: 38 Hl֞oc and Amrt֣ Al-hzki֗ho Cֽh-am֤r Ihoh֙ Alhi֙ Do֣d Ab֔ic Sm֙ati֙ At-tflt֔c Ra֖iti At-dmat֑c Hnni֙ Ios֣f Al-im֔ic Hm֥s Asr֖h Snֽh:
6: 38 And I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you protection, and I will defend you against this evil.
7:38 And this is your name, that is, the commandments of the LORD, that is, when the LORD hath made a covenant with the LORD, and he hath brought forth the LORD, and this is the land of the LORD.
8: 38 Hnn֣i Ms֣ib At-tz֣l Hֽmal֡ot As֣r Irdh֩ Bmal֨ot Ah֥z Bs֛ms Ahrn֖it A֣sr Mal֑ot and T֤sb Hs֙ms֙ A֣sr Mal֔ot Bֽmal֖ot As֥r Irֽdh: S.
9: 38 And he cried to him, "Behold, I am with you, O son of Judah!"
10: 38 I am now, my mother, that I may be in the midst of my life, but now I will not come to you in the hour of my captivity, but I will not give up my flock, nor will the rest of my years be gone.
11: 38 Am I not worthy of seeing me, because I am not seeing her, but she is in the house of the living, but not because I am with you, but I am with them, and I am with you.
12: 38 Do not be angry, and I will be exalted, for I am not like any other evil. My cup is full of me, as I have seen, I have lived, and I have lived in Megalah, and I will make a promise to you, and I will make a promise to you, and I will continue to do so until I die.
13: 38 And I will be with you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
14: 38 And I will not be ashamed of you, but I will not be angry with you, nor shall I be angry with you, but with me, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, My eyes, My eyes, My eyes.
15: 38 And he said unto him, O Lord, do not be angry with me, and do not be angry with me, and behold, I will not do any thing for you.
16: 38 Adonai said, "Go up to them, and let them be alive, and all of you shall be alive." "Behold, I will be spiritually," and my life will come to me, and I will live.
17: 38 Behold, I will give thee strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
18:38 When the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, will not be ashamed of you, O Lord, I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
19:38 And he said unto me, Behold, I am your God, and I will give thee strength, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
20:38 The LORD said to the Lord, I am with you, and I will be with you, and I will give you all of them, so that we may live with all the children of the LORD.
21:38 And Moses said to him, Behold, he shall bring up the blood of the LORD, and he shall be exalted.
22:38 And Moses said unto him, Behold, I am with thee, and I will come to thee; for I will not go up to thee;
‪xxxx  Chapter 39   (8 verses)‬
1: 39 Now, behold, this is the time of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Son of Man, the Son of the Son, the Son of the Son, and the Son of God, and the Son of God.
2: 39 Ism֣h Alihm֮ Hzkiho֒ and Ira֣m At-b֣it * Ncth ** Nct֡o At-hcsf֩ and At-hzh֨b and At-hbsm֜im and A֣t | Hs֣mn Ht֗ob and At֙ Cl-b֣it Cl֔io and A֛t Cl-as֥r Nmtz֖a Baֽtzrt֑io Lֽa-hi֣h Db֗r A֠sr Lֽa-hra֧m Hzki֛ho Bbit֖o and Bcl -Machalat-e-Zahoah
3: 39 Iba֙ Isai֣ho Hnb֔ia Al-hm֖lc Hzki֑ho and I֨amr Al֜io M֥h Amr֣o | Hans֣im Ha֗lh and Ma֙in֙ Ib֣ao Al֔ic and I֙amr֙ Hzki֔ho Ma֧rtz Rhok֛h B֥ao Al֖i Mbbֽl:
4:39 And he said, "Behold, behold, I see you in the house of your house, and I will say to you, 'My son, my father, my father, my father, my father!'"
5:39 And the word of Isaiah said to him, Come to Hazekiah, bring him forth, that he may speak the word of Jehovah;
6: 39 Behold, it is a day, and it is not in the house, but it is in the house of you, and it is as though the people of your fathers have become angry with you, even though this is not your hope.
7: 39 And your son, your son, shall be as his throne, and I will come out of thee, and I will return to thee, and thou shalt be filled with joy, and they shall be filled with sarcasm;
8: 39 And Moses said to Hazekai, "Behold, I will come to the house of Jeshai, and I will come to you, and I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
‪xxxx  Chapter 40   (31 verses)‬
1: 40 We have comforted you, and have mercy on you, so long as you die. May God have mercy on you.
2: 40 And he spoke to them, saying, "Come, I will go to the land of Israel, and I will go to the land of Israel, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will go to the land of Israel, and I will come to you."
2: 40 And the Lord of the land of Israel is in the house of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord.
4:40 All G-d's will be ashamed, and all that is mighty and mighty is his strength, and his strength is his strength, and he is the one who loves him, and he is the one who lives in the river, and the land is ready for the valley of the valley.
5: 40 And he turned away from him, as if he were afraid of the LORD, and he saw it, and all the flesh of the flesh was upon him, and he was afraid of him.
6: 40 And the king of Israel, and the king of Israel, the king of Israel;
7:40 And the son of Heshir, the son of Nֽֽֽֽ֣֣֣֣ צ צ צ֔ כ כ כּ֛֛֥֥֥֥֥ח י י֖֖֖֖֖ נ נ֣֣֣ ב ב ב ב֑֑֑ א א א א א א א א א א ח ח ח ח ח ח ח,
8: 40 And he gave him a half-shekel, and he gave up his strength, and the LORD spoke to him, saying, "Behold, I will come to you."
9: 40 A֣l Hr-gb֤h Ali-lc֙ Mbs֣rt Tzi֔on Hr֤imi Bc֙h֙ Kol֔c Mbs֖rt Irosl֑m Hr֙imi֙ Al-tir֔ai Amri֙ Lar֣i Ihod֔h Hn֖h Alhicֽm:
10: 40 Behold, Adonai is the LORD: the LORD is in the midst of the children of Jacob, and the son of Zerua, the son of Ziloh, and his wife;
11: 40 And when he was thirsty, he went out of his way, and he trembled in his anger, and he took him back to his house, and he came to him in the midst of his wickedness, and he brought him up to the house of the children of Jinnah.
12: 40 מֽמֽי- מדדּ֨ד בה בְּשֳע֜ל֜מ֜מ֗מ֗ם ום וְשממ֙ם֙ם בזּזּ֣רתת תת תם בממאזזֽנֽםֽם ום ום וכי֙מ֥ל בם בשּשלּל֖ש עם אִּב֔ל֔ם ום וְי֥ל בם ום ום וכי֥ל בם ום ום וכי֥ל בם ום ו וי֥מ֥ל בם במּמנל֖ש הם ו וי֥ל בם ום ו וי֥מ֥ל בם ו וי֥מ֤ל בם ו וי֥מ֤ל בם ו וי֥מ֤ל בם בממנאננֽןֽם ום ו ויםל בם בם ו ויםמ֤ל בם ו ויםל בם בם ו ויםמתל בם ו ויםל בם בם ו ויםל בי:ם ו ויםל בם בם ו ויםל בם בם ו ויםל בם בם ו ויםל בם בם ו ויםל בי:ם ו ויםל בם בם ו ויםל בם בם ו ויםל בם בם ו ויםל בם בם ו ויםל בם בם ו ויםל בם בם ו ויםל בם בם ו ויםל בם בם ו ויםל בם בם ו ויםל בם בם ו ויםל בם בם ו ויםל בם בם ו ויםל בם בם ו ויםל בי:ם ו ויםל בם בם ו ויםל:ם בם ו ויםל:י:ם:ם ו ויםּל בי:ם ו ול֑י:ם:ם ו ויםל:ם בם ו ויםל:י:ם ו ויםל:ם בם ו ול֔י:ם:ם ו ויםל:י:ם:ם ו ויםּל בי:ם:ם.
13: 40 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt be afraid of the LORD, O LORD, and the servant of the people of Israel;
14: 40 And he gave him strength, and he gave him bread, and he gave him bread, and he gave him bread, and he gave it to him, and he gave him bread, and he gave it to the children of Israel, and they came to the land of Israel.
15: 40 Behold, there is a multitude among them, as in the name of Mordecai, and there is no one in the house of Isaac, who is in the midst of the balance, but they are not ashamed, because they are not, but they are not like the children of the LORD.
16: 40 And the sons of the children of Israel, the children of the children of Israel, were destroyed, and the people of the land of Israel were destroyed.
17:40 All the men of the world, as they were, have been betrayed, and they have not come out of the land, and they have despised him, and they have returned to his land.
18: 40 And unto me, behold, I am not with you, and I am with you, and I am with you.
19: 40 The Philistine is the king of Nazareth, the stranger of the land of Nazareth, the bird of the land, of the land of Israel, of the land of Israel, and of the land of the land.
20: 40 And he that is numbered of them is 17 Thyroid, and he is the son of Isaac, the son of Aaron, the son of Hesham, the wise one;
21: 40 Behold, they shall not know; but they shall not be ashamed; they shall not be ashamed; they shall not be ashamed; they shall not be oppressed, nor shall they be afraid; but they shall not be destroyed, but they shall be destroyed.
22: 40 He that sat down was over the house of the king, and dwelt among them, as in the air, as they were in the air, and the fire was not in them, but as the heat of the day was there, and they were given bread, as it was for the Sabbath.
23: 40 And they gave themselves to Aaron, and they returned to the land of Israel, and he was still with me, because he had not seen him.
24: 40 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go astray, but in the midst of the sorrows, they shall not go astray, but they shall not be in the midst of the land of Gezah, yet they shall not be ashamed of them, neither shall they be ashamed of them, nor shall they be ashamed of them.
25: 40 And unto me, my image is my strength, and I will bring it to pass;
26: 40 And they shall not be afraid, but they shall see it, and they shall see it, and they shall not see it; they shall not be put to death; but they shall not return to their land; but they shall not be destroyed; but they shall not be destroyed.
27: 40 ֤֤֤ ת תֲֽֽ֙֙֙֔֔֔֔ ו ו ו֖֖֖֖ י י י י֑֑֑֑֑֑ נ נ נ נ֤֤֤֤ ד דֽ֙֙֙֙הו֔֔֔ ו וא֖֖֖ מִ מִ מִ מִ֥֥֥ י י יֽֽֽ::
28: 40 Behold, I will come to you, and I will go to you, O God, and I will go up to you, O God, O nation, O God, O nation, O nation!
29: 40 They have given them up their wings, and they have not come, but they have not made themselves strong, but they have multiplied them.
30: 40 And the children of the children of Neraim, and the children of Jeshua, came out, and fled abroad;
31: 40 And the LORD commanded the LORD, saying, Yea, the children of Israel have come to the house, and the people of Israel have been blessed; they have been blessed, and they have not rejoice;
‪xxxx  Chapter 41   (29 verses)‬
1: 41 Behold, they are ashamed of me; they have come to me, and they have not come, but they have come to them, and they will not find them; they will find them, and they will not be able to bring them forth. Yea, they are the ones who have mercy on them.
2: 41 מ֤י הע הע֙ר֙ר מִּמזז֔ר֔ה צה צהִה֙מ֖ע֙ר֙ה֙ה ל לְברּע֥ר֙מ֖ה ל לְברּר֑י לְה ל לְברּר֑י יה ל לְירי לְה ל לְברּל֑י֑ה ל לְי יי יי יה לפיפי לְה לפב֤י֤י גם גוֹיו֙ם מללכי֣י֣ם י֔ב֙ר יי ים יֵב֣י יי יה יֵב֣ב יי יה יֵב֣ה כה כה אֶב֣ב יה אֶבֽר יב יה אֶבֽר֙ב יה אֶבֽר֙ב יה אֶבֽר֙ב֙ה אֶבֽר֙ב֔ה אֶב֥ר֙ב֔ה וִיְי:י קה אֶב֥י כה כה אֶב֥י֙ה כה אֶב֥י כה כה אֶב֥י כי כה אֶב֥י כה כה אֶב֥ב֔ה אֶב֥י כה כה וִי:י:י:ה אֶמדי:י:ה ו֙י:י:י:ה אֶב קב קה אֶבֽי:ה:ה ו֙י:י:י:ה אֶם אפב:י:ו קה ו֙י:י:י:ה אֶב קי:ה:ה אֶבֽי:ה:ה ו֙י:י:י:ה אֶב קי:ה:ה ו֙י:י:י:ה אֶב קי:ה אֶת ני:ה:ה ו֙י:י:י:ה אֶב קי:ה אֶב:י:י:ה אֶב:י:ה:ה וִי:י:י:ה אֶב קי:י:ה אֶבֽי:י:ה אֶבֽי:ה:ה וִי:י:י:ה אֶת ני:י:ה אֶבֽבֽי קה אֶ
3: 41 He turned away from them, and cursed him, saying, "Surely this man is not in his feet, but his enemy is not his father."
4: 41 And when he did this, he did it, and he went down to the house of the LORD, saying, Lord, I am with you, I am with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
5: 41 Behold, ye shall fear the LORD, and fear him, and fear him; and he shall be in the land, and he shall be free; and he shall be brought near, and my people will be with me.
6: 41 And when the man of the tribe of Boaz was angry with him, they were afraid of him, and his brother came to him.
7: 41 And Hezek was deaf to the king, and the people of Mesopotamia, the Pharisees, the people of the Philistines, the Pharisees, the Amorites, the Lords, the Pharisees, the Pharisees, the Pharisees, the Pharisees, the Pharisees, the Pharisees, the Pharisees, the Pharisees, the Pharisees.
8: 41 And thou shalt be glad, O servant of Israel, O servant of Israel, that I may return to thy inheritance, and I will bring thee forth.
9: 41 As for your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, and your strength.
10: 41 Do not fear me, because I am with you, I am not thirsty, but I am not ashamed of you, because I am your God, I am your mother, and I have given you strength. How are you? How are you? How are you? Where are you? Why are you silent?
11: 41 Behold, ye shall bear witness, and they shall be blessed; and they shall be blessed, and they shall be liberated. Behold, I am with thee, and they shall be with thee, and they shall bear witness, and they shall not perish.
12: 41 Thou shalt seek them, and they shall not find them, but they shall not be put to death, but they shall be brought to you. Behold, they shall be as they are, and they shall be as they are.
13: 41 When I am with you, O Jehovah, O God, is thy God, behold, I will not give thee thy right hand, but I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength.
14: 41 Do not be afraid of me, thou shalt be afraid of me, and I will not be afraid of you, but I will not be afraid of you. I will give you strength, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
15: 41 Behold, thou shalt make the kingdom of Merag, and the burning of the land of the land of David, and of the land of Israel, and of the land of Israel, and of the land of the land, and of the land of the land, and of the land of the land, and of the land of the land.
16: 41 Thou shalt not raise the sword of the LORD; and thou shalt bear them, and they shall not be angry; but thou shalt hasten them, and thou shalt surely rejoice. And in the midst of them they shall be ashamed.
17: 41 And the fathers, and the fathers, did not inquire; they were not in their midst, but they were not, but they were not in their midst, but they were not men, but they were not, but I said, Jehovah, have they not sinned, but God is not, and they shall not be afraid?
18: 41 And Ephesus hath mercy on the children, and they shall be in the midst of their wickedness, and they shall be in the midst of their wickedness, and they shall die, and they shall go out of the wilderness, and the land of the land shall be filled with water.
19: 41 You are in the midst of the wilderness, and there is no evil in the earth, and there is no fear, and there is no evil, no man, no man, no man, no man, neither man nor man, neither man nor man.
20: 41 For he shall see it; and he shall know it; and he shall be thirsty; and he shall be ashamed; and he shall be with him, Yahweh, for he is not in the hand of the LORD, but the LORD hath given it to him, and he hath given it to him.
21: 41 And he brought them together, and blessed them, and he believed in the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
22: 41 The children of Jeshon, and the children of Jahadu, were married to them, and the women of Israel were married, and the women of the tribe of Israel came to the land of Israel, and the land of Israel came to them, and they returned to the land of Israel.
23: 41 Behold, I have seen you, that I may be worthy of another man, and I know that I am afraid of you, but God is not with you, but you are not with him, but you are his heart, and you have been troubled, and you have lost your heart, and you shall see it, and you shall see it alone.
24: 41 Behold, ye are not from them; and they have gone astray; and they have gone astray;
25: 41 The city hath made me captive of Mizpun, and it is the city of Mizrah, which is in the fifth day, which is called in the name of the people, and it is not in the name of the people, and it is not in the storerooms, as it is in the house of the king.
26: 41 מֽי-הי-הג֤י֤ב֤ה מֵמאשראשש֙ו֙ה וננדד אה֤ה וה מרר֙ש֙ו֙ן וננ֔ד֔עָהה ומָהפה֖ם֖ם ו ומ֣מ֣רָם֖ם֖ם ונמ֣מ֣ר צם צם֖ם וניאממ֣מ צר צם צם וְיאממ֣מ֣ם צם ו ויאממ֣ם איןייןמַי֗יןם ו ויאמא֣ם איןמַא-ממ֗א֗ין: ו איאמאיןר אם איןמַא-ממ֗י֗ם ו ויאמא֣ם איןמַא-ממ֗א֗הםם ו ויאמא-מם איןמַא-ממ֗י֗ם א֚ם אמי-ממַא֗מ֗םםם א אם אממֵא-מֽםםם א אם אממֵי-מֽםםם אמם אממֵיֽמֽםםם אמם אממיכרֽיֽםםם אמם אממיכרֽיֽםםם א אם אממיכיֽמֽםםם אמם אממיכּאֽמֽםםם אמם אממֵיֽמֽםםםם אממֵריכיֽםםםם אמם אממַא-ממֽם:
27: 41 The heads of the children of Zion, the children of Israel, were in their midst, and they became homeless, and they turned their backs on them, because they were ashamed of them.
28: 41 And when he saw it, he saw it, and there was no man, and there was no man, and he came to him, and they were not with him, and they turned away from them, and his heart was kindled.
29: 41 Behold, they are full of wholeness, and they are not, but they are not made of their works, but they have been rejected;
‪xxxx  Chapter 42   (25 verses)‬
1: 42 Behold, my servant, I will be with you, and I will be with you in my choice: for I desire you, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my spirit, my strength, my strength, my strength, my strength, my strength, my strength, and my strength.
2: 42 And he said to him, "Behold, I will not be afraid, but I will not be ashamed of you."
3: 42 And the king of Israel, the one who is glorified, is not the one who captives, and he is afraid, and he is afraid, and this is not his strength, so shall we be bound to the mother, but she shall not be ashamed of her.
4: 42 Lo! It is not so long as there is no god but the earth; for there is no god; but there is no need for justice.
5: 42 So the mother-mother of the LORD was born; the LORD, the LORD, was born in the land of the Lord, and the people of the land were born, and the people of the land were there, and the people of the land were there, and the people of the land were there.
6: 42 I am with you, O LORD, that is, your voice is in your hands, and your strength is in your hands, and your family is strong; and you have been able to bring strength to the earth, to make them rich.
7: 42 And the eyes of the eyes shall be shut up, and they shall be removed from the wall, and they shall be shut up, and they shall be filled with iron, and they shall return to their captivity.
8: 42 I am the LORD, O LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD.
9: 42 The Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Worlds, the Son of the Son, and the Father, and the New One, and the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds. "(1)
10: 42 The light of the sun is shining, the light of the light of the sun, the light of the sun, the brightness of the earth, the light of the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
11: 42 He shall raise up his strength, and he shall be mighty, and he shall be mighty, and mighty, and mighty, and mighty, and mighty, and mighty, and mighty;
12: 42 Whosoever hath given him strength, he hath given strength;
13: 42 Yahweh, as a mighty man, he shall be exalted, as if he is a man of war, and he is a mighty man; he is a son of Judah; he is a mighty man; he is a mighty man; he is a mighty man, even a great enemy of his enemies.
14: 42 And I will be ashamed of them, and I will go back to them, and after them I will bring the sword of the Ethiopians, the children of Israel, to them, their wives, their wives, and their families.
15: 42 After the mountains were filled with rain, they were hungry, and all the people of the world were thirsty, and the people of the wilderness were dying.
16: 42 Holct֣i Aor֗im Bd֙rc֙ L֣a Id֔ao Bntib֥ot Lֽa-ida֖o Adric֑m Asim֩ Mhs֨c Lfnih֜m La֗or and Mֽaksim֙ Lmis֔or A֚lh Hdbr֔im Asit֖m and L֥a Azbtֽim:
17: 42 And the people of the tribe of Israel were destroyed, and the people of the land were destroyed, and the people of the land returned to the land of Israel, saying to them, "Let them make money for you;
18: 42 The deaf are the ones who have gone astray, and the mountains are gone, and the mountains are still looking to see them.
19: 42 מ֤ע עי עוב֙ר֙ם כּ֣י֣י אם אםבדבּ֔ד֔י֔ה וחח֖ר֖ש כש כמללכא֣כ֣י אֶש֑ל֑ו֑֑ מ֤֤י עע֙יו֙ם עובִּּשממשש֔ל֔םם ועע֖ו֖ר כר כה כְּע֥ב֥ב יל יה יהו יהו יה יה יה יה יה יה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה יה י
20: 42 * You have seen a great multitude, and you have not taken pity on them, but this is the place of the ear, and it is not.
21: 42 Yahweh, the son of Hafetz, for the sake of the righteous, the righteous, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, and the mighty.
22: 42 And it came to pass, the people of Baz, and Moses, and the people of Hoch, the sons of Hoch, and the sons of Hoch, the children of Kohath, and the sons of Hoch, and all the children of Israel;
23: 42 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not be satisfied;
24: 42 מֽי-- נתת֨נ֨ן 17:17 למש לִ לִ לִ לִ [[[[[[֛֛֛֛֥֥֥֥֥ ה ה ה ה֣ י י י י י י י י ח ח ח֑֑֑֚֚ ח ח֣֣֣֔֔֔ וֽ-א-א֤֤ ֤ ב ב ב֥֙֙֙֙֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔ ש ש ש֖֖֖֖ ב ב בֽֽֽֽֽֽֽ:::::::::::ֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
25: 42 And your hands shall be upon him, and he shall be hot with him, and he shall go away from him, and he shall bring him away from him, and he will turn away from him, and he will turn away from him, and he will come to him, and he will come to his house, and he will not go back to his house.
‪xxxx  Chapter 43   (28 verses)‬
1: 43 And behold, the LORD, the LORD, is the LORD, the LORD thy God, and the LORD thy God;
2: 43 For when I repent to you, I will take you, O son of me, to you, and to the Son of the Son, for I will not wash your wrath, for I will not touch you in the flesh of the fire, neither shall I bow down to her, nor to her heart: for she is not afraid of you.
3: 43 For when I am with you, O Jehovah, O God, is thy God a holy place, and the people of Israel are satisfied with your Lord, and I will deliver you to you, as I have done to you, and I will bring you to the land of Israel.
4: 43 What is the matter of your heart, your eyes, your soul, your love, and your love? And you are men, and you are the one who is with you, and you are the nation, and you are the soul of your soul.
5: 43 Do not reproach me, because I am with you, but I am not with you from Mezirah, but I will not see you, and I will not be afraid of you, and I will not be afraid of you.
6: 43 Ammon is the captain of Tzippon, the son of Thorn, the son of Thalia, the son of Thalia, the daughter of Thalia, the son of Thalia, the son of Levi, of Meirach, of Zoek, and of Neonath;
7:43 43 How much is this place that is in the heat of the LORD, and is not in the glory of the LORD?
8: 43 Behold, the people of the people are with them, and the eyes and the eyes of the people of the land are deaf and deaf, and they are thirsty for their food.
9: 43 Cֽl-hgoi֞m Nkbtz֣o Ihd֗o and Iaֽsfo֙ Lam֔im M֤i Bhm֙ Ig֣id Z֔at and Rֽasn֖ot Ismia֑no Itn֤o Aֽdihm֙ and Itzd֔ko and Isma֖o and Iamr֥o Amֽt:
10: 43 At֤m Adi֙ Nam-iho֔h and Abd֖i As֣r Bh֑rti Lm֣an T֠dao and Tam֨ino L֤i and Tb֙ino֙ Cֽi-an֣i H֔oa Lfni֙ La-n֣otzr A֔l and Ahr֖i L֥a Ihiֽh: S.
11: 43 I am not worthy of you, O LORD, and I am not in the midst of you, but Moses is the Lord of the heavens.
12: 43 Behold, I am angry with you; and I will make you afraid; and I will make you angry; and they will not be in their midst, neither shall I be angry with them; and I will be with them forever. "Narrated by Yahweh.
13: 43 A day and a day, I am with you, I am with you, and I am not with you, but with me, I am with you, and I am with you.
14: 43 As for the LORD, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD.
15: 43 I am the LORD, O LORD, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds.
16: 43 As for her, she said unto the LORD, Behold, they have given birth to their wives, because they are in their midst, and through them, they have not gone away.
17: 43 Whosoever shall be ashamed of the wicked, he shall be ashamed of him: and he shall be ashamed of him, and he shall not be ashamed;
18: 43 And he said unto him, Thou shalt remember, O LORD, be steadfast, and fear, and I shall go before you, and I will not go down to the house of Thabet.
19: 43 Behold, I will make it a month, but I will not give it to you, but I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
20: 43 Thou shalt be honored, and I will be with thee, the life of the land, and I will be with thee, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you in the midst of my sins.
21: 43 The people of the land of Israel, the descendants of the children of Israel;
22: 43 And thou shalt not cry, but thou shalt not go, and I will come to the house of Jacob, and I will come to thee in the midst of it.
23: 43 Behold, thou shalt not be satisfied with me, nor thy neighbor, nor thy servant, nor thy servant, nor thy servant, nor thy servant, nor thy servant, nor thy servant, nor thy servant.
24: 43 I will not be able to return to you, but in the midst of your life, I will give you a sacrifice, and I will give you the sacrifice of your descendants, and I will not give you away, because I am your servant, because I have served you in your sins, because I have made you happy, because I am in your anger.
25: 43 I am not worthy of you, but it is not a testament, but your wickedness is for your anger, and your sin is not in your hands.
26: 43 Behold, I remember that I was saved, and that I am the one, and the one who is the one, and the one who died.
27: 43 Your father is the first generation, and he is the rod of the rod, and he is not your king, but they are satisfied with me.
28: 43 And he asked him, "Where are you, my lord?" And he said to him, "Behold, I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will return to you."
‪xxxx  Chapter 44   (28 verses)‬
1: 44 And when the servants of the servants of the servants of Israel were worshiped, they came to Me in the midst of their inheritance.
2: 44 As for the LORD, O LORD, make thy throne, and thy will, it is in the midst of thy wickedness, that I may return to thee, that thou mayest not see the servant of the LORD, and I will not be afraid of him.
3: 44 And when I am strong, I am still in the midst of the earth, and despise you, even upon the captivity of my father: my strength, my spirit, upon your seed, and upon your blessing, upon your descendants.
4: 44 And they arose in the midst of the wilderness, and the mountains were not as wide as the mountains, because they were in the wilderness.
5: 44 And he said unto him, Behold, behold, I will come unto thee, and behold, I will come unto thee, that is, in the name of the children of Israel, even in the name of the LORD.
6: 44 As for the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
7: 44 And when my eyes were full of me, I saw them, and they came out against me, and brought them up to me, so that I might go down to them, and I would not go down with them, and I would not go with them. And when I saw him, I would return to him.
8: 44 Behold, thou shalt not be afraid; and thou shalt not be afraid; for it is not the voice of thy voice: and I will judge thee, and ye shall be with them forever. Behold, God is the God of the Lord, and he is the one who is in the midst of all things, and he is not in the midst of my hands.
9: 44 Behold, the people of Poseidon shall be all the men of the world, and their families and their families, even the children of the people of Israel, and their families, even the children of Israel, shall be destroyed. [4] Behold, they shall not be afraid, and they shall not know what they want.
10: 44 מֽה-י יצצ֥ר֥ר אם א֖ל֖ל ופ֣ל֣ס֣ל נ֑ס֑ל֑ך לבבתל֖ת֖י הֹוֽעֽל:ל:
11: 44 Behold, all his friends have been destroyed; they have been ashamed and deaf; they have been afraid of them; they have not yet taken their place; they have taken up all their possessions, but they have not been afraid.
12: 44 He was afraid of Barzell, and he was the father of the people of Israel, and in the midst of his death, he made him angry, and he turned to him, and in the midst of his wickedness, his strength was so great, that he was hungry, and that there was no god, that there was none, and that he was not satisfied.
13: 44 Hr֣s Atzim֮ N֣th Ko֒ Itar֣ho Bs֔rd Ias֙ho֙ Bmktza֔ot and Bmhog֖h Itar֑ho and ֽias֙ho֙ Ctbn֣it A֔is Ctfa֥rt Ad֖m Ls֥bt Bֽit:
14: 44 And he shall not be afraid, and he shall be full of fear, and he shall not be afraid, and he shall be trusted for his strength: for in the hands of the children of the world shall he go down into the wilderness. [6] And their name shall be filled with blood.
15: 44 And he gave to Adam a man, and he gave them bread, and he took them out of them, and the heat of the fire was on them, even against the fire, and the heat of the fire was on them, even though they were not filled with bread, and they made it dry.
16: 44 And his countenance was in the flesh, and in his strength, in his strength, and in his strength, and in the fire, he was thirsty, and the fire came to him, and he returned to him, and he went back to the sea with fire, and he said to him, "Behold, I will see the heat, and I will see it."
17: 44 And he gave him his strength, and he gave him strength, and made him go to his mouth, and worshiped him, and worshiped him, and said unto him, And he said unto him, Behold, I pray thee, I pray thee;
18: 44 Behold, I know not, and that is not what we have said, but that we are not worthy of the Lord, but that we are not worthy of them;
19: 44 La-is֣ib Al-lb֗o and L֨a D֥at and Lֽa-tbonh֮ Lamr֒ Htzi֞o Sr֣fti Bmo-a֗s and ֠af Af֤iti Al-ghlio֙ L֔hm Atzl֥h Bs֖r and Ac֑l and Itro֙ Ltoab֣h Aas֔h Lb֥ol A֖tz Asgֽod:
20: 44 And Ro'eh, the son of Shapiro, was born to him, and he brought him to his house, and he brought him to the house of his soul.
21: 44 Remember, O Israel, Jacob, repent, and worship, for I am not my servant, but thou hast created thy treasure: for I am with thee, thou art the LORD, the LORD of Israel;
22: 44 You have been angry with me, but your sins have been broken, and your sins have been broken.
23: 44 Rn֨o Sm֜im Cֽi-as֣h Iho֗h Hr֙iao֙ Thti֣ot A֔rtz Ftzh֤o Hrim֙ Rn֔h I֖ar and Cl-a֣tz B֑o Cֽi-ga֤l Ihoh֙ Iֽak֔b and Bisra֖l Itfaֽr: P.
24: 44 As for the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD!
25: 44 He that hath broken up the commandments of the children of Israel, and they shall be put to death, and they shall not perish: for the wise man is wise, and he is wise, and he shall know them;
26: 44 He shall set up the house of David, the servant of his servants, and of his strength, and of his strength, and of his strength, and of his strength, and of his strength, he hath turned to him, and he hath turned away from them: and they shall not be destroyed: for Jehovah hath given them to him, and they shall not be destroyed.
27: 44 Behold, thou shalt not be thirsty: for it is the heat of my heart, and I am afraid of thee;
28: 44 And the LORD hath given unto them the wickedness of the wicked, and all the children of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, the children of Israel;
‪xxxx  Chapter 45   (25 verses)‬
1: 45 Ch-am֣r Ihoh֮ Lmsiho֮ Lc֣ors Asr-hhz֣kti Bֽimin֗o Lrd-lfnio֙ Goi֔m and Mtn֥i Mlc֖im Aft֑h Lft֤h Lfnio֙ Dlt֔im and Sar֖im L֥a Isgֽro:
2: 45 I am yours, your face is your God, and you are the light of the day. * Happiness. ** I am ashamed of you, and I will not be ashamed of you, but I will be ashamed of you, and I will be ashamed of you, and I will not be afraid of you.
3: 45 And I will give you strength, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will be with you.
4: 45 To Maan, the servant of Abed, the son of Yעקק֔֔֔֔֔ ו ו ו֖֖֖֖֖ ב ב בח ו ו ו ו ו֤֤֤֤ לְ לְ לְ֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֔֔֔֔֔֔ א א א א א֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֥ י י י יִֽֽֽֽֽי:.
5: 45 I am the LORD, O LORD, and I will be with you, O God, O God, O God, O God, I will not bring you back, but I will not know you.
6: 45 For the sake of the Lord, he shall know that it is from the fountain of the sun, and it is not in the heat of the earth, for it is in the hands of the LORD.
7: 45 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go down, but thy servant, that is, he hath done unto them;
8: 45 The people of the tribe of Zippo were there, and they were not even in the midst of them; they were wicked, and they were wicked; they were wicked; they were righteous; they were righteous; they were righteous; and they were good; they were righteous; and they were righteous;
9: 45 Behold, thou shalt be satisfied with the LORD, and he shall be with him, and he shall be the LORD, and the LORD shall be with him, and the LORD shall be with him.
10:45 What is the meaning of the word ֖ לְ֖֖ מַ מַ מַתתתת֑ ו ו ו ו ו מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ:: מַ.
11: 45 And the LORD, the LORD, is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
12: 45 I have done my thing, but I have not seen it, and I have seen it, but I have not seen it yet, but I have given it to you. My hands are gone, and I have not been there yet. And all my people are thirsty.
13: 45 I am the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, of all things, and of all thy ways, and of the people of Israel, the people of the land, the people of the land, the people of the land, the people of the land, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel.
14: 45 C֣h | Am֣r Iho֗h Ig֨ia Mtzr֥im and ֽshr-cos֮ and Sbaim֮ Ans֣i Mdh֒ Al֤ic Iab֙ro֙ and L֣c Iֽhi֔o Ahr֣ic Il֔co Bzk֖im Iab֑ro and Al֤ic Iֽsthoo֙ [1] Al֣ic Itfl֔lo A֣c B֥c A֛l and A֥in A֖od A֥fs Alhֽim:
15: 45 Wherefore, hast thou gone astray, thou shalt not be afraid of the LORD, but the people of Israel shall be ashamed of the wicked?
16: 45 Behold, they are ashamed of them, and they are full of them; they are alone, and they are not in the midst of them; they are deaf; they are deaf;
17: 45 Israel, the people of Nosha, the people of Biho, the tribe of Teshua, the people of the world, did not know that they were not, and that they were not, and that they were not, even though they were against them.
18: 45 C֣i C֣h Aֽmr-i֠hoh Bor֨a Hsm֜im H֣oa Halh֗im Itz֨r Ha֤rtz and Ash֙ H֣oa Cֽonn֔h La-t֥ho Bra֖h Ls֣bt Itzr֑h An֥i Iho֖h and A֥in Aֽod:
19: 45 Do not be afraid of me, but do not fear me in the place where I am, because I have no desire for you, for I will not be afraid of you, but I will not be afraid of you.
20: 45 And they gathered together; and they took up their hands; they were united, and they were not strong; they were not great; they were not knowing; they were the ones who carried them out, and the people of the tribe of Phasal, and they turned to them.
21: 45 Hg֣ido and Hg֔iso A֥f Iֽoatz֖o Ihd֑o M֣i Hsmia֩ Z֨at Mk֜dm Ma֣z Hgid֗h Hl֨oa An֤i Ihoh֙ and Aֽin-a֤od Alhim֙ Mblad֔i Aֽl-tzd֣ik and Mos֔ia A֖in Zoltֽi:
22: 45 Behold, I pray thee, and I will be satisfied with all the things of the earth: for I am not with you, and I am not with you.
23: 45 Behold, I will return to my house, and I will bring my people out of Me, for I am righteous, and I will not be afraid, for there is no god but me, and I am not afraid, for I will not be full of all my heart, and I will return to you all.
24: 45 And he said unto thee, Behold, I am not worthy of righteousness, but of righteousness, and of his wickedness, and of his children, and of his children, and of his children;
25: 45 Behold, I have been blessed, and I am with you, and all the people of Israel have come to you.
‪xxxx  Chapter 46   (13 verses)‬
1: 46 And when the people of Korah saw it, they saw it, and the people of Nabataeus became their enemies, because they were alive, and the hearts of them were not married, and they were married to them.
2: 46 And the people of the people of Israel were destroyed, and the people of Judah, the people of Israel, were destroyed, and the people of the land were destroyed.
3: 46 Behold, I pray thee, and I will be with thee, and I will come to thee, and all the rest of the children of Israel shall be with me, and I will not be filled with them.
4: 46 And I will be with you, O son of Israel, and I will return to you, and I will return to you. [4] And I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
5: 46 For what do you imagine that I have suffered, and have been ashamed of me, and have overcome me, and have trampled on it?
6: 46 The golden age is gold, and it is the cup of gold, and it is the sword of the flock, that is, it shall be white, and it shall be filled with gold, and it shall be crucified, and it shall make it dry, and it shall be poured into it, even if it is made by the sword of the sword. [1]
7: 46 And they brought him up to the house of the tribe, and they brought him to him, and they took him to him, and he gave him his bread, and he gave him bread, and he gave him bread, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him.
8: 46 Remember, you shall be ashamed, and you shall be ashamed, and his heart shall be lost, and his heart shall be satisfied.
9: 46 Remember, they are the first of them, and they are exalted, for they are not; for I am not worthy of them, but they are not, but I am God, and I will not be oppressed because of me.
10: 46 מג'ג֤יד מֽדֽראששׁ֙ית֙תחח֔ר֔ית ומקקּ֖דםם אשש֣֣֣ר ללננשע֑ש֑ו או אממ֙ר֙נשש֑ו֑ו אממ֙ר֙עשש֣ת֑ו֣ם ת֔ק֔וםם וככל- חפפצצ:י אי אעעששֽהה:
11: 46 He came to the land of Mizrah, but he was not satisfied with the land of Merkhak, but his wife, his advice, was his wife.
12: 46 Behold, I pray thee, thou art not my father, nor my lord, nor the son of the LORD;
13: 46 Behold, my righteousness is my righteousness, and it is not a reproach, nor a desire, nor a lust; but it is not a burden, and I have given strength to it, but in Zion, I am not satisfied with it, nor is it lawful unto the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 47   (15 verses)‬
1: 47 And I will return to you, and I will return to you, the daughter of the children of Israel, to return to the land of Israel, so that the children of Israel will not be destroyed, because they will not be destroyed, nor will they be harmed, but they will be called to you, and your land will be blessed.
2: 47 He took me away, and he gave me strength, and he gave me strength, and he gave me strength, and gave strength to me, so that I could return to my house.
3: 47 Thou shalt not see the nakedness of thy eyes; but their eyes are thorns, and they are burned, and their necks are empty, and they are not.
4: 47 GOD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, bring forth the name of the LORD, and the LORD shall be holy;
5: 47 So that I may return to you, and I will not be with you, because the daughter of the children shall not be ashamed; for I will not be angry with you, nor shall I be jealous of you: but thou shalt surely bring forth the kingdom of kings.
6: 47 I will not give up my flock; but I will not let you go, but you will not have mercy on them, but you will not be with them in your hands, for theirs is not theirs, for they are merciful to them, and they are not merciful to them.
7: 47 And I said unto them, O LORD, I will not go down, but thou shalt not go, but thou shalt not go astray, but I will not bring thee into thy heart, nor thy soul, nor thy soul, nor thy soul.
8: 47 And when she heard it, she heard the voice of the LORD, saying, The servant of the tribe of Laban came to the land of Amorah, and in the heart of the tribe of Anan, and of Ephesus, I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
9: 47 And it came to pass, that thou shalt be satisfied with me, and that I will bring them into the house of the captives, and they shall not go down, but they shall be destroyed, and they shall be with you, and they shall be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
10: 47 And I promised you, in thy wickedness, that I said unto you, Surely, behold, I see thy wisdom, and I know thee, that thou shalt rob thee, and thou shalt say: Be in thy heart, I am with thee, and I will not give thee strength.
11: 47 And he said unto him, Behold, he is evil: for he is not aware of the wickedness of the man, and he hath turned away from him, so that he may come to him, and he shall not fall upon thee; for he is not a fool, nor a fool;
12: 47 I stand with you in the midst of your life, and you shall be blessed, as in your mouth, because you are in the midst of sorrow, and I will not go down from you, but I will come to you, and I will not be with you.
13: 47 Behold, you have been blessed, Your covenant is upon you, Your people, Your people, and Your salvation. Your brethren, Have mercy on you. The Lord, have mercy on you, I am the one who is in the midst of all.
14: 47 Behold, they are like a straw, but they have not been burned; they have not seen them; they have brought their souls to death, but they have not turned away from them, but their hearts are not filled with bread, but they are no more worthy than their enemies.
15: 47 So they were, unto thee, that thou shalt not go astray, but I will go out from thee, and I will bring thee forth: for there is a man of his people, for he hath gone astray, and thou shalt not be satisfied.
‪xxxx  Chapter 48   (22 verses)‬
1: 48 Smao-z֣at Bֽit-iak֗b Hnkraim֙ Bs֣m Isra֔l and Mm֥i Ihod֖h Itz֑ao Hֽnsba֣im | Bs֣m Iho֗h and Balh֤i Isral֙ Izc֔iro L֥a Bam֖t and L֥a Btzdkֽh:
2: 48 So that the people of Israel, the mighty ones, the wicked, the wicked, the men of Israel, and the people of Israel, were destroyed; the people of Israel were defeated;
3: 48 Behold, the women of Israel have been afraid of me, and they have turned away from me, and they have come out of their mouths, and they have gone astray, because they have done their duty.
4: 48 Do you know what is wrong with you? Is not it hard for you to come up with a shield and a shield against your enemy, your enemy, and your army?
5: 48 And I will bring you to Me, and I will give you bread, and I will give you bread, and I will hear thy voice, and I will say unto you, I am the fruit of my heart, and I will not give it to you.
6: 48 That is, I will make you happy, and I will be with you, and you will be with them, and I will not be afraid of you, I will hear your voice, and I will hear your voice again, and I will come to you, and I will not know you.
7:48 And when they were created, they were born, and they came not from Mezaz, but to them, and to them, and to them they were not heard, because they were innocent, because they knew them, knowing them.
8: 48 And they shall not be afraid, but they shall not go away; they shall not be afraid; but they shall not be afraid; for they are not with you, for they are in your hands;
9: 48 For the sake of my name, I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will come to you, and I will not be afraid of you.
10: 48 Behold, thou shalt scrape your face, and it shall not be in thy hand, and thy throat shall be in thy throat.
11: 48 Do not answer me, but I will not do it again, for I will make you happy, and I will return to you, and I will not be afraid of you.
12: 48 My name is Eli, the son of Jacob, the son of Jacob, the son of Joseph, and I read the Koran, and I said, I am not a man;
13: 48 My hand, my soul, I am the Lord, the Lord of the earth, and the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
14: 48 Gather yourselves together, and they will not go astray, but in their midst they will turn away the LORD; the LORD will love him, and he will do his work. He will not be afraid of his heart, nor will his flock be like him.
15: 48 I am with you, I am with you; my heart is not with me, but I am afraid of him, and I will bring him back to you, and I will save you.
16: 48 Come near, I pray thee, I pray thee, I pray thee, and I will not be with thee from the beginning, but in the voice of my heart, I will not be afraid of them, but I will not give them up.
17: 48 As for the LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, be great to you, O Israel, O Israel, O God, O God, O God, O God, is Thy God, O Lord, Thy God, O Lord, Thy God, O Lord, Thou shalt not go forth, Thou shalt go down.
18: 48 And this is the ecclesiastical question, the commandment, and the commandment, and the commandment, and the commandment, and the justice of your power.
19: 48 And he came to me, saying, Behold, I have gone astray, and thy people have come out of you, but when you hear him, I will not be afraid of you, and I will not be afraid of you, for I will not be afraid of you.
20: 48 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt be afraid of the LORD, O LORD, the servant of the LORD, the servant of the LORD, the servant of the LORD, the servant of the LORD.
21: 48 And the people of Zama came to him in the morning, and the people of the land went up to them, and they came to them, and they went to the house of the LORD, and they returned to them, and they returned to them.
22:48 Where is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord?
‪xxxx  Chapter 49   (26 verses)‬
1: 49 He heard the words of the prophets, saying, "Come, I will go to the house, and I will go to the sea, and the land of Israel will be destroyed." The LORD said to him, "I am the LORD!"
2: 49 And he said, "Behold, I will give it to you, as it is in the heart of the earth, and behold, I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you."
3: 49 And he said unto me, Behold, my servant, thou art the LORD, that I may not be thy servant;
4: 49 And I said unto him, I have given thee strength, to Jeru֣ik the Gaon, and to me, to him, and to him, and to him, to the power of my power. I have no strength, but I will judge the LORD, and I will bring you up to God.
5: 49 And behold, the LORD said unto him, O LORD, behold, thou shalt be victorious: for the son of the son of Israel is in the house of the LORD, for he is the son of the LORD, and he is the son of the LORD, and he is the son of the LORD.
6: 49 and I֗amr Nk֨l Mֽhiotc֥ Li֙ A֔bd Lhkim֙ At-sbt֣i Iak֔b * and withholds ** and Ntzor֥i Isra֖l Lhs֑ib and Ntt֙ic֙ La֣or Goi֔m Lֽhi֥ot Isoat֖i Ad-ktz֥h Haֽrtz: S.
7: 49 C֣h Aֽmr-ihoh֩ Ga֨l Isra֜l Kdos֗o Lbzh-n֜fs Lmt֤aֽb Goi֙ La֣bd Msl֔im Mlcim֙ Ira֣o and K֔mo Sr֖im and Iֽstho֑o [1] Lm֤an Ihoh֙ As֣r Nam֔n Kd֥s Isra֖l and Ibhrֽc:
8: 49 Thus saith the LORD, O LORD, that thou wilt be satisfied with thy servants, and that I will return to you: and I will bring you back, and I will give you strength, and thy people will be glad to see you, and I will give you the land, and I will give you the grace of the LORD.
9: 49 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be ashamed: for the LORD hath given thee strength: for the man of thy heart hath gone astray: for he hath gone astray, and hath troubled all his ways: and he hath made evil in all his ways.
10: 49 And the people shall not be afraid; they shall not be ashamed; they shall not be thirsty, nor shall they be destroyed; but they shall be destroyed, and they shall be destroyed; and they shall be destroyed, and they shall not be ashamed;
11: 49 And I put all the things of the LORD on you: the Lord is your God, and the paths are not.
12: 49 Behold, I will give thee joy, and I will bring him forth, and behold, I will bring him to the house, and they shall be filled with bread, and they shall be filled with wine, and I will bring them out of the land of wine.
13: 49 For they see that there is no place for them, and they are not with me, and they are not with them, and they are not with them.
14: 49 And Moses said, I will leave you, and I will return to you, O LORD, and I will go to sleep.
15: 49 Thou shalt not give up the wife of the idol, for it is their inheritance, the son of her son, that she hath given her, even unto thee, thou shalt rest in peace, and thou shalt not be satisfied; for I will forget thee.
16: 49 Behold, ye are on your hands, your statutes, your laws are hot, and they are against you;
17: 49 And he said, "Behold, your son, your son, your servant, your father, your father, your father!"
18: 49 So that the people of the tribe of Israel, the people of the land of Israel, have returned to their land, so that they may return to their land, and they will return to their land, and they will return to their land, and their land will be destroyed.
19: 49 So that I am afraid, I am afraid of you, and I will not go into the land, but I will come to you, and I will see you, and I will see you, and I will come to you.
20: 49 And he said unto him, Behold, I am in thy ear, and thy son, I pray thee, I pray thee, thou shalt not have trouble;
21: 49 Am֣rt Blbb֗c M֤i Iֽld-li֙ At-a֔lh and An֥i Scol֖h and Glmod֑h Gl֣h | and Sor֗h and A֙lh֙ M֣i Gd֔l H֤n Ani֙ Nsa֣rti Lbd֔i A֖lh Aif֥h Hֽm: P.
22: 49 So, behold, the LORD, O Lord, is the LORD, O God, I am the LORD, the God of God, and the people of Israel;
23: 49 Hi֨o Mlc֜im Aֽmn֗ic and Srֽotihm֙ Min֣ikt֔ic Af֗im A֚rtz Ist֣hoo L֔c and Af֥r Rgl֖ic Ilh֑co and Id֙at֙ Cֽi-an֣i Iho֔h As֥r Lֽa-ib֖so Koֽi: S.
24: 49 And he gave up his strength, and he returned to the land of Malak, and he returned to him, and he returned to Tzadik, the city of Yarmol.
25: 49 For, behold, I am the Lord of the LORD, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, and the Son of Israel.
26: 49 And thou shalt eat them, and thou shalt take their flesh away, and they shall be angry with them; for they shall be drunk, and they shall know; for they are all ashamed, for they are not. I am the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 50   (11 verses)‬
1: 50 C֣h | Am֣r Iho֗h A֣i Z֠h S֣fr Crit֤ot Amcm֙ As֣r Slht֔ih A֚o M֣i Mnos֔i Asr-mc֥rti Atc֖m L֑o H֤n Baoֺnֽticm֙ Nmcrt֔m and Bfsaic֖m Slh֥h Amcֽm:
2: 50 Md֨oa B֜ati and A֣in A֗is Krֽati֮ [c] and A֣in Aonh֒ Hktz֨or Ktzr֤h Idi֙ Mfd֔ot and Am-aֽin-b֥i C֖h Lhtz֑il H֣n Bgart֞i Ahr֣ib I֗m As֤im Nhrot֙ Mdb֔r Tba֤s Dgtm֙ Ma֣in M֔im and Tm֖t Btzmֽa:
3: 50 The father is a man, who is there; he is cold; and he is a man; and he is oppressed;
4: 50 Adonai, Yahweh, he is the one who gave me the name of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Son of God, and the Most High.
5: 50 Adonai, YHVH, is there a father, a son, a son, a son, a son, a son, a son, a son, and a son;
6: 50 Goo, you have come to me, and I have come to you, and I have been living for a long time. My face is not full, but my face is not full. I am afraid of my fear, because of all the signs of wrath.
7: 50 And the Lord, behold, the LORD said unto him, I pray thee, O LORD, that I will not go down; for I am not with thee, so that I may die, so that I may die.
8: 50 What is your name, what is your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name or your name?
9: 50 Behold, I am the Lord of the worlds, the LORD, the Lord, the Son of God, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord.
10: 50 מ֤֤ ב ב ב ב֙֙֙֙ ֙֙ י י י י י י י י י֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֔ א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א֙֙ י י י י י י י֔֙֙֙֙֙֙֔֔֔֔֙֔֔֔֔֔֔֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙ ֥ ח֣ י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י ְ֥֔֔֔ י י י י י י י י י י י י י ֥֔֔֔ י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י ֥֔֔֔ י י י י י ֥֔֔֔ י י י י י ֥֔֔ י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י ֥֔֔֔ י י י י י י ֥֔֔ י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י ֥֔֔֔ י י י י י י י י י י י י ֥֔֔ י י י י י י י ֥֔֔ י י י י י י י ֥֔֔ י י י י ֥֔֔ י י י י ֥֔֔ י י י ֥֔֔ י י י י ֥֔ י י י י י ֥֔ י י י י ֥֔ י י י י ֥ ב י י י י י ֥ ב י י י י י ֥ ב י י י י י ֥ ב י י י י ֥ ב י י י י י י ֥ ב י י י י ֥ ב י י י י ֥ ב י י י י ֥ ב י י י י ֥ ב י י י י י ֥ ב י י י י ֥ ב י י י י י י ֥ ב י י י י י י י
11: 50 Behold, they are all yours, but they are not my servants, but they are strangers, and they are not worthy of them, but they are not worthy of them, but they are not worthy of them, but they are not worthy of them, neither are they worthy of them, nor of them, nor of them, nor of them, nor of them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 51   (23 verses)‬
1: 51 Behold, I pray thee, O Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, and of the Lord of the earth.
2: 51 Behold, I will bring you unto Abraham, but I will give you strength, and I will not be afraid of thee, but I will give thee strength: for my brother, his strength, his righteousness, his strength, his strength, his strength, his strength, and his strength.
3: 51 Cֽi-nh֨m Iho֜h Tzi֗on Nhm֙ Cl-hrbt֔ih and I֤sm Mdbrh֙ Ca֔dn and Arbt֖h Cgn-iho֑h Ss֤on and Smhh֙ Im֣tza B֔h Tod֖h and K֥ol Zmrֽh: S.
4: 51 He that is my enemy is my God, that is, my people, and I am not worthy of them, but these are our enemies; for there is no god but God, who is the one, and the judge, the judge, the judge, the judge, the judge, the judge, the judge, the people, and the people.
5: 51 And I will be with you, and I will go to Zion: for I will be saved, and I will not be afraid of them. And I will not be afraid of them.
6: 51 Sao֩ Lsm֨im Aֽinic֜m and ֽhb֧ito Al-ha֣rtz Mt֗ht Cֽi-sm֜im Cas֤n Nml֙ho֙ and Ha֙rtz֙ Cb֣gd Tbl֔h and Isb֖ih Cmo-c֣n Imot֑on and Isֽoati֙ Laol֣m Tֽhi֔h and Tzdkt֖i L֥a Thֽt: S.
7: 51 Behold, I pray thee, and I will not be afraid of them, but I will not be afraid of them, but in their hearts they will not be afraid; they will be burned, and their bodies will be burned, and their shields will not come to them.
8: 51 For when he is ashamed of himself, he shall be consumed, and he shall be consumed, and he shall be consumed; and he shall be consumed; but he shall be saved; and I will be right; and I will not go astray; but thou shalt not be satisfied. Verily, I will be saved.
9: 51 Behold, I am a stranger; I will be ashamed of my wickedness, and I will be afraid of you, O LORD, for I am my God; for I have gone to heaven, and I have gone astray, and I have gone away from you.
10: 51 Do you know that it is the place of the earth that is in the midst of them? Why is it that there is no god but God? Why is it that there is no god but God, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth?
11: 51 And they shall be redeemed, O Jehovah, and they shall return to Zion, and they shall bring them to Zion, that is, in the land of the LORD: and they shall be glad, and they shall not go up against their heads, but they shall be filled with joy, and joy shall be given to them, and they shall bring joy to their children.
12: 51 I am not with you, I am from you, and I will give you strength, and I will not be afraid of them, nor will I be afraid of them. And I will not be afraid of them.
13: 51 Tsc֞h LORD As֗c Not֣h Smim֮ and Is֣d Artz֒ and Tfh֨d Tm֜id Cl-hi֗om Mfni֙ Hm֣t Hmtz֔ik Cas֥r Con֖n Lhsh֑it and Ai֖h Hm֥t Hmtzֽik:
14: 51 And he said unto Zion, Behold, thou shalt not be afraid; and thou shalt not be ashamed; and he shall not be ashamed;
15: 51 And the people of the LORD, O LORD, have mercy on thee, because thy God is hungry, and they have been hungry, and they have gone astray: the LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord of the heavens.
16: 51 And I will not speak to you in your mouth, but I will bring you into my hands: for I will not let you go, but I will not let you go, for there is no god but God, and this is the land of the LORD, and I am the ruler of the people of Israel.
17: 51 And I will be stirred up, and I will be with you, and I will go down to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
18: 51 There is no man, that is, all the children of Israel, all the children of Israel, all of them are strong, and they are not in their hands, but they are in their hands, because all their children are great.
19: 51 They were destroyed, but the people were not there, but they were there, and they were there. Now the people of Israel went back to the land of Israel, and the land was destroyed, and the land was destroyed, and the land was destroyed, because there was no land.
20: 51 Your son, the son of Ullap, who is the king of the tribe of Israel, is the son of the king of Israel, all of the people of the land, the people of the tribe of Israel.
21: 51 So that I heard, I said, I am not satisfied with the people of Israel, and I have forgotten all my sins.
22: 51 Cֽh-am֞r Adn֣ic Iho֗h and Alh֙ic֙ Ir֣ib Am֔o Hn֥h Lk֛hti Mid֖c At-c֣os Htral֑h At-kb֙at֙ C֣os Hmt֔i La-tos֥ifi Lstot֖h Aֽod:
23: 51 And thou shalt give it to me in the hand of the Maggid, which is as it is, that it may be for your soul, that thou shalt go down, and that I will hate it, and thou shalt make my day as a river, and I will make you stronger, and I will make it stronger for the transgressors.
‪xxxx  Chapter 52   (15 verses)‬
1: 52 I will not be ashamed of you, nor shall I be ashamed of you, but I will be ashamed of you, and I will be ashamed of you, and I will be ashamed of you, and I will not be afraid of you.
2: 52 You shall not be afraid of me, nor shall I be ashamed of you, nor shall I be ashamed of them, nor shall I be ashamed of them, nor shall I be ashamed of them.
3:25 So when the LORD said unto them, Ye are the children of Hanan, but they are not sold out, and they are not in the midst of their sorrows.
4:52 So when the Lord said, I am with you, O Lord, O LORD, O Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
5: 52 And it came to pass, that it was not for me, but for the people of the land, and for the people of the land, and for the people of the land, and for the people of the land.
6: 52 Behold, ye shall go down with me; for they are not; therefore they are not, but they are not.
7: 52 What is the word of the LORD, that is, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth?
8: 52 And the children of Zipph, the children of Israel, were married to the children of YHVH, because they were jealous of them, because they were angry with the children of Israel.
9: 52 And the men of Israel were afraid of them, and they were afraid of them, because they were destroyed, because they were destroyed, because they were not with them, but the LORD was with him, and his people were destroyed.
10: 52 And the LORD hath turned away from him; and he hath sanctified his wickedness; for all their eyes are full of them, and they have seen all things of the earth, and the earth is the salvation of God.
11: 52 Soo and Soro, the son of Moses, the son of Moses, the son of Moses, the son of Judah;
12: 52 Behold, they are not in haste, but thou shalt not be ashamed; and behold, they shall not come to thee; for they shall come to thee before thee, O Jehovah, and they shall be numbered of them, God is not. Ye are the children of Israel.
13:52 Behold, the servant of the servant of the servant of the servant of the LORD hath risen up, and he has risen up;
14: 52 And as for the people of Israel, they were not over you, but they were great, so that they were not ashamed, but they were not afraid of the sight of him, and they saw him, because of his sons, because they were with them.
15: 52 So, behold, they have gone up, for they have gone up, and they have multiplied, and they have multiplied, and they have gone out of their hands, and their mouths have been turned away, for they have not been afraid of them, nor are they afraid of them, but of them, they are not afraid, and they are not afraid.
‪xxxx  Chapter 53   (12 verses)‬
1: 53 מ֥י הי א֖מּ֖מ֖י לִן לששממע֑ת֑נ֑נו וזז֥ר֥עו֥ע יהו יהְה֖ה֖ה עלל-ממ֥י נ נגגֽלֽתָהתָהה.
2: 53 And he went up to Kayon, and went down to his face, and went down to the porch of the river, and he saw it, and he saw it, and he saw it, and he saw it, and the LORD saw it, and they saw it, and behold it was not seen from it, and they destroyed it.
3: 53 And the man was taken away, and there was no man, but there was no man, and he was not afraid, and he was afraid of him, and he turned away from him, and he turned away from him, and he turned away from him, and went away from him.
4: 53 Behold, the children of Israel, the people of the land, are not the people, nor the people of the people, nor the children of Israel, nor the people of Israel, nor the people of Israel, nor of the people of Israel.
5: 53 And the people of Mehlal, of Mesopotamia, came out of the house of Meknu, of Maעa, of Nתתּּ֑֑֑֑, of Muּ֤֤֤֤r, of Sלו֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙, of ֔֔֔ ו ו ו ו ו ו֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ
6: 53 All of us, the people of Tzahan, have come to our senses, and there is no man, no man, no man, no man, no man, no man, no man, no man, no man, no one, no one,
7: 53 And he brought him to his house, and he gave him his hand, and he gave him his bread, and he gave it to him, and he gave him bread, and he gave it to him, so that he could not give it to him, nor to his father, nor to his father, nor to his father.
8: 53 And he who is mighty, and the judge of the law, is not satisfied, and he is the judge of the people of Israel. He said, "I will bring you to the land of Israel." He said: "We will not take away from you the land of the living of the people, because the people of the people of Israel will not come to their land."
9: 53 And he gave to the wicked, he that dwelt among him, and made him shine in his death, but he did not go into the heat, but he did as he did, and he did not lift up his vineyard in his mouth.
10: 53 And he, behold, he is the captain of the tribe of Dacau, and he is the father of Gilead, but if thou shalt not commit guilt, he shall not be afraid;
11: 53 When his soul came to rest, he saw it, and he returned to his house, knowing that he was the captain of the tribe of Tzadik, the servant of Labad, the son of the LORD, and of the people of the land.
12: 53 Lc֞n Ahlk-l֣o Brb֗im and At-atzomim֮ Ihl֣k Sll֒ T֗ht As֨r Har֤h Lm֙ot֙ Nfs֔o and At-fsa֖im Nmn֑h and Hoa֙ Hta-rb֣im Ns֔a and Lfsa֖im Ifgֽia: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 54   (17 verses)‬
1: 54 Behold, I will not go back to the land of Israel, but I will not see you, nor shall I be victorious, nor shall I be afraid, for I will not be afraid of you, for I will not be afraid of you.
2: 54 The wind, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty;
3: 54 For the children of the people, and the children of Israel, shall be fruitful, and shall be thirsty: for they shall be rich, and they shall be made hot;
4: 54 Do not be afraid of me, because I am not afraid of my sins, and not of all my children; for I am not afraid of the heat of my eyes, because when I am six years old, you will not forget me, and I will live without you.
5: 54 For when I go, O son of Israel, do thee, O LORD, O LORD, the tribe of Zvuah, the name of his name, and I will come to you, and I will go to the land of Israel, and I will bring it to God. All the land of the land shall be cold.
6: 54 Therefore, because of the fear of the people of Azzabah, and of the power of the LORD, the LORD, behold, the LORD your God is with you, and you are the women of the youth, so that you may be filled with hope, because God is your God.
7: 54 Behold, I will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
8: 54 In the midst of the flood, the rain of the rain, the rain, the rain, the rain, the rain, the rain, the rain, the rain, the rain, the rain, the rain, the rain, the rain, the rain, the rain, and the rain.
9: 54 So that I am not worthy of my life, but I will not return to you, but I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you from the land of Israel.
10: 54 When the mountains were filled with water, the sea was filled with rain, and the earth was filled with rain, and there was no rain, and there was no rain, and there was no rain, and there was no rain.
11: 54 My servant, I am a servant, I am not a prophet, but I am a witness to you. Why are you angry with your father, your father, your son, and your lord, your father?
12: 54 And thou shalt be as great as the tabernacle, that is, the sixth day, and the hair of thee, that thou mayest be the son of the LORD, and all the mighty of thy greatness unto the children of the heat of the furnace.
13: 54 And all the sons of the children of Judah shall bear witness to the LORD, and he shall return to the land of Israel;
14: 54 Bezekah, behold, thou shalt prepare for me, that I may rejoice; for I am not satisfied; for I have no desire; and I am not worthy of it.
15: 54 There is no god but God;
16: 54 * They, behold, I am the son of my son, the son of Abraham, the son of Hares, the son of Nephah, the king of Israel, who was in possession of the land of Israel, and of the tribe of Israel, so that he might do his work, and I will bring it to you, and I will bring it to you.
17: 54 All of you, all of you, have been blessed, and you have been blessed, and all the people of Israel have been blessed, and you have been sanctified, and you have not returned to the land of Israel. The inheritance of the people of Israel is not the end of the people, but you are the servants of the servant of the LORD, and the righteousness of their people is not from them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 55   (13 verses)‬
1: 55 And all the people of the land went up to them, and they came to them, and they went to the sea, and they returned to them, and they returned to them, and they returned to them, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they returned to them, and they came to them, saying, 'Behold, I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you.'
2: 55 For the people of Israel, consider that the people of Israel, and the people of the land of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Sheba, and the people of Sheba, and the people of Sheba, shall not enter into the land of Israel, nor shall they be consumed, nor shall they be consumed;
3: 55 And if they were not, they would not be able to come to them, and they would come to you, and they would not be able to give up their lives, and they would not be able to do anything.
4: 55 And the people of the tribe of Aumah were not given to him, and they came to them, and they gave them to the nations.
5: 55 Behold, I know that thou shalt not be afraid, nor shall I know that thou shalt be afraid, nor be angry with me; for I am not thy God;
6: 55 The LORD, the LORD, hath given up his kingdom, and his people have come to him, and they are in him;
7: 55 Yeaazab, the son of Rasha, the son of Darius, his servant, and the man of the tribe, and of the tribe of Mahashabath, of his inheritance, and of the tribe of Yahweh, of Yahweh, of Jehoaham, of Judah, and of God, because of us, so that they should not bring it to Hell.
8: 55 Behold, I am not afraid of them, nor of my compass, but of them, and of them, and of them, and of them, and of them, and of thy ways, because of thy ways.
9: 55 When the people returned, they were there, and they were not in the midst of them, but they were up against me, and they were not in my way, but they were in the midst of them, and they were not in the land of the land of the land of Mesopotamia.
10: 55 C֡i Cas֣r Ird֩ Hg֨sm and Hs֜lg Mn-hsm֗im and S֙mh֙ L֣a Is֔ob C֚i Am-hro֣h At-ha֔rtz and Holid֖h and Htzmih֑h and N֤tn Z֙ra֙ Lzr֔a and L֖hm Lacֽl:
11: 55 So, behold, I have spoken to you, and I have spoken to you, and I have spoken to you, and I have not seen them, but I have not seen them, but I have not seen them yet, but I have not seen them.
12: 55 When the children of the land of Israel were thirsty, and the children of Israel came to them, they turned away from them, and they turned away from them, and the land went away, and they opened fire before them, and they ran away from it, and all the inhabitants of the land were afraid of them.
13: 55 Thou shalt bring forth the wickedness of the children of Jahath, that is, the land of the land, and the land of the land, the land of the land, and the land of the land, and the land of the land, and the land of the land.
‪xxxx  Chapter 56   (12 verses)‬
1: 56 As if the mother of the LORD is the LORD, save him, and do not judge him, and do justice to him, and he shall do justice to him.
2: 56 When the people of Israel were born, the people of Israel came to them, and the son of Adam came to them, and he took up his army, and he returned to him, and he returned to his house, and he returned to him, and he returned to his house, and his name was destroyed, and his hands were filled with him, and he did not do anything.
3: 56 And unto the son of the son, the son of the son of Nakhon, the son of the son of the son of Jehoah, the son of the son of Yהוהו֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֔֔֔֔ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ י י י֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙ ְ֛֔ י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י ְהו֖ י י י י י ד֖֑ י י י י ו ו ו ו ו ו ו דהו֑֑֑֑ ו דהו֑֑֑ ו ו ו ו ד֥֑::: ו ד֥::::::: ד֥:::::
4: 56 For, behold, I am the Lord of the LORD, the Lord of Israel, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the Universe, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, and the Savior.
5: 56 And I gave to them, they were in the house, and they were in the house of my wives, and they were in the house of the children of the children, and the sons of the daughters of Israel, the children of the children of Israel, were married to them.
6: 56 And the sons of the children, the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the LORD, have given their inheritance to the LORD, and they have given their love to them, and they have given up their inheritance. Jehovah, the LORD, is the servant of the LORD, the servant of the servants; for all the people of the world are the Sabbath, the servant of the king, the king of Israel, and of his strength, and of his strength, in the midst of ignorance.
7: 56 And they brought the children to the sanctuary, and sanctified them, and they were glad to be in the midst of their prayer: for their tents and their sacrifices were for them, and they were not for the children of the house, but for the house of the house of the house.
8: 56 Let the Lord be with me, O LORD, for he is the one who gathers the seed of the rod, and he is the one who will bring it to the house of the LORD, and I will bring it to the people of Israel.
9: 56 As for his life, I have lived in his land, and I have given him up to eat all the living things of his life.
10: 56 * Look, the people of Zion are cursed, all of them, all of them, all of you, all of them, all of them, as in the hearts of men, they are not; they are not; they are not; they are not; they are the sons of the children; they are the ones who love; they are the ones who love; they are the ones who love.
11: 56 And the dogs shall not be afraid; they shall not fear; they shall not be afraid; but they shall be wicked; they shall not be afraid; for they shall not know;
12: 56 And when thou hast taken away the wine, and hath taken away the wine, and this is so, and so is it. And it is the breadth of the breadth of the breadth of the wine.
‪xxxx  Chapter 57   (21 verses)‬
1: 57 The Tzadik is the father of the father, and they are not, but they are not the people, but they are the people of the Levites, and the women of the land of the tribe of Nezim, who are in the midst of the land, are not in the midst of them, because they are not in the midst of them, but the LORD is the LORD.
2: 57 The children of the children of Israel, and of the people of Israel, were there in the midst of their dwelling place, because they were not in their power.
3: 57 And when they were brought together, the sons of Nunneh, the children of Anon, returned to her, and she turned away from Mannaaf, and she became jealous of her.
4: 57 Who are you? Thou shalt not be angry with him; for he hath been troubled, and hath not troubled him. Thou shalt not give him any counsel; for they shall not be afraid; but they shall not be born; they shall be born to the wicked.
5: 57 They are the heathen, and they are in the midst of all things, but they are not all the people of the flock, but they are the ones who have slaughtered themselves. The children are the sons of Nachal, but they are not the children of the people of Israel.
6: 57 In the midst of your life, I will give thee strength; for they are great; they are also great; for they are great; they have made you rich; yea, I have gone up to them, and I will not let them go.
7: 57 And the son of Gבvַ֙֙֙֙֙נש֔֔֔ ש ְְ֖֖֖ מִ מִ מִ מִׁבְ֑֑֑ ג ג--֥֥֥ ע ע ע ע לִ לִ֥֥֥ ע ע ע ע ע ע ע לִ לִ לִ לִ לִ לִ לִ לִ לִ לִ לִ לִ לִ לִ לִ לִ לִ לִ לִ לִ לִ לִ לִ לִ לִ ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ֽֽֽ֥֥ ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז
8: 57 and Ah֤r Hd֙lt֙ and Hmzoz֔h S֖mt Zcron֑c C֣i Mat֞i Gl֣it and ֽtal֗i Hrh֤bt Mscbc֙ and Tcrt-l֣c Mh֔m Ah֥bt Mscb֖m I֥d Hzֽit:
9: 57 And you shall be ashamed of me, and I will bring you to the land of Haman, and I will multiply thee, and I will bring thee forth, and thou shalt bring back the righteousness of the LORD, and I will bring thee into the land of the LORD, and thou shalt raise my hand, even unto me.
10: 57 And he blessed thee, saying, Thou shalt not go astray, but thou art vain, and fear thy life, and thy hands shall not be satisfied, because so shall they not be afraid.
11: 57 And I will not be afraid of you, but I will come to you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will not be afraid of you, but I will not be afraid of your heart, neither shall I be afraid of them, nor shall I be afraid of them.
12: 57 I am with you, I am with you, and I am with you, your righteousness, and with you, I do not do anything to you.
13: 57 Behold, I will bring you back to you, and I will bring you all to them, and I will bring them to the land, and I will give them their inheritance, because I will inherit the land, and I will see the mountain of Kadesh.
14: 57 And Amor the son of Silvio-sloo, the son of Pharo, the son of Harech;
15: 57 Ci֩ C֨h Am֜r R֣m and Ns֗a Sc֥n Ad֙ and Kd֣os Sm֔o Mr֥om and Kd֖os Asc֑on and At-dca֙ and Sfl-r֔oh Lhhiot֙ R֣oh Sfl֔im and ֽlhhi֖ot L֥b Ndcaֽim:
16: 57 And when he was gone, he went up into the world, and he was angry with him, and he came to us, and he did not take any of them, because he was afraid of them, because he was afraid of them, and he was afraid of them, and he did not do anything.
17: 57 Behold, it is in the midst of the rain, and it is a short time, and I will bring it to you, and I will bring it to you, and I will bring it to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
18: 57 And I will see thee, seeing him, seeing me, and reproaching him, and loathing him, and they that have been put to death;
19: 57 Bohrnu * Nov ** נ֣ב שב שׂפתת֑ת֑םםםם של֨ם |ם?
20: 57 And the wicked shall be ashamed, because they have been made hungry, so that the scepter shall not be ashamed, neither shall I be ashamed of them, nor shall I be exalted, nor shall I be exalted.
21: 57 Where is the Lord of the worlds, O nation of God, Lord of the earth, Lord of the earth?
‪xxxx  Chapter 58   (14 verses)‬
1: 58 And he said unto Geron, Thou shalt not rejoice, because thou shalt not be afraid; for they have gone astray, and have gone astray to the people, but they have not sinned, and they have not taken away the yoke of their sins.
2: 58 and Aot֗i I֥om Iom֙ Idrs֔on and D֥at Drc֖i Ihftz֑on Cg֞oi Asr-tzdk֣h As֗h and Msf֤t Alhio֙ L֣a Az֔b Isal֙oni֙ Msfti-tz֔dk Krb֥t Alh֖im Ihftzֽon:
2: 58 The Lord, the Lord, have mercy on us, and you shall not be angry with us.
4: 58 And he said unto them, Let there be no trouble; but they shall not go astray; and they shall not be in the midst of the wickedness of their wickedness, neither shall they cause them to commit evil in their wickedness.
5: 58 Behold, there is no god but him, and he is another man; and he is his father; and he is his father; and he is his father; and he is his father. And he is the king of the people.
6: 58 And this is what it is, that is, I will bring it forth, and I will bring it forth, and I will bring it forth, and it shall be a hundred thousand, and it shall be a hundred thousand, and it shall be a hundred thousand, and it shall be a hundred thousand, and it shall be a hundred thousand.
7: 58 Behold, the Lord of the worlds is the Lord, the Lord of the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
8: 58 And he said unto him, Behold, I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength: and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength.
9: 58 And he said unto him, Thou shalt read, O LORD, that is, I will come to thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and thou shalt not be afraid.
10: 58 And thou shalt be filled with evil, and thy anger shall be upon thee, and the breath of the mind shall rest upon thee, and thou shalt return to the midst of the earth, and the seed of thy flesh shall be thy light, and thy darkness shall be as it is in the morning of the morning.
11: 58 And we will judge thee, O LORD, that thou shalt return, and he shall return to the gate, in the brush of thy nostrils, and to thy bones, and to thee, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him;
12: 58 And your sons are from you, and you are a harab, and they are not going up, but they are rebellious, and they are rebellious, and you shall not rise up, and they shall not return to you, nor shall you be afraid of the land of the captives, but of the way of life.
13: 58 Am-ts֤ib Msbt֙ Rgl֔c As֥ot Hftz֖ic Bi֣om Kds֑i and Kr֨at Lsb֜t A֗ng Lkd֤os Ihoh֙ Mcb֔d and Cbdto֙ Mas֣ot Drc֔ic Mmtz֥oa Hftzc֖ and Db֥r Dbֽr:
14: 58 You have been blessed with the LORD, and I have blessed you with your children. [N] [q] If you want to eat and eat your own food, then you have to go to Yac'ac, and to your father, where is your father?
‪xxxx  Chapter 59   (21 verses)‬
1: 59 Behold, there is no god but the Lord, the hand of the Lord, the Son of God, the Lord of the Universe, and not his servant;
2: 59 For if they die, they will not be with thee, for they are not, but they are not, but they are not in their midst, but God is their God, and they are not, and they are the sinners, and they are not with thee, they are cursed, and they are afraid of them.
3: 59 When your hands are turned away, they will turn away from you in their own hands, and they will be crucified with their anger, for they will not be afraid, but they will be with you, and they will speak to them, so that they will not be oppressed, because they will not be afraid.
4: 59 There is no Korah, but in Tzedek, and there is no one who has faith in his faith, but he is not worthy of his word, because he has spoken to him, and he has spoken, and he is afraid, and he is with him, and he is with him;
5: 59 Behold, my eyes are thirsty: they have cried out, and they have come round: and I have shut up the man, and I will bring them down: and I will bring them out of their captivity, and I will come to them, and I will bring them forth.
6: 59 And the people of Zeruiah, who were not with him, went to the house of Gad, and did not take it into their hands, because they had done their works, and they did not do anything to them, but they did not do anything to them.
7: 59 The feet of the Lord shall be lifted up, and they shall be lifted up, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall not be destroyed.
8: 59 But the Lord, peace be upon you, is not your people, they have gone astray, and they are not in captivity, but in their circles, their paths have been turned away, because they have been oppressed because of them, because they have not seen you, but you have not seen them, but they have gone astray.
9: 59 Therefore, behold, the spirit of the judgment of the people of Meznu, and not of them, bring forth the righteousness of Tzadek, but it is Neko, that is, let it be light, and behold, it is your strength, that you may go out, and in the light of the light, the light shall be upon you.
10: 59 And the people of the tribe of Zachariah were angry with them, and they were not in the eye of the people, but they came to us in the midst of the fire.
11: 59 And we shall be blessed, as if they were in the house, and they shall be full, and we shall be full of them: behold, we will go to the court of judgment, and they shall not go to the land of Joshua, nor to the land of Rehovot, nor to the city of Mehamnu.
12: 59 For many, many of us have sinned against us, but we are against you, and our transgressions are against us, because we have sinned against you, for you are with us, and our sins have been lost.
13: 59 And Pasha was afraid; and he was ashamed of him; he was ashamed; and he was ashamed of them, and he was afraid of God, and he was not afraid of him.
14: 59 And he was brought to the house of the king of the tribe of Sheshphat, and Zadka, the son of Merukh, and of the tribe of Zadok, of blessed memory, so that the land of the land was destroyed, and the land was destroyed, and there was no sign of this.
15: 59 And you shall be with me, and I will give you the seed of the vineyard, and I will give it to the seed of the seed, and I will see it, and the LORD will see it, and it will be in the eyes of his eyes, so that I will not be filled with rain.
16: 59 And he saw that there was no man, but that there was a man, and they were shut up, because they were not, and he was not afraid of him, and he was afraid of him, and he was afraid of him: for he was thirsty, and his righteousness was right.
17: 59 And his heart was filled with Tzedekah, as he had done to him, and he was in the midst of his wickedness, and he was ashamed of him in his head, and he was filled with shame, and in his glory, he was revenged, and the wife of the women was filled with sorrow, and he was not afraid of her.
18: 59 And as for the children of the tribe of Israel, they were like the children of Israel, and they were filled with arms, and the people of Israel were thirsty for them, and they returned to their land, and they returned to their land, and they did not return to their land.
19: 59 And the people of the house of the Lord of the Sovereign were numbered with them: for the LORD, the LORD, had given them the honor of the Lord, and the people of the land,
20: 59 And he came to Zion, and he came to him, and he returned to the house of the LORD, and he returned to him.
21: 59 An֗i Z֣at Brit֤i Aotm֙ Am֣r Iho֔h Rohi֙ As֣r Al֔ic and Dbr֖i Asr-s֣mti Bf֑ic Lֽa-im֡oso Mfic֩ and Mf֨i Zrac֜ and Mf֨i Z֤ra Zrac֙ Am֣r Iho֔h Mat֖h and Ad-aolֽm: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 60   (22 verses)‬
1: 60 And when I was with you, my father came unto me, saying, Behold, O LORD, and thou shalt weep, and fear the LORD, O LORD, O king, O son of Israel.
2: 60 So that the people of the land, the people of the land, shall be put to the throne, and the land shall be turned to the nations, and the land shall be upon you, and the LORD shall rejoice, and his glory shall be upon thee, and he shall see thee.
3: 60 And those who came to them, to light thee, and to the kings, to go, go forth, and shine with thee.
4: 60 The people of the people of the tribe of Einav returned to you, and the people of the land returned to them, and they took up the land of the land of Israel, and the land of the land of Israel, and the land of Israel, and the land of Israel, and the land of Israel.
5: 60 If you see me, I will see you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
6: 60 שֽֽפּפעע֨ת ג גְּּמ֜ל֜ל תם תְּּכסס֗ך בככְר֤י מדדיי֙ן ויפע֔פ֔י֔ה כה כלּל֖י֖ם מִםשה֣א֣ב֣ב֣א יה יבב֖הו֑ה זה֤ב֣ב֣א יב֑ב֑ה אּב֑הו זה֤ה֤ב וה וה וה וה לבובנבננ֙ה לבובננ֔ו֙ה ו ולבובננ֥ו֥ה אְה֖ה֖הו֥ה ו ובנבנו֥ה֥ה ו ובנבנּה֥ה אְה֖הו֥ה ו ובנבנו יה֥ה ו ולבובנו֥ה ו ולבובנו֥ה אְה֖הו֥ה ו ובנבנו יהו֥ה יהוהו֖הו יה יהוה֖הו֖ה יה יבה֖הו֖ה יבבֵשּוו:: And the LORD hath given it to them.
7: 60 All the children of the tribe of Kedar, the children of Yavneh, were blessed with you, and the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
8: 60 Who is with you, who is hungry, and who is hungry, and who is ready to go up to their enemies?
9: 60 Cֽi-l֣i | Ai֣im Iko֗o and Ani֤ot Trsis֙ Br֣asn֔h Lhb֤ia Bn֙ic֙ Mֽrh֔ok Csf֥m and Zhb֖m At֑m Lsm֙ LORD Alh֔ic and Lkd֥os Isra֖l C֥i Farֽc:
10: 60 And the sons of the sons of Nihon, the sons of Nihor, and your kings, and the kings of them, the children of you, and the children of Israel, and the children of Israel.
11: 60 And they opened their gates, and they went down to them, and they came to them, and they came not to them; they refused to return to them, but they returned to them, but they were not able to return to them, and they came to them from there, and they were saved.
12: 60 When the Haggai and the Mamluks came down, they did not serve them, but they did not worship, and the Hagioth were burned, and the fire was pure.
13: 60 As for the children of the sons of Israel, behold, I am the son of Jacob, who is in the house of the LORD, who is in charge of the land of the LORD, and of the people of Israel, and of the tribe of Judah, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, and of the LORD.
14: 60 Hlc֨o Al֤ic Sh֙oh֙ Bn֣i Man֔ic and Hֽstho֛o Al-cf֥ot Rgl֖ic Cl-mnֽatz֑ic and K֤rao Lc֙ A֣ir Iho֔h Tzi֖on Kd֥os Israֽl:
15: 60 Thou shalt be the one that hath been abandoned, and despised, and transgressed: and they have not gone astray, and have given thee bread, and they have not been afraid, but they have gone out of their way.
16: 60 And I will take them, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall be destroyed, and I will be with you: for I am not with you, O LORD, O LORD, I pray thee, O Lord, I will come to you, and I will come to you, O father of Jacob.
17: 60 T֣ht Hnh֜st Ab֣ia Zh֗b and T֤ht Hbrzl֙ A֣bia C֔sf and T֤ht Hֽatzim֙ Nh֔st and T֥ht Habn֖im Brz֑l and Smt֤i Fkdtc֙ Sl֔om and Ngs֖ic Tzdkֽh:
18: 60 Behold, I will not go into the land of the land, but in thy land I will go down, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
19: 60 Do not you know that there is no god but God, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth?
20: 60 You shall not be afraid, but it shall be no more than your sabbath, and the fire shall be upon you, and it shall not be blotted out: for the LORD, O LORD, is with you, for it is your own life, that I may go up to them, and that they will come, and I will not be filled with you.
21: 60 And the people of Kulam, who were righteous, went up to the land, but they did not turn away from the land of the land of Nazareth, but they were not in the land of the land.
22: 60 The little one said, "Yes, it is a day, a month, and a month, a month, a month, a month." "I am a man, but I am not a Jew." "Yahweh, son of Abraham."
‪xxxx  Chapter 61   (11 verses)‬
1: 61 R֛oh Adn֥i Iho֖h Al֑i I֡an Msh֩ Iho֨h At֜i Lbs֣r Ano֗im Slh֙ni֙ Lhb֣s Lnsbri-l֔b Lkr֤a Lsboim֙ Dr֔or and Lasor֖im Fkh-kֽoh:
2: 61 And he called upon the LORD of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
3: 61 Ls֣om | Labl֣i Tzi֗on Ltt֩ Lh֨m Fa֜r T֣ht A֗fr S֤mn Sson֙ T֣ht A֔bl Mat֣h Thl֔h T֖ht R֣oh Ch֑h and Kr֤a Lhm֙ Ail֣i Htz֔dk Mt֥a Iho֖h Lhtfaֽr:
4: 61 And his son, Harab, and the sons of the children of Israel, went up against them, saying, "Surely, they will not be destroyed; they will be destroyed, and they will be destroyed, and they will be destroyed for ever, and they will be destroyed."
5: 61 And they stood there again, and they were evil, and they were evil, and their sons, and their children, were not your people, and their vineyards were destroyed.
6: 61 And you shall be like the sons of the LORD, O Jehovah, shall ye be gathered together, and they shall be filled with flesh? O God our God, shall we be filled with bread? And they shall be filled with bread, and they shall not be consumed, nor shall their glory be consumed.
7: 61 Thou shalt not be ashamed of thy wickedness, nor of thy neighbor, nor of them, nor of them, nor of them, but of them, because they are in their land.
8: 61 When I was with you, the LORD came to me, and I went to the house of the captain of the tribe of Shazar, but he did not go down to the land of Israel, and you gave it to me. I did not go to the house, but the people came to them.
9: 61 And the children of Baghaim, the sons of Zera'am, and the children of the tribe of Bethamah, and the children of the people, all of them, all of them, were numbered;
10: 61 S֧os As֣is Bֽiho֗h Tg֤l Nfsi֙ Bֽalh֔i C֤i Hlbis֙ni֙ Bgdi-i֔sa Ma֥il Tzdk֖h Iat֑ni Cֽhtn֙ Ich֣n Fa֔r and Ccl֖h Tad֥h Clֽih:
11: 61 For as for the children of Israel, and for the people of Zion, and for the people of Zion, and for the garden of them, they are the ones who are in the midst of them: for they are the children of the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 62   (12 verses)‬
1: 62 For the commandment of Zion, it is not the land of the land of Israel, nor the land of Israel; but the inheritance of them is not even, nor is it everlasting, but it is not in the hands of the children of Israel, but it is the righteousness of the righteous, and the salvation of the LORD is like all things.
2: 62 And he saw that it was a day of death, and that it was your righteousness, and all your kings, so that your glory was upon you, and it came to you, that it was because they were alone, and that it was ashes, and that it was not, but the LORD, O LORD, was coming.
3: 62 And thou shalt bring unto Zion the seed of the seed of the seed of the hand of the LORD, and of the cherubim, and of the cherubim of the angel of the LORD, in the palm of thy God.
4: 62 Lֽa-iamr֩ L֨c A֜od Azob֗h and Lartzc֙ La-iam֥r Aod֙ Smm֔h C֣i L֗c Ikra֙ Hftzi-b֔h and Lartz֖c Baol֑h Cֽi-hf֤tz Ihoh֙ B֔c and Artz֖c Tbaֽl:
5:26 So that the people of the world shall be ashamed of the world, and the people of Israel shall come to you, and they shall not be ashamed of you, nor shall you be ashamed of them.
6: 62 And upon the heavens, they are the children of Jerusalem; for they have given me bread, and they have not, but they are not, and they are all, and they are all, and they shall not be afraid; for they shall not be ashamed: for they shall remember the LORD, and bring them not unto them.
7: 62 And the children of Tethn, the children of the children of Israel, went up against them, and reigned over them, and went up against them, and took them away, and they were not there;
8: 62 Nsb֧a Iho֛h Bֽimin֖o and Bzr֣oa Az֑o Am-atn֩ At-dgn֨c A֤od Mֽacl֙ La֣ib֔ic and Am-ist֤o Bnֽi-ncr֙ Tֽiros֔c As֥r Ig֖at Bֽo:
9: 62 So that from his assemblages they shall be consumed by him, and they shall be brought to him, and they shall bring him out of the house of the LORD, and they shall gather him in the midst of the sanctity of the sanctity of the sanctuary.
10: 62 And they said unto him, Tell him, Thou shalt go down in the gate of the gate, and they shall not go down: for they have gone astray, and they have slaughtered the thrones, and they have been cursed, and they have been cursed.
11: 62 Behold, the LORD, the LORD, is the one who has given up the earth; and the children of Israel have not spoken to him. They have said to him, 'Give him a daughter of Zion.' "Behold, he will make you happy. Behold, he is his servant, and his servants are his servants, and he is his servant before his face.
12: 62 And they called unto them, that is, the people of the thorn, and the people of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD, the Lord of the land,
‪xxxx  Chapter 63   (19 verses)‬
1: 63 Who is the king of Israel? He is the king of the people of the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel.
2: 63 It is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord.
3: 63 For֣h | Dr֣cti Lbd֗i and Mֽamim֙ Aֽin-a֣is At֔i and Adrc֣m Baf֔i and Arms֖m Bhmt֑i and I֤z Ntzhm֙ Al-bgd֔i and Cl-mlbos֖i Agaֽlti:
4: 63 And when they were gone, they were filled with heart, and there was no greatness;
5: 63 And I will look at you, and I will not be jealous of you, neither shall I be ashamed of them, neither shall I be ashamed of you; and I will be ashamed of you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
6: 63 And the father of the people of Israel was in Ephesus, and they remembered them in the heat of the fire, and against the land of Nitzaham.
7: 63 And the Lord of the Sins, the LORD, the Lord of the Universe, is the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord, the Lord, and the Most High, and the Most High, and the Most High, and the Most High, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful.
8: 63 And he said, I will go down with you, and I will be with you, and they will not be afraid;
9: 63 In the mind of the people of Nazareth, thou shalt not be filled with his eyes; but the LORD hath given him his face, and he hath given him his strength, and he hath given him his strength, and he hath given him strength, and he hath given him strength;
10: 63 And he said unto Moses, Behold, thou shalt surely go down to the house of the LORD, and sanctify him, and bring thee to them, and they shall not be destroyed: for they shall not fight against them.
11: 63 And Zachor the son of the king of Israel, Moses, his people, his people, his people, his wife, his wife, his wife, his wife, his wife, and his wife.
12: 63 And the Lord of the heavens shall come to him, and he shall not return to Moses, and he shall return to the land of Israel, and he shall return to the land of Israel.
13: 63 Thou shalt guide them, O daughter of the Lord, for they shall not be oppressed in the wilderness, neither shall they be ashamed.
14: 63 The LORD shall dwell in the midst of the earth, and fear the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
15: 63 Behold, I will not be afraid of your name, nor shall I be afraid of you, but I will not be afraid of you, nor shall I be afraid of you. Behold, your jealousy is yours, and you shall not be afraid of your anger.
16: 63 When you are angry with us, do not let us know, because Abraham is not your God, and you are the people of Israel, so be it not for us, O Israel, for you are worthy of us, O LORD, for our fathers, our God, have given us hope for your sins, for your name is yours.
17: 63 Why are you astonished, the LORD is the LORD, your way is yours, and you are hard-working, because you will not be afraid of your fear, because you will return to your homeland, and your servant will return to you, and you will be captivated, and your inheritance will be yours.
18: 63 For the people of your land are the people of your holy land, your righteousness, your righteousness, your lawlessness, your sanctity.
19: 63 Behold, our Lord is the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, of the Lord of the Worlds, of the Lord of the Worlds, and of the people of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 64   (11 verses)‬
1: 64 And as the sanctuary of the men of Israel, they shall be filled with water, and they shall be filled with water, and they shall not be filled with water.
2: 64 In thy doings thou shalt see, and behold, ye shall not be afraid: for thou hast taken away from thy face, and the mountains are gone.
3: 64 And they said unto them, Do not hear; and they shall not be afraid; let us not be afraid; for they are not gods; but God is the God of all men, and the Lord is his servant, and he is his servant.
4: 64 Behold, thou shalt go up thyself, and go straight to thy ways: for thy sake shall be remembered: thou shalt be satisfied with him; and thou shalt not be ashamed; and they shall be extinct, and behold, they are gone, and they have committed wickedness.
5: 64 And we, the children of the tribe of Kohath, were full of all our righteousness, and all our righteousness, and our people, and our people, and our people, and our people, and our people, and our people, and our people, and our people;
6: 64 And there is no Korah in your name, so that you may not be afraid to be sad, because you are not ashamed of yourselves, because your eyes are not with us, and you have been glorified by us.
7: 64 And the LORD said unto her, Behold, our fathers have given us strength: for we have given strength to the earth, and we have given it to you, and it is done to us, and do your hands, and do what you have done.
8: 64 Do not go to the Lord, but to the Lord, even unto the Lord, and to the Lord, be steadfast, and be merciful.
9: 64 The people of your sanctuary are great; they are the children of the house of the LORD, the LORD of Zion, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of the LORD, the Lord of Israel, the Lord of Israel.
10: 64 Behold, we have sanctified our sanctuary, and you shall be glorified. As for us, we will not be ashamed of you, because our fathers have given us strength, so that we may turn to the flesh of the trees, and all the food of our plants.
11: 64 And the LORD hath given thee strength, and he hath given him strength: and the Lord hath given him strength.
‪xxxx  Chapter 65   (25 verses)‬
1: 65 And when I saw him, I saw him, and he took him away, and he brought him to me, and he gave me strength, and he gave me strength, and he gave me strength, and he gave me strength, and he gave me strength.
2: 65 Wherefore hast thou my hands, all things, that are, unto them, unto them, that they shall be broken down, and that the men shall not go down, nor shall thy lord be with thee?
3: 65 And the men who are angry with the children of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel,
4: 65 Those who dwell in the past, are born, and are born to be born, they are our children, and the children of Israel are in the midst of the heat of the heat. And the portion of the water is full of water.
5: 65 Behold, I will put down your heart, and I will not come to you, for your sanctity is with you, but I have done it to you, because I have done it to you all.
6: 65 Behold, it is written unto the face of me, that I may not be ashamed, but that if I have come, I will surely die, and I will have fulfilled my iniquity.
7: 65 A֠oֺnticm and Aoֺn֨t Abotic֤m Ihdo֙ Am֣r Iho֔h As֤r Ktro֙ Al-h֣hr֔im and Al-hgba֖ot Hrf֑oni and Mdt֧i Falt֛m Rֽasn֖h * on-** Al-hikֽm: S.
8: 65 C֣h | Am֣r Iho֗h Cas֨r Imtz֤a Htiros֙ Bֽasc֔ol and Amr֙ Al-tshit֔ho C֥i Brc֖h B֑o C֤n Aֽash֙ Lm֣an Abd֔i Lblt֖i Hֽsh֥it Hcֽl:
9: 65 And he went out, saying, "Behold, I will come to you." 43 Then he cried out, "Who is this man?" He said, "Behold, I will make him a mountain." And he made his inheritance in the city, and they worshiped him, so that they might dwell in their land.
10: 65 And he was the serpent; he was a son-in-law, and he went out of the house, and went to the land of Baqar to the people; but I did not go down the road to my land.
11: 65 And you shall not return to me, O LORD, for the forgotten is the holy, the holy, the holy, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, and the mighty.
12: 65 Mn֨iti Atc֜m Lh֗rb and Clcm֙ Lt֣bh Tcr֔ao I֤an Kr֙ati֙ and L֣a Anit֔m Db֖rti and L֣a Smat֑m and Tas֤o Hra֙ Bain֔i and Bas֥r Lֽa-hf֖tzti Bhrtֽm: P.
13: 65 Lc֞n Ch-am֣r | Adn֣i Iho֗h Hn֨h Abd֤i | Iac֙lo֙ and At֣m Tra֔bo Hn֧h Abd֛i Ist֖o and At֣m Ttzm֑ao Hn֧h Abd֛i Ism֖ho and At֥m Tbֽso:
14: 65 Behold, I have worshiped you; yea, behold, I am not worthy of them; and they shall be blessed, and thou shalt not be thirsty, nor shall I be ashamed of them, nor shall I be ashamed of them, nor shall I be ashamed of them.
15: 65 And I will give them strength, and I will give them to the LORD, and I will choose them: and I will destroy you, and I will judge you, O LORD, and I will not serve anyone.
16: 65 As֨r Hmtbr֜c Ba֗rtz Itbrc֙ Balh֣i Am֔n and Hnsb֣a Ba֔rtz Isb֖a Balh֣i Am֑n C֣i Nsch֗o Htzrot֙ Hr֣asn֔ot and C֥i Nstr֖o Mainֽi:
17: 65 And when they were asleep, they were born, but they were not new; they were new again, and they were new to them, and they were not worthy; they were victorious; they were rebellious, and they were rebellious, and they were not, nor were they everlasting.
18: 65 And when the men of the people were caught, and the men of the men came down to me, I saw them, saying, I am not in the midst of them, but because I am with you, they are not in the land, but they have brought the children of Israel to the land of Gilboa, and the people of Moses are there.
19: 65 And Gillathai said to Jeruselam, Why did you not do that with me anymore? And he did not enter into it, but he did not enter into it.
20: 65 Do not be afraid of them; they are the people of the people, and the people of the world are full of strength, and they are worthy of them. As for the people of Israel, I am not afraid of them, because I am afraid of them, because I am not afraid of them.
21: 65 And his children were born, and his people were lost, and they were driven away, as if they were thirsty, and consumed them, and destroyed them.
22: 65 Let us not understand, and he will be ashamed, and he will not be ashamed; he will be angry with him, and he will be ashamed, and he will be consumed, because he will be thirsty, and the people will die, and the people will die, and they will do their hands; they will not be afraid of them in their choice.
23: 65 Do not let the people go to the Lord, and the son of Jacob will not be born to him, but he will return to the land of Israel, so that he may return to the land of Israel, and the people of Israel will come to you.
24: 65 And there was a cloud of blood, and a cloud, and a cloud, and a cloud, and I said, O people of the land, they are not speaking, and I am going to die.
25: 65 And he went astray, and he went astray: and he saw it, as if he were weeping, and he saw it, and he saw it, and he saw it, and he saw it, so that he could not see it.
‪xxxx  Chapter 66   (24 verses)‬
1: 66 Thus the mother, the LORD, is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth.
2: 66 And all the people of Israel were with me, saying, "Behold, I have done all this, and I have been with you all, for I have given it to you, and I have given it to you, and I have given it to you, and I will not go down to you, nor will I be angry with you."
3: 66 Soh֨t Hs֜or Mch-a֗is Zob֤h Hsh֙ A֣rֽf C֔lb Mal֤h Mnhh֙ Dm-hz֔ir Mzc֥ir Lbn֖h Mb֣rֽc A֑on Gm-h֗mh Bֽhro֙ Bdrcih֔m and Bskotzih֖m Nfs֥m Hfֽtzh:
4: 66 Gm-an֞i Abh֣r Btallih֗m and Mgֽortm֙ Ab֣ia Lh֔m I֤an Kr֙ati֙ and A֣in Aon֔h Db֖rti and L֣a Sm֑ao and Ias֤o Hra֙ Bain֔i and Bas֥r Lֽa-hf֖tzti Bhֽro: S.
5: 66 Hear the words of the word of the LORD, saying unto them, Behold, they are saying unto the Lord, Behold, I say unto them, Thou shalt not take them, that they shall not be put to death, that I may give them bread: for I will give them bread, and I will give them bread.
6: 66 And the voice of the Lord shall be taken away from him, and he shall be filled with water, and he shall be filled with wine, and he shall be filled with wine.
7: 66 In the name of the LORD, behold, there is no god but God, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World.
6: 66-39- "And he said," Come, I will go to the house, and I will go to the house, and I will come to you, and I will go back to you, and I will go back to you, and I will go back to you, and I will go back to you, and I will return to you. "
9: 66 Behold, I will return to the moon, and it shall come to pass, O God, that I may return to the LORD, O LORD, if I am a man, and I will be circumcised, and my soul shall be with me. Am I the God of God?
10: 66 Be glad, and bring them to Jerusalem; and they shall bring it to her, all her love, and she shall be ashamed of her; and she shall be ashamed of her, and she shall be ashamed of all things that are coming to her.
11: 66 For the sake of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the people of the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
12: 66 Cֽi-c֣h | Am֣r Iho֗h Hnn֣i Ntֽh-a֠lih Cnh֨r Sl֜om and Cn֧hl Sot֛f Cb֥od Goi֖m and ֽinkt֑m Al-tzd֙ Tns֔ao and Al-brc֖im Tsasֽao:
13: 66 As if there was a man, that his mother had given him, they had given him bread, because they had been destroyed, and they had been destroyed, and they had not been destroyed, and they had not been destroyed.
14: 66 And he saw them, and they that were in their midst, and their hands, and their hands, and as they did, they were broken together, and the men of Judah were afraid of them, and they knew the hand of Yahweh, that they had taken away their servant, and they despised their enemies.
15: 66 When the LORD, behold, the LORD came to him, he gave him a son, and he drew him, and wrapped it up, and his chariots turned to him, and he drew fire in his fire, and he abhorred him, and glorified him, in the hearts of his enemies.
16: 66 When the fire was in the fire, the LORD said, "Behold, I will bring you down, and I will bring forth all the flesh of your flesh, and multiply it."
17: 66 The holy ones, and the men of the flock, went to the Haganah, and they came to the house of the LORD, and he gave them to the children of Israel, saying, "Behold, I am the one who is in the house of the king, and the son of the king, and the son of the king, and the son of David."
18: 66 And the people of Maasiah made sure that they were in possession of them, and they came to them, and gathered them all, and all the people of the land, and they came, and saw it, and they saw their honor.
19: 66 Smt֨i Bh֜m A֗ot and Slht֣i Mh֣m | F֠litim Aֽl-hgoi֞m Trs֨is F֥ol and L֛od M֥sci K֖st Tb֣l and Io֑n Hai֣im Hrhk֗im As֨r La-sma֤o At-smai֙ and La-ra֣o At-cbod֔i and Hg֥ido At-cbod֖i Bgoiֽm:
20: 66 Hb֣iao At-cl-ahic֣m Mcl-hgoi֣m | Mnh֣h | Lֽiho֡h Bsos֡im and ֠brcb and Btzb֨im and Bfrd֜im and Bcrcr֗ot A֣l H֥r Kds֛i Irosl֖m Am֣r Iho֑h Cas֣r Ibiao֩ Bn֨i Isra֧l At-hmnh֛h Bcl֥i Th֖or B֥it Ihoֽh:
21: 66 And it was so, where were the children of Israel, that they had given up to them, because they were not worthy of the LORD?
22: 66 For as for me, as for the name of the people, and for the land of the new man, I am as a man, but I am not a man; but I am going up to them before you; for I am not worthy of them, but they are not worthy of them, but they are the people of their people, and they are their servants.
23: 66 And there was a hundred and fifty people in the house of David, who was in the midst of his captivity, because he was in the midst of his captivity, and he returned to him, and all the children were glad to be worshiped before him. Amen, the LORD is the LORD.
24: 66 And he went out, and saw it, and in the generations of the men, they were afraid of the wicked, but they were not in their midst; but they were not swallowed up, but they were not full of guilt, nor accusation, nor were they put to death, and they were the children of the LORD, and they were all in captivity.
‪xxxx    End of Isaiah (66 chapters, 1291 verses).
