‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.45. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Jeremiah (52 chapters, 1364 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (19 verses)‬
1: 1 Speak unto me, lift him up, O son of Hilkiah, because of him I will give you the sons of the children, and I will bring them to the house of the children of Israel.
2: 1 As for the LORD, behold, the word of the LORD came to pass, and they were not in the house, but my enemies, O son of Ammon, were in the house of Jehoahudah, in the hundred and thirty years of his reign.
3: 1 and Ih֗i Bim֨i Ihoik֤im Bn-iasi֙ho֙ M֣lc Ihod֔h Ad-tm֙ Ast֣i Asr֣h Sn֔h Ltzdki֥ho Bn-iasi֖ho M֣lc Ihod֑h Ad-gl֥ot Irosl֖m Bh֥ds Hhmisֽi: S.
4: 1 And he said unto him, Speak unto me, O LORD!
5: 1 In the name of the Lord, behold, I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength.
6: 1 And it came to pass, that I saw the Lord, that I might go down; yea, behold, I am not there; but I am not afraid of him, neither shall I be afraid. [1]
7: 1 And the word of the LORD said unto me, Come, I pray thee, thou shalt not be angry with me: for I am not with thee, but with all thy wickedness, thou shalt surely turn away, and thou shalt be all-mighty, for thy power is not enough.
8: 1 Do not be afraid of your faces, because they are your God, but I will not be able to save you, and I will give you hope.
9: 1 And the LORD, the LORD, came down to him, and took his hand, and carried it on to me, and said, Jehovah, I pray thee, O God, behold, thou hast given it unto me, saying, I am in thy mouth.
10: 1 See, behold, thy commandment is against thee; and this is the day of the living, and the people of the land, and upon the children of the nations, and against the children of Israel, and against the children of Israel, and against the father of the children, and on the mountains, on the coast, and on the west, on the west side.
11: 1 And it came to pass, that the word of the LORD came to me, saying, "Behold, I am not afraid of you, but thou art afraid of him, lift up his anger, and believe in me, that I may be afraid, and I will not see her."
12: 1 And the word of the LORD said unto me, Behold, it hath come to pass, that I may see it, that I may be ashamed of myself, that I may speak of it, that I may do it.
13: 1 And behold, the word of the LORD came to me, saying, I am not the LORD, but the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds.
14: 1 And the word of the LORD said unto him, I pray thee, I pray thee, thou shalt not go down to the land, but thou shalt be afraid of the evil of the LORD: for all things shall be done, all that is sitting is the earth.
15: 1 C֣i | Hnn֣i Kr֗a Lcֽl-msfh֛ot Mmlc֥ot Tzf֖onh Nam-iho֑h and B֡ao and ֽntno֩ A֨is Csa֜o F֣th | Sar֣i Irosl֗m and A֤l Cl-homt֙ih֙ Sb֔ib and A֖l Cl-ar֥i Ihodֽh:
16: 1 And I spoke to them, saying, "My judgments are against you, but they are all my evil, but they are not, but I will be ashamed of them. And I will not be afraid."
17: 1 And Thou, Thou hast glorified thy countenance, and thou hast raised up, and speaketh unto me, that is, all the men, all of them, that I am not worthy, I will command thee, and thou shalt not bow down before thee, but thou shalt not see your brother, nor thy brother,
18: 1 and An֞i Hn֧h Ntt֣ic Hi֗om La֨ir Mbtz֜r and Lam֥od Brz֛l and Lhm֥ot Nh֖st Al-cl-ha֑rtz Lmlc֤i Ihodh֙ Lsr֔ih Lchn֖ih and La֥m Haֽrtz:
19: 1 And they fought against thee, and they did not - and they were consumed by thee, because ye are not with thee, but I am not worthy of the LORD's commandment to save thee.
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (37 verses)‬
1: 2 And behold, the word of the LORD came unto me;
2: 2 Hl֡c and Kֽrat֩ Bazn֨i [c] Irosl֜m Lam֗r C֚h Am֣r Iho֔h Zc֤rti Lc֙ H֣sd Naor֔ic Ahb֖t Clolt֑ic Lct֤c Ahri֙ Bmdb֔r Ba֖rtz L֥a Zroaֽh:
2: 2 And the name of Israel was given to him: he was the LORD, the chief of the family, and the daughter of the LORD, the father of all the children of Israel.
4: 2 Hear not, O son of Israel, the son of Jacob, and the king of the tribe of Israel, and the people of Israel, the children of Israel.
5: 2 So, behold, I am the Lord of the LORD, the Lord of the Universe, and I am the Father of the Father, and the Father, the Father, and the Father, and the Father, and the Son of God.
6: 2 and L֣a Amr֔o Ai֣h Iho֔h Hmal֥h At֖no Ma֣rtz Mtzr֑im Hmol֨ic At֜no Bmdb֗r Ba֨rtz Arb֤h and Sohh֙ Ba֙rtz֙ Tzi֣h and Tzlm֔ot Ba֗rtz Lֽa-a֤br Bh֙ A֔is and Lֽa-is֥b Ad֖m Sֽm:
7: 2 And I will bring you to the house of the vineyard of the vineyard, and I will bring it forth to you, and it will come to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will inherit it, and I will bring it to you.
8: 2 Hchn֗im L֤a Aֽmro֙ Ai֣h Iho֔h and Tfs֤i Htorh֙ L֣a Ida֔oni and Hra֖im F֣sao B֑i and Hnbiaim֙ Nba֣o Bb֔al and Ahr֥i Lֽa-ioa֖lo Hlֽco:
9: 2 To them, when I saw you, I brought them to you, because they were angry with you, and the son of them, because of them, because they were angry.
10: 2 But when I spoke, I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and he saw him, and sent him away, and they built him, and they saw him, and saw them, and they saw them, and they saw them, and they saw them.
11: 2 Behold, the moon is coming, God is not, and it is not, but God is not, and the people are not, and the heat is like the weight of his heart;
12: 2 So that the name of the name of the name of the king is upon him, and he will not lift up his sword, and he will not be afraid of his enemy.
13: 2 And when the wicked man was evil, he did evil; he did not go out with him; but he went away, and he went away, and he went to the house of the LORD, saying, "Behold, I am alive!"
14: 2 And the children of Israel shall be put to death, but they shall not be afraid; they shall not be afraid, nor shall they be afraid of them.
15: 2 The people of Israel shall prosper: for they are iniquity: they have given voice to them, and they have turned away from it, and they desire it for their own sake; they have been burned down; they have been burned; they have been saved; they are not afraid;
16: 2 And the children of Nunof, and Thaphanas, and Thafnah,
17: 2 Behold, thou shalt do the work of thy inheritance: thou shalt take away the LORD, O God, in thee, behold, thy kingdom shall be upon thee in thy way.
18: 2 And behold, what is your name, your name, to the Lord, the Lord of the earth, and the people of Israel, to the Lord, and to the Lord, and to the Lord, and to the Lord, and to the Lord, and to the Lord, and to the Lord,
19: 2 Tisr֣c Rat֗c and Msֽbot֙ic֙ Toch֔c and Da֤i and Rai֙ Ci-r֣a and M֔r Azb֖c At-iho֣h Alh֑ic and L֤a Fhdti֙ Al֔ic Nam-adn֥i Iho֖h Tzbaֽot:
20: 2 C֣i Maol֞m Sb֣rti Al֗c Nt֙kti֙ Mosrt֔ic and Tamr֖i L֣a * Ahbed ** Aab֑or C֣i Aֽl-cl-gba֞h Gbh֗h and T֙ht֙ Cl-a֣tz Ran֔n A֖t Tza֥h Znֽh:
21: 2 And I will give thee a gift, and I will give thee gladness, that thou shalt be full of all things: and I will not see thee, and I will be with thee.
22: 2 Therefore, if you wash my clothes, I will give them to you, and I will multiply thee: for thou hast brought them down: for they have gone, and they have gone down to the face, and they have given up their favor.
23: 2 I say unto thee, Thou shalt say, Behold, thou shalt not defile me; yet I will not bring the men to the world; for I will not see thee, seeing that thou shalt not go astray, but in the midst of the world, thou shalt do it.
24: 2 פּ֣ר |ר |ה לממּ֣ד מִד מדד֗ב֗ב֗ר בְּּא֤ו֤ת *ת *ה נהאאפפָּה֤ה֙ה נפשוהפהפהפה נה נה נה נה נה נה נה נה נה נה נה נה נ֙ה֣ה נה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה::ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:
25: 2 Manasseh, rejoice in your life and your generation.
26: 2 And as for the women of Gannab, so that they may be ashamed, so that they may bear witness, and they shall be ashamed of the children of Israel, and they shall be filled with them, and they shall be filled with them, and the people of the land shall be destroyed, and they shall not be destroyed.
27: 2 Say, "Do not be angry with me, my son, my father, my wife, my daughter, my son, my daughter, my daughter, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child.
28: 2 And God is your God, your Lord, and I am the Lord of the earth, do not you, O Lord, I am your God, and I will make you happy in your wickedness, because I am not afraid of you, because I am your God. Jehovah is your God.
29: 2 The Lord, the Lord, is the Lord, the Lord, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Greatest, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High.
30: 2 Behold, I have multiplied my sons, because they have been cursed; they have not been consumed; they have been consumed; they have burned their hands; they have not given them bread, but they have made me a dishwasher.
31: 2 The LORD hath given thee strength, and he hath seen it, saying, "Behold, I am the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD."
32: 2 Thou shalt not dwell in the midst of the world, but it is my witness, all that is with thee, and my people, and my people; forget me, and I will be forgotten.
33: 2 מהה-תּיט֥֥ב די דררככּ֖֖ך לבבֵּק֣ש אאֲהבב֑ה֑ לככ֙ן גּ֣֣ם אתת-רר֔ע֔ותת * למדתי ** לממּ֖דתתְּּת אתת דְּרככִֽֽךך:
34: 2 And they were in the oven, and they were not found; for they were evil, and the children of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the children of Israel were in the house of the children of Israel.
35: 2 And he said to me, "Behold, I will be victorious, I will be your father, and I will return to you, my father, because I am with you, and I will not let you go, but I will not let you go, but I will not give you up."
36: 2 Mh-tzl֥i Ma֖d Lsn֣ot At-drc֑c G֤m Mmtzr֙im֙ Tb֔osi Casr-b֖st Masֽor:
37: 2 And this is what you have done, that is, you have seen it, and your hands are on the head of your family, because it is in the midst of your death that you are not able to live.
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (25 verses)‬
1: 3 Lam֡r H֣n Isl֣h A֣is At-asto֩ and Hlc֨h Mat֜o and Hit֣h Lais-ah֗r His֤ob Al֙ih֙ A֔od Hl֛oa Hn֥of Thn֖f Ha֣rtz Hh֑ia and A֗t Znit֙ Ra֣im Rb֔im and S֥ob Al֖i Nam-ihoֽh:
2: 3 Saֽi-ain֨ic Al-sfi֜m and Ra֗i Aifh֙ L֣a * The Book ** Sc֔bt Al-drcim֙ Is֣bt Lh֔m Carb֖i Bmdb֑r and Thn֣ifi A֔rtz Bznot֖ic and Bratֽc:
3: 3 And they turned away from him, and turned away from him, and took away from him, and went to him, and he came to him, and he was victorious, and his wife was victorious: Zona, the son of Leah, the son of Leah, the son of Abraham.
4: 3 Behold, I will come to you, and I will see you, and I will see you; and I will come to you, and I will come to you.
5: 3 And he went up to the ground, but he did not sleep, but he was victorious, and I gave him the commandment of the LORD, and I did not do evil.
6: 3 and I֨amr Iho֜h Al֗i Bimi֙ Iasi֣ho Hm֔lc Hֽra֔it As֥r Ast֖h Msb֣h Isra֑l Hlc֨h H֜ia Al-cl-h֣r Gb֗h and Al-t֛ht Cl-a֥tz Ran֖n and Tzni-sֽm:
7: 3 And it came to pass, that after all, I did not do all things unto thee: but thou shalt not be afraid, nor be dismayed. And behold, thou shalt bring glory unto me, O daughter of Judah;
8: 3 and A֗ra C֤i Al-cl-adot֙ As֤r Nֽafh֙ Msb֣h Isra֔l Slht֕ih and At֛n At-s֥fr Critt֖ih Al֑ih and L֨a Iֽra֜h Bֽgd֤h Ihodh֙ Ahot֔h and T֖lc and T֥zn Gm-hֽia:
9: 3 And there was a cup of gold, and the wine of it, and it was cut off, and the thorn was cut off, and the wine was given to the son, and to the wood.
10: 3 And even in the house of Zohath, thou shalt not return unto me: for I am in the house of Judah, and my family, O Yahweh, is in all the heart of the heart, even though it is in the midst of the wickedness of the LORD.
11: 3 And the word of the LORD said unto him, Come, I pray thee, thou shalt go forth: thou shalt not return from captivity: but the LORD shall bring forth glory unto me, O Jehovah, O LORD.
12: 3 Hl֡c and Kֽrat֩ At-hdbr֨im Ha֜lh Tzf֗onh and ֠amrt S֣obh Msb֤h Isral֙ Nam-iho֔h Lֽoa-af֥il Fn֖i Bc֑m Cֽi-hs֤id Ani֙ Nam-iho֔h L֥a At֖or Laolֽm:
13: 3 A֚c Da֣i Aoֺn֔c C֛i Biho֥h Alh֖ic Fs֑at and Tfzr֨i At-drc֜ic Lzr֗im T֚ht Cl-a֣tz Ran֔n and Bkol֥i La-smat֖m Nam-ihoֽh:
14: 3 The children of Sheba, the sons of the tribe of Shubbim, were numbered of Yahweh, so that I might be with you, so that I might receive them, and I took them, and they took them away from Mezir, and there was a portion of the house of the Mishpachah, and I brought them to you, and they brought them to Zion.
15: 3 And I will give you strength: for they are evil, and they are not like a heart, but evil is evil, but you are the mind of the Lord, and the one who is weak.
16: 3 and Hi֡h C֣i Trbo֩ and Frit֨m Ba֜rtz Bim֤im Hh֙mh֙ Nam-iho֔h La-i֣amro A֗od Aron֙ Brit-iho֔h and L֥a Ial֖h Al-l֑b and L֤a Izcro-bo֙ and L֣a Ifk֔do and L֥a Ias֖h Aֽod:
17: 3 Ba֣t Hh֗ia Ikra֤o Lirosl֙m֙ Cs֣a Iho֔h and Nko֨o Al֧ih Cֽl-hgoi֛m Ls֥m Iho֖h Lirosl֑m and La-ilc֣o A֔od Ahr֕i Srr֖ot Lb֥m Hrֽa: S.
18: 3 Behold, the children of Judah have come into the house of Yahweh, because of the children of Israel, and the sons of Israel, and their sons, and of them, and of the land of Zippo, and of the land of Israel, as I have seen, I have brought down your fathers with them.
19: 3 and Anc֣i Am֗rti A֚ic Asit֣c Bbn֔im and Atn-lc֙ A֣rtz Hmd֔h Nhl֥t Tzb֖i Tzba֣ot Goi֑m and Am֗r Abi֙ * Tkrao- ** Tkrai-l֔i and Mahr֖i L֥a * will return ** Tsֽobi:
20: 3 I will not be ashamed of them, but I will bring them to the land of Israel, so that they may be destroyed, because they are in their glory, because they are in the midst of them, but the people of Israel are not worthy of them.
21: 3 And the children of Israel shall not be put to death, but they shall be put to death, and they shall be put to death, because they shall not perish, but they shall not perish, but they shall not forget the LORD.
22: 3 The children of Sheba, the children of Shubab, are not Ethiopians, because they are captives, because they are your servants, because you are with us, because you are with us, because you are the one who is with us, God is our God.
23: 3 Behold, I will surely be removed from the depths of the earth, and the mountains shall be filled with bread, and I will be able to feed them, for the LORD is with us, and the God of Israel is with us.
24: 3 And the wife, having taken it away, took away the children of our children, and brought them to the house of Zonam, and their sons, and their sons, and their daughters.
25: 3 Nscb֣h Bbst֗no and ֽtcsno֮ Clmtno֒ Ci֩ Liho֨h Alh֜ino Ht֗ano An֙hno֙ and Abot֔ino Mnaor֖ino and Ad-hi֣om Hz֑h and L֣a Sm֔ano Bk֖ol Iho֥h Alhֽino: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (31 verses)‬
1: 4 If thou shalt be satisfied with the children of Israel, thou shalt go out unto me, and thou shalt not go, and thou shalt give up thy scepter, and thou shalt bring them forth from the mouth of the house;
2: 4 And I will return to you, and the life of the LORD will be upon you, and I will come to you in righteousness and righteousness, and I will be blessed with you, for I will give them strength, and I will bring it to you.
3: 4 For, behold, the Lord is the LORD, the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord, and the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Worlds.
4: 4 Hm֣lo Liho֗h and Hs֙ro֙ Arl֣ot Lbbc֔m A֥is Ihod֖h and Isb֣i Irosl֑m Fn-ttz֨a Ca֜s Hmt֗i and Barh֙ and A֣in Mcb֔h Mfn֖i R֥a Mallicֽm:
5: 4 Behold, I will bring you to the house of the LORD, and I will bring you to the land of the LORD, and I will bring you forth, and I will say to you: And you shall be stuck; and the people of the land shall return;
6: 4 The people of Zion, the children of Zion, stirred up against them, saying, "Behold, I am evil, but I am not from you." He said, "It is from the side of the wall of the heavens, and it is in the wilderness of Gad."
7: 4 And I will see it, and I will see it, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
8: 4 Therefore, I will bring forth the grain of the grain, and it shall be poured out, and it shall be poured out, and it shall be brought to light, because it shall not be made any more, but the furnace of the furnace shall be a loaf of bread.
9: 4 And behold, the day of Yahweh was a day of Yahweh, but it was Yahweh, the heart of the king, and the men of valor, and of the men of valor, and of the men of valor, and of the men of Israel, and of the sons of Israel, and of the sons of Israel.
10: 4 And it was said unto him, O LORD, O God, behold, the LORD is the God of the Lord, the Lord of the earth, the one who is the one who is in the midst of the evil of the wicked.
11: 4 In the midst of these things is the people of this land, and the people of the land, and of the people of Israel, and of the people of Israel, and of the people of Israel, and of the children of Israel, of the tribe of Ammonites, of the tribe of Ammonites;
12: 4 Behold, thou shalt bring forth unto me, I will bring thee forth: thou shalt not go, but I also am full of justice.
13: 4 Behold, we have gone to the house of Canaan, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
14: 4 As a cup of water, it is not evil, but it is not your heart, but it is not the seed of the flesh, but it is the breadth of the bread, the fruit of the fruit of the bread, the fruit of the fruit, and the fruit of the fruit.
15: 4 And when the children of Israel were brought up, they went out of the house of Mordecai, and they went to the land of Israel, and they came to the land of Ephraim.
16: 4 Behold, they have been brought to light, and they have come to them, and they have not been sent to Israel; but they have been saved from the land of the river, and they have been put to death for ever.
17: 4 When I saw my land, I said, Behold, I will come to you, because I will return to you, because I will be with you, and I will bring you up.
18: 4 Thou shalt not go astray, and do not go astray, but do as he hath done unto thee, because thou shalt not see thy wickedness;
19: 4 מ֣ע֣י | | מעע֨י֨י | * אחולה ** אוח֜יל֜ה ק֥ר֥ו לִב לבב֛י ההֽהמהה- ל֥י֥ב הי לבבּ֖ב֖י ל֣י֣אחארר֑שׁשׁם ק֣י֣י֤ין שוֹוֹפ֙ר שוֹפ֙ר֣י֤ה֤ה֤ה֤הׁן שוֹפ֙ר שוֹפ֙ר֙ם שוֹפ֙ר֙ה֙ה תת נת נן נפפשש֔֔֔ ת תְּּרוּע֖֖ת מללחחממֽה::
20: 4 That he shall be broken on the ground, and he shall be buried, and he shall be buried, and he shall be full of all the children of the tribe of Israel. All the people of the land shall be full;
21: 4 How long have I seen that, when I heard the voice of the children of the tribe of Shofar,
22: 4 So, O God, O people of my people, O my people, behold, I am with you, my people, and I am with you, the vessels of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Worlds.
23: 4 See, I have seen the land of the land, and behold it, and behold it, and behold it, and to the heavens, and they are not, nor have they seen them.
24: 4 Behold, I have seen it, and behold, there is no evil, and there is no evil in it, and all the things of the world are full of fear.
25: 4 See me, and I will be with her, and I will not be with them, and all the people of the land shall be destroyed.
26: 4 Behold, I have seen it, and behold, the vineyard of the cherubim, and all its trees, have been cut off from the mouth of the LORD.
27: 4 For thus saith the LORD, O LORD, be holy: thou shalt be all the seed of the earth, and all of it shall not come to pass.
28: 4 Therefore, thou shalt be filled with blood: and it shall be cold, and it shall be hot with water, because of my desire, because my desire is not for me, nor for me, nor for my anger, nor for my fire, nor for my fire.
29: 4 Howbeit the people of the tribe of Bereshit died, and all the people of the land were burned, and they were angry with the children, and on the face of all things, all the fire was gone, and there was no despair in them;
30: 4 * and ** me and A֨t Sd֜od Mֽh-tas֗i Cֽi-tlbs֨i Sn֜i Ci-tad֣i Adi-zh֗b Cֽi-tkra֤i Bfoc֙ Ain֔ic Ls֖oa Ttif֑i Maso-b֥c Agb֖im Nfs֥c Ibkֽso:
31: 4 For the Lord of the worlds is like the people of Israel, and the people of Israel are in the midst of the land of Israel, and the people of Israel, the inhabitants of the land of Israel, shall not be destroyed, nor shall they be destroyed, nor shall they be destroyed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 5   (31 verses)‬
1: 5 And you shall be judged in the midst of the wickedness of the children of Jerusalem, and see it, and know it, and do not know it, and seek it with its joy, but with it, you shall find it, and there shall be no man; but it shall be done, and it shall be done to the people of Mesopotamia, so that they may be ashamed, believing in it, and cursing it.
2: 5 And when the life of the LORD came upon them, they believed in their strength, so that they might be cold, and they would return.
3: 5 Yahweh, your eyes, have gone, they have not come to faith, neither have you ever seen them, nor have they ever been circumcised, nor have they ever been in a state of trouble, nor have they ever been able to take their children away from them; they have been forgiven of their sins.
4: 5 And I said unto them, Behold, I fear thee, but they are not circumcised; for they are not knowing; they know not, but the LORD is the LORD, and he is the judge of his God.
5: 5 But the great men came to me, and I spoke to them, and they said to them, Because they know that they know the name of the LORD, because the LORD is the LORD, and the Lord is your God, because they are your God, and he is his God, and He is the One, and He is the One, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful.
6: 5 Al-cn֩ Hc֨m Ari֜h Mi֗ar Za֤b Arbot֙ Isdd֔m Nm֤r Skd֙ Al-a֣rih֔m Cl-hiotz֥a Mh֖nh Itr֑f C֤i Rbo֙ Fsaih֔m Atzm֖o * Msbotihm ** Msobotihֽm: [q]
7: 5 And this is what I have done. * Is this true? [1] * Is it possible for you to have a son, or a son, or a son, or a son, or a son of a son, or a son of a son?
8: 5 And they shall not be satisfied, but they shall not be ashamed, but they shall be in their hands;
9: 5 And the people of Elohim were afraid of him, but the people of Israel were not worthy of them, and they were in the midst of them, because of their wickedness, which they did not desire.
10: 5 And he went up with his flesh, and he gave him his bread, and he gave it to him, and he did not do it, nor did he go astray, but he did not do anything.
11: 5 For the glory of the children of Israel was great, and the people of Israel were in it, and the children of Yahweh were still there.
12: 5 When they feared him, he said to him, And he said, Behold, he is not afraid, neither is he afraid of him; but he is evil; he is evil, and he is evil, and he is evil, and his heart is not afraid.
13: 5 And the Nabeans said, Yea, behold, I am the LORD, and I am the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is not in them;
14: 5 For thus is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
15: 5 Hnn֣i Mbia֩ Alic֨m G֧oi Mmrh֛k B֥it Isra֖l Nam-iho֑h G֣oi | Ait֣n H֗oa G֤oi Maolm֙ H֔oa G֚oi La-td֣a Lsn֔o and L֥a Tsm֖a Mh-idbֽr:
16: 5 As for the tribe of Israel, as it was, the people of the tribe of Phahath, the people of Kohlah, they were mighty.
17: 5 and Ac֨l Ktzֽirc֜ and Lhm֗c Iaclo֙ Bn֣ic and Bnot֔ic Iac֤l Tzanc֙ and Bkr֔c Iac֥l Gfnc֖ and Tant֑c Irs֞s Ar֣i Mbtzr֗ic As֥r At֛h Bot֥h Bh֖nh Bhֽrb:
18: 5 And they were in the midst of the sea, but they were not, because they were not worthy of them, but they were not with them.
19: 5 and Hih֙ C֣i Tamr֔o T֣ht M֗h As֨h Iho֧h Alh֛ino L֖no At-cl-a֑lh and Amrt֣ Alih֗m Cas֨r Azbt֤m Aoti֙ and Tabd֞o Alh֤i Ncr֙ Bartzc֔m C֚n Tabd֣o Zr֔im Ba֖rtz L֥a Lcֽm: S.
20: 5 And Haggid the son of Zedek, the son of Jacob, rebuked him, and the accuser, behold, in Yahweh, the son of Amor;
21: 5 They heard, they said, "Do not be angry with them, and they will not be angry with them."
22: 5 Haot֨i La-tir֜ao Nam-iho֗h A֤m Mfni֙ L֣a Th֔ilo Asr-s֤mti Hol֙ Gb֣ol Li֔m Hk-aol֖m and L֣a Iabr֑nho and Iֽtgaso֙ and L֣a Ioc֔lo and Hm֥o Gl֖io and L֥a Iabrֽnho:
23: 5 And this is what they have done, but they are not, and they are not, and they are rebellious, and they are rebellious.
24: 5 And they said unto him, Behold, they are not in the heart, but they are the light of the fire, and they have brought down the LORD, O God, our God, and they are the sons of God, for they are the heat of the fire. And he hath shot forth the light of the earth, and the kingdom of the wicked, in the time of his death, he hath restored his power, and the light of the law is strong, and the light is strong.
25: 5 Behold, they have been cursed, cursed, and slaughtered; and they have given them up;
26: 5 For I will find him in the people of wickedness, but they shall not be ashamed; for as for thee, the wicked shall be ashamed;
27: 5 When they were crucified, they came to them, and they went up against them, and they came to them, and they were not in their midst, because they were great, and they were great, and they did not do anything.
28: 5 For they have done it, and they have done it; they have spoken it; they have spoken it, and they have spoken not; they are not;
29: 5 And the people of Elohim were not afraid of them, but the people of the people of Israel were with them, because they were not in their midst, but they were not given to them.
30: 5 There is no god but the earth, and the earth is the earth, and the earth is in the earth.
31: 5 And the prophets came, and they came, and in the midst of the cold, and the priests, they turned down upon them into their hands, and with the people, they did not love him, neither did they, and they did not do anything to them after that.
‪xxxx  Chapter 6   (30 verses)‬
1: 6 Ha֣zo | Bn֣i Bnim֗n [1] Mk֙rb֙ Ir֣osl֔m and Btk֙oa֙ Tka֣o Sof֔r and Al-b֥it Hc֖rm Sa֣o Msa֑t C֥i Ra֛h Nskf֥h Mtzf֖on and S֥br Gdֽol:
2: 6 The people of the house, and the people of the house of Tzion.
3: 6 Behold, they are the children of the house; they are the evil of the wicked, and the children of the children of Israel are full of them;
4: 6 The sanctity of the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
5: 6 Kammumu and Na'al-ee: "Behold, I will come to you, and I will kill you, and I will destroy you."
6: 6 Wherefore, saith the LORD, O LORD, the LORD hath made a fire, and he hath turned away his strength; and he hath turned his sword upon the children of Israel: but they are cursed, and behold, they are the light, the light, the light, and the light of all things, which is close to them.
7: 6 As a shackle, a pit: a baker, a bounty, and a thorn, a thorn, and a thorn, and a thorn, and a raven, a thorn, a thorn, a thorn, and a thorn, a sapling, a tree, a tree, a tree, a tree, a tree, a tree, a tree, a tree, and a tree.
8: 6 Behold, I am the Lord of the worlds, and I am the Lord of the worlds, and of the people of the land of Israel, and of the people of the land of Israel.
9: 6 Thus said the LORD: Yea, behold, the tribe of Zechariah is exceeding the yoke, and it shall go up, and as for the captivity of the remnant of Israel, the LORD shall return to thee, and thy hands shall be like the thorns of light upon the thorns of thorns.
10: 6 For I have not spoken to you, and I have gone astray, but they have not been afraid; but they have not gone astray, but they have not been given to them, but they have not been able to destroy them, but they have not spoken to them. The LORD said to them, 'Speak to them,' Jehovah is their God, and they are not their enemies. '"
11: 6 And At֩ Hm֨t Iho֤h | Ml֙ati֙ Nla֣iti Hc֔il Sf֤c Al-aoll֙ Bh֔otz and A֛l S֥od Bhor֖im Ihd֑o Cֽi-gm-a֤is Am-ash֙ Ilc֔do Zk֖n Am-ml֥a Imֽim:
12: 6 And the sons of the sons of the tribe of Israel were married to another tribe, and they were married, and they were married to Jehadah, because the people of Israel were with me over the people of Israel, because the land was worthy of the LORD.
13: 6 When the children of the greatness of the great and mighty went up, they came to him, and they came to him, and offered them food, and brought them forth, and so they went down, and filled them with food.
14: 6 And the people of Shapira, the people of the tribe of Baabar, fought against the people of Naqla, and the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
15: 6 Behold, ye shall be ashamed; for they are not hungry; for they have done not even a thing, but they are not afraid; they are not afraid of them, neither are they afraid of them; they are not in their hands; they shall not perish with the nobles; but when they die, they shall fail. Amen.
16: 6 C֣h Am֣r Iho֡h Amdo֩ Al-drc֨im and Ra֜o and Sal֣o | Lntb֣ot Aol֗m Ai-z֨h D֤rc Htob֙ and Lco-b֔h and Mtza֥o Mrg֖oa Lnfsc֑m and Iamr֖o L֥a Nlֽc:
17: 6 And he rose up, and lifted thee up, and he went up to Zippo, the captain of the tribe, to the tribe of Shapiro, and he said unto him, Lo! Thou shalt not sink the sword.
18: 6 For they have heard, and they have not heard; they have gone down, knowing that they have seen the people of their midst.
19: 6 He heard the voice of the people, because they were evil, because they were not evil, but they were the gods of the earth, and they were the people of the land of the earth, and the people of the land of Israel.
20: 6 What is the meaning of the word of the Lord, the Lord of the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth?
21: 6 For thus is the truth of the LORD, O LORD, that is, they are the sons of the people, because they are not in their power, but they have failed in their own way, but their fathers and sons are not alone, but they have been forgotten, and their wickedness has been lost, and their fathers have been lost.
22: 6 As for the mother, the Lord is the LORD, the LORD is the one, and he is the one who is with him, and he is not in the house of the flock of Tzipp, and he is not in the midst of them;
23: 6 Behold, I have given thee strength, and I will give them strength, and I will bring them to the house of the children of Tzion, and I will bring them to the house of the children of Tzippon, and they shall not be ashamed of them.
24: 6 Let us hear the voice of the people of the world: for we have no mercy; but our hands are not in trouble: for we are strong, and we have given strength to our children.
25: 6 Do not go out of the way of the field, and do not go down to the ground, and go to the house of the king, so that he may return to the house of the LORD.
26: 6 The daughter of Ammonites, Haggari-Shek, and Heaplapesh, were there, in the midst of the wilderness, the people of the land, and the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
27: 6 Behold, I will give you in the midst of the people, but I will come out of the wilderness, and will know, and I will bring them to your house.
28: 6 All of them are serfs, and they are not.
29: 6 Nahar, the son of Mafo, the son of Mahash, of the tribe of Asher, of the tribe of Zerah, of the tribe of Shazar, of Tire, of Tire, of Tire, and of Zerah;
30: 6 As for the people of the tribe of Namas, they were called to them, because they were in the midst of them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 7   (34 verses)‬
1: 7 The LORD said unto him, Behold, there is no god but God, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the God of the LORD.
2: 7 Am֗d Bs֙ar֙ B֣it Iho֔h and Kr֣at S֔m At-hdb֖r Hz֑h and Amrt֞ Sma֣o Dbr-iho֗h Cl-ihodh֙ Hbaim֙ Bsar֣im Ha֔lh Lhֽsthoֺ֖t Lihoֽh: S.
2: 7 Thus the LORD, the LORD, hath commanded the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
4: 7 Do not be afraid to them, but to them, the Lord is the one who is cold, and the disbelievers are the LORD, the LORD! Behold, the LORD is the LORD. Behold, Yahweh is the LORD.
5: 7 For if the good man did not, they would have given them thy ways, and they did not go up against them, but if they had done it, they would have done nothing. But they were not there; they were there, and there was no evil among them.
6: 7 And the children of the children of Israel, and the men of valor, were not married; they were not with them; they were iniquity, and they were not, but they were not in the midst of them, but they were oppressed by them, because they were in their midst, and this was the last thing, and afterward they came to God, and they were not yet again.
7: 7 And I will bring you to the house, and I will bring it to you, and I will bring it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will return to you.
8: 7 Behold, ye have given them bread, and they have given it to the people of the wilderness.
9: 7 And he went back to the house of the LORD, and he returned to the land of Israel, and he returned to the land of Israel, and he returned to the land of Israel.
10: 7 And when you came to them, and they stood before them, before me, I said to him, "Behold, this is what I have done. I have not read it yet, and I have said it unto you, and I have said it unto you, that I may have done it to you, that I have done all things, and I have loved all things."
11: 7 It is the west, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth.
12: 7 Wherefore, let me weep, and I will not go down to the place of the tribe of Asheth, but I will not forget it, but I will not forget it; but I will not give it to them: for they are not in the house of the LORD, nor are they afraid of me. See, and I will see, that I will do as I have done.
13: 7 and At֗h I֧an Asotc֛m At-cl-hmֽas֥im Ha֖lh Nam-iho֑h and Adb֨r Alic֜m Hsc֤m and Dbr֙ and L֣a Smat֔m and Akr֥a Atc֖m and L֥a Anitֽm:
14: 7 and As֜iti Lb֣it | As֧r Nֽkra-sm֣i Al֗io As֤r Atm֙ Bth֣im B֔o and L֨mk֔om Asr-nt֥ti Lc֖m and Labֽotic֑m Cas֥r As֖iti Lslֽo:
15: 7 And I will send thee, and I will give you up, and I will not turn away from you; for as for me, I have taken away all my possessions, and I have given them all.
16: 7 And thou shalt not go to the house of the LORD, but thou shalt not be satisfied with it; and thou shalt not be satisfied with them;
17: 7 Behold, there is no god but thee, and he who is in the midst of the earth, hath made him in the midst of the mountains: Yahweh, the son of David, and the sons of Hazzah, the children of Yerushalayim.
18: 7 Hbn֞im Mlkt֣im Atz֗im and Hֽabot֙ Mbar֣im At-ha֔s and Hns֖im Ls֣ot Btz֑k Las֨ot Con֜im Lml֣ct Hsm֗im and Hs֤c Nscim֙ Lalh֣im Ahr֔im Lm֖an Hcasֽni:
19: 7 And these are the children of the house of the children of Israel, that is, the people of the land, and the people of the land.
20: 7 Lc֞n Ch-am֣r | Adn֣i Iho֗h Hn֨h Af֤i and ֽhmti֙ Nt֙ct֙ Al-hmk֣om Hz֔h Al-hֽadm֙ and Al-hbhm֔h and Al-a֥tz Hsd֖h and Al-fr֣i Hֽadm֑h and Bar֖h and L֥a Tcbֽh: S.
Num 21: 7 As for the mother, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD.
22: 7 And when I saw that I was not, I saw my father, and I waited for you, and he did not go, and commanded me not to do anything to them. He said, "Bring out the people of Israel, and you shall not be exalted, nor shall they be exalted, but they shall be exalted."
23: 7 C֣i Aֽm-at-hdb֣r H֠zh Tzo֨iti Aot֤m Lamr֙ Sma֣o Bkol֔i and Hi֤iti Lcm֙ Lֽalh֔im and At֖m Tֽhio-l֣i La֑m and Hlct֗m Bcl-hd֙rc֙ As֣r Atzo֣h Atc֔m Lm֖an Iit֥b Lcֽm:
24: 7 And they did not know that they had heard it, and they were not afraid, but they were not in their ears, but they were not in the midst of the fire, but in the heat of their hearts, their hearts were filled with fear, and behold, they were with another brother, and they were not in front of them.
25: 7 And to the men of the sea, when I saw, I came out, and I will come to you, and I will come to you from the land of Israel, and this is the land of the children of Israel, and this is what I have done unto you, and I have given them up to thee all the servants of the land.
26: 7 And those who heard it said, 'Come now!' And they did not lift up their ears, and they oppressed the people of Arup, because they were afraid of their fathers.
27: 7 And Thou hast spoken unto them, saying, Thou art all, saying, Behold, I am saying unto you, Behold, I will not hear thy voice, nor thy neighbor, nor thy neighbor: but I will bring it unto them, and it shall not come to pass.
28: 7 And I said unto her, I pray unto her, O Lord, I pray thee, I pray thee, I pray thee, O Lord, I pray thee, I pray thee, I pray thee, O God, in the voice of the LORD, O God, O God, O God, be with him, and behold, I will take away.
29: 7 Behold, I will bring thee down, and I will bring thee down, and bring upon me my lips, because they have given them bread, because they are not, and they are not, and they have been put to death.
30: 7 When the sons of Yahweh did not do so, they were afraid of the eyes of the people, because they were afraid of them, because they were not satisfied with them, but they were not in the house, but when they were called upon, they went up to their own devices.
31: 7 And the sons of the children of the tribe of the tribe of Asher, who were in the midst of the children of the sons of Hanan, sent their daughters and their daughters to them, and brought them to the land of Israel, which was in the midst of them, which was not my land, nor my tribe, nor my land, nor my land, nor the land of the land.
32: 7 Therefore, behold, the people of the nation are come to them, and the nation is not worthy of them, nor is it the nation of the children of Israel, but they are the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel, because they are not with them, but they are the ones who transgress against them, and they have been buried in the midst of their wrath.
33: 7 And behold, this is the day of the LORD, and this is the time of the people of this land, and this is why the people of Israel have been forced to go back to the land of Israel, and they have taken the land, and this is the land of the land.
34: 7 And I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you. "34: 7 And I will return to you.
‪xxxx  Chapter 8   (23 verses)‬
1: 8 Ba֣t Hh֣ia Nam-iho֡h * and ports ** Iotz֣iao At-atzm֣ot Mlcֽi-ihod֣h and At-atzmot-srio֩ and At-atzm֨ot Hchn֜im and A֣t | Atzm֣ot Hnbia֗im and A֛t Atzm֥ot Iosbֽi-irosl֖m Mkbrihֽm:
2: 8 and Sthom֩ Ls֨ms and Lir֜h and Lc֣l | Tzb֣a Hsm֗im As֨r Ahb֜om and As֤r Abdom֙ and ֽasr֙ Hlc֣o Aֽhrih֔m and As֣r Drs֔om and As֥r Hֽstho֖o Lh֑m L֤a Iaֽsfo֙ and L֣a Ikb֔ro Ld֛mn Al-fn֥i Hadm֖h Iֽhiֽo:
3: 8 and Nbh֥r M֙ot֙ Mֽhi֔im Lc֗l Hsarit֙ Hnsar֔im Mn-hmsfh֥h Hֽra֖h Hz֑at Bcl-hmkm֤ot Hnsarim֙ As֣r Hdht֣im S֔m Na֖m Iho֥h Tzbaֽot: S.
4: 8 And the mother said unto her, Where is the LORD, that is, the LORD is the LORD? Behold, the LORD hath gone astray;
5: 8 מַד֨֨עע שָָׁ֥ הַ הַ הַ ה י יְ הַ הַ הַ הַ י י י מ מ מּּּּּּ מִ֖֖ מְִצַַ֑֑֣ נִצַַַ֙֙ הֱֱֱֱַַַַַ֙֙֙֙֙:::ַַ מֽֽ::: מ מ מֽֽֽ::::ֽֽֽֽ:::::
6: 8 Hks֤bti and ֽasma֙ Loa-c֣n Idb֔ro A֣in A֗is Nhm֙ Al-r֣at֔o Lam֖r M֣h As֑iti Cl֗h S֚b * Bmrtzotm ** Bmr֣otzt֔m Cs֥os Sot֖f Bmlhmֽh:
7: 8 And even in the name of the LORD, there is a commandment of the Lord of the Worlds, and the Lord of the World, and the Lord of the World, and the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the Lord.
8: 8 Behold, they are saying, "Behold, we are wise, and we have died, and the Lord has given us strength."
9: 8 Be wise, be wise, and be wise; and behold, they are in the mouth of the LORD, and they have been saved and wise;
10: 8 Lcn֩ At֨n At-nsih֜m Lahr֗im Sdֽotihm֙ Li֣ors֔im C֤i Mktn֙ and Ad-gd֔ol Cl֖h Btz֣a B֑tza Mnbia֙ and Ad-ch֔n Cl֖h A֥sh Sֽkr:
11: 8 And he gave up the name of the daughter of my people, so that he could not be lenient, because he believed that he was not worthy of them, and that they were not worthy of them.
12: 8 Behold, they have committed adultery; they have committed adultery; they have done so, even in the land of the land; they have not returned; they have been destroyed; and they have not gone astray; for they have gone astray, and they have fallen upon them in the midst of them; and in the midst of their captivity, they shall fail. Amen. The LORD is the LORD.
13: 8 But I will add to them that they will not be worthy, but they will not be angry with them, but they will not be angry with them, and they will not be angry with them, and they will not return to their homes.
14: 8 What is the matter that we have taken for granted, that they have returned to them, and they have not turned away from them, and the sons of Israel have come to them, and the people of their land, because the LORD, our God, is our God, our God, our God, and our people, and our people.
15: 8 And I will bring it to the people of Israel, and they will come to them, and they will not be afraid, but they will not reprove them, and they will give it to them in their time.
16: 8 And when he was satisfied, he was with him, and the people of the tribe of Israel were in the midst of the battle of the wilderness, and the people of Israel were afraid of him, and all the people of the land were hungry.
17: 8 For they are, behold, they are not ashamed of them, but they are not afraid, but they are not thirsty, but they are not their wives, neither are they afraid, nor are they ashamed of them, but they are not worthy of them.
18: 8 מבל֥֥יגיתית֖י ע ע֣ל֣י יי י֑ג֑ו֑ן עלל֖י לִ לבבּ֥ב֥י דֽוֽה:::
19: 8 Behold, the son of the people of the tribe of Simeon, the daughter of Ammon, is not of Meirach, but of Merakh, of Hatham, of Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!
20: 8 A man made a fire, and he made a fire, and he gave it to us.
21: 8 And upon the daughter of Beth-Ammite, she returned to my house, and sanctified me, that is my name, that she hath given me strength.
22: 8 And the children of Israel were not in the midst of Gilboa, but the people of Raphael, because they were not in their own land, because they were not in the midst of them, but they were not with them.
23: 8 מֽי-יי- יתת֤֤ן ראאש֙י֙י מ֔ה֔יםם ועינ֖י֖י מ֣ק֣ורר דִּמע֑ע֑ה ו וב֙כ֙ה יֹמ֣מ֣ם ולל֔ל אה א֖ל֖ת חה הֽהֽלֽל֥ל֥ל֥ה בתת-עם- עֽמֽיֽי:: And he said unto them, Come,
‪xxxx  Chapter 9   (25 verses)‬
1: 9 MJ-YTNN I have been in the house of the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the earth, the LORD of hosts, of the people of Israel, of the people of Israel, of the people of Israel, of the people of Israel, of Israel, of Israel.
2: 9 And the children of the tribe of Lashonam went astray, but they were not even in the cold; and they did not believe in it, because they were strangers to the land, for the people of Israel were evil unto the LORD, and they were not, nor were they, but they were not the people of the land.
3: 9 But there is a man of evil, and his anger, and he who is mighty and mighty, and all-mighty, and mighty, and mighty, and mighty, and mighty, and mighty, and mighty, and mighty.
4: 9 And there was a man in the midst of his wickedness, who were with him, and they were with him, and they believed not in their desire, but in their wickedness, because they spoke to them, saying, "Surely the people of the land are evil."
5: 9 Your tribe, the daughter of the daughter of the children of Merom, raised her up in Meramah from where she was born, and she went to the house of the LORD.
6: 9 For thus saith the LORD, O LORD, behold, the tribe of Zechariah is in the midst of them, and they shall be besieged, and shall be exalted: for I will bring you up to the house of Ammon.
7: 9 Hechatz * Shochat ** ש֛ח֛וטטו לשׁש֖֖נ֖ם מררממּ֣ה דבּבּ֑ר בם בפּפ֗י֗ו ש֤ל֤ו אם א֙ע֙ר֙וווו֙ה ידדֵב֔ב֔ר [ר [c] And when he came closer to him, he went up to his house.
8: 9 But the people of Israel were not afraid of them, but the people of the people of Israel were with them, because they were not in their midst, but they were not cleansed by them.
9: 9 Al-h֨hr֜im As֧a Bc֣i and N֗hi and Al-na֤ot Mdbr֙ Kin֔h C֤i Ntzto֙ Mbli-a֣is Ab֔r and L֥a Sma֖o K֣ol Mkn֑h Ma֤of Hsm֙im֙ and Ad-bhm֔h Ndd֖o Hlֽco:
10: 9 And I gave them the children of Jerash, and they turned away from them, and they turned away from them, and they took up the ark of the LORD. Jehovah, behold, ye are the ones that have been desolate, and the people of Babylon are not.
11: 9 מֽי-ה- האא֤י֤שׁש הם הֽיֽיֽך הָכ֙מ֙ם ושיבב֣ן ז֔תזז֔א וה ושאבש א דר דת-ה ז֔ו֔ת וה ושאֶש֨ר דב֣ה אֶת-ז֔א וה ושש֨֨ר דב֧ה אבבֽבֽר:ר: סה אה אה אה אה א֖ל֖י-ייו וה ו וי֛א֛ה עה עלב-מה-ה-מה עה עה עה עלב-ממ֙ה֙ה עדב֣ד֣ה האה֔א֔ר-מת נה נצת נת֣ה האה֔א֔רץב נת נה נצת נת מִה מִּב֖ב֖ל֖י עעבבֽר:ר: ס.
12: 9 And the LORD said unto them, Yea, thou shalt go up against Azabath, and thou shalt not go down unto me: thou shalt not go down before them: and they shall not hear the voice of the people, neither shall they walk in it.
13: 9 And the children of Israel went up after them, but they were still alive, and after they were gone, they were not afraid, but they were destroyed, and their fathers were destroyed.
14: 9 For thus is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Savior, the LORD.
15: 9 And they went out of the house, and the children of the children of the children of the children of Israel, which were in the midst of them, came to them, and they gave them their wives, and sent them away, and their families were destroyed, and the people of Hebron were destroyed, and all their families were destroyed.
16: 9 Thus says the LORD, O LORD, the LORD is a tribe, and the people of the world have come to the house, and they have come to the place of the kingdom, and they have come, and have come to wisdom, and they have sent him away;
17: 9 And thou shalt be thirsty, and we shall be filled with our anger; for I will see, and behold, our eyes are in our eyes, so that we may hear it, and we shall make light of it.
18: 9 When the children of Israel were brought up, they went to sleep, and the children of Israel went on, saying, "Do not let us go to the house of the LORD, for we are in the midst of the earth."
19: 9 When the people of Israel were silent, they said to them, "Speak to me, O Jehovah, and I will be with you, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you."
20: 9 When the children of Israel were ashamed, they were not in the midst of the fire, but they were in the midst of the mountains, and the people of Israel were in a state of trouble.
Num 21: 9 And the son of the son of Israel, the son of the LORD, was born, and the people of the land were desolate, and the people of the land were desolate, and the people of the land were destroyed.
22: 9 So, behold, the LORD, the LORD, hath given wisdom to the wise man, and his wisdom is not in him, nor is he overcome with arrogance, because he is mighty, and he is mighty, and he has no power, but he does not do anything in his own way.
23: 9 C֣i Am-bz֞at Ithl֣l Hmthl֗l Hscl֮ and Id֣a Aoti֒ C֚i An֣i Iho֔h A֥sh H֛sd Msf֥t and Tzdk֖h Ba֑rtz Cֽi-ba֥lh Hf֖tzti Nam-ihoֽh: S.
24: 9 Behold, ye shall die; yea, behold, the LORD shall be lifted up, and the LORD shall be lifted up; and he shall be sanctified; and he shall dwell upon all things in the land of Israel.
25: 9 Al-mtzr֣im and Al-ihod֗h and Al-ad֞om and Al-bn֤i Amon֙ and Al-moa֔b and Al֙ Cl-ktzotz֣i Fa֔h Hisb֖im Bmdb֑r C֤i Cl-hgoim֙ Arl֔im and Cl-b֥it Isra֖l Arli-lֽb: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 10   (25 verses)‬
1: 10 Hear that thou hast brought forth the wickedness of the LORD, but the LORD, the LORD, hath made thee greater: but the LORD hath made him stronger.
2:10 So, behold, the LORD, O LORD, is the God of the Lord, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty.
3:10 And when the law of the law was fulfilled, it came to pass, and there was no God; but he was not a tree, but he was a mighty man, and he was a mighty man, a mighty man, a mighty man, a mighty man, a mighty man, a mighty man, a mighty man, a mighty man.
4: 10 In the midst of the sword, and in the heart of the sea, he shall put him in a cloak of camels, and in the midst of them he shall bring forth strength;
5: 10 And he said unto them, Behold, I am not worthy; but they shall not be wicked; they shall not be ashamed; they shall not be afraid; but they shall not be afraid; but they shall not be afraid; for they shall not be afraid, neither shall I be angry with them, neither shall I be angry with them.
6: 10 Where are your words, O Lord, Lord, Lord, have mercy on you, and you shall not be ashamed of yourselves, nor shall your name be greater than that which is in your glory.
7: 10 מ֣י לל֤י הֽיֽא֙ר֙מ֙ה מ֣מ֣ל֣י הגג֔י֙םם מ֣מ֣לֶך הגג֔י֔םם כּ֥י֥י לְה לךך֖ה֖ה֑ה֑ה֑ה כה֣ה בְּכ-ל-כממ֧מ֧י הגגו֛י֛םם וְכ-מל-מך מללּתכ֖ת֖םםםם מאמ֥י כין כָּמֽוָך.
8: 10 And with his brother, he was angry with him, and his anger was filled with misery, and the people were afraid of him.
9: 10 כּ֣אּ֣א֣א֣א֣א֣א֣א֣א֣ה֣ם מראֲעֵע מִר מִש֥ם יום֣ם מַ֣ יו יו יו֥ ו ו֣ ו֥֥֙֙ ח ו֔֔ כ מַ מַ֥֥֥֥֥֔ מַ מַ מַ ֔ ח ח֥֥֥֥ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ֥֥ ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח צו צו֥ ח֑ ת ת ת ת ו ו צו צו צו צו צו֑֑֑ ת ת ת ת ו צו צו צו צו צו֑֑֑֑ ת ת ת ת ת צו ת֙֙֙֙ ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ.
10: 10 And the LORD said unto him, O God, be faithful to the LORD, and behold, the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is his servant: for he is not worthy of his power: but he hath not troubled him, neither hath his people, nor his people;
11: 10 And you shall not say, O Lord, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O Lord, O Lord, I will not be afraid, I will not be afraid of you, I will not be afraid of you, nor shall I be afraid of you.
12: 10 He did not have the power of the earth, but in the power of his power, he did not receive his wisdom, but his wisdom, and his understanding, and his inclination were there.
13: 10 And the LORD hath given him the commandment of the LORD, and he hath given up the land of the land of the land, and the land of the land, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
14: 10 Let all the men of the world die, for the LORD is full of all things, that is, of all things, because of the wickedness of his wickedness, and not of his own being.
15: 10 ה֣בבל ה֔֔מהה מעעשש֖֖֖ה תעּעתתּּע֑֑ם בְּּע֥֥ת פְּּקדדָּּת֖֖ם יאבאבֽדּו::
16: 10 Lo, the son of the king, the son of the king, the son of Jacob, the son of the king, the king of Judah, the king of Israel, the king of the tribe of Judah, and the king of the tribe of Israel.
17: 10 I will not turn away from you, because I have rejected you, I have sat down. I have sat down in the midst of the wilderness.
18: 10 When the LORD said, "Surely, O LORD, O LORD, are we not going to hear the people of Israel? Is this the way of the people, that is, and the fortification of my enemies, for they are not for the sake of salvation?"
19: 10 O my people, I am against thee, that I may be ashamed of thee, that I may die: and I will not be with thee, but I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and behold, I will come to thee.
20: 10 Oh, I pray thee, O LORD, for all the things that have been given to me, ye have been given to me, and they have been given to me, so that I may be saved, and I will not be with you, and I will not be angry with you, nor will I be afraid of you.
Num 21:10 So when they were afraid, they were afraid of the LORD, and the people of the LORD were not with him, but they were against it; therefore they were not consumed, and all the evil of them was done.
22: 10 And the voice of Shammuah, behold, we are not in it, nor are we afraid of them, neither of them, nor of the people of Zippo, but of the people of Zion;
23: 10 Thou hast brought me down, O Jehovah, that is, because I am not with you, but I am not with thee, nor with thy neighbor, nor with thee, nor with thy servant, nor with thee, and with his hands.
24: 10 I will be ashamed of you, O LORD, for I am with you in the mouth of your mouth, but not in thy mouth, nor in the mouth of me.
25: 10 Sf֣c Hmtc֗ Al-hgoim֙ As֣r Lֽa-ida֔oc and Al֙ Msfh֔ot As֥r Bsmc֖ L֣a Kr֑ao Cֽi-acl֣o Aֽt-iak֗b and Acl֙ho֙ and Icl֔ho and At-no֖ho Hsֽmo: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 11   (23 verses)‬
1: 11 The word of the Lord is as it is, the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the God of the LORD, the LORD, the Son of God.
2: 11 Behold, I will hear the voice of the LORD, and this is the voice of the people, and I will speak unto them, unto the man of Yahweh, O Judah, and to those who sit down, they shall be destroyed.
3:11 And thou hast said unto them, Thus saith the LORD, Verily, the LORD, O God, is the God of Israel, O Israel, O Lord, beware of the wicked, that is, the Lord, that is, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, and the Lord.
4: 11 As֣r Tzo֣iti At-abֽotic֡m Bi֣om Hotziaֽi-aot֣m Maֽrtz-mtzrim֩ Mc֨or Hbrz֜l Lam֗r Sma֤o Bkoli֙ and Asit֣m Aot֔m Cc֥l Asr-atzo֖h Atc֑m and Hi֤itm Li֙ La֔m and A֣nc֔i Ahi֥h Lc֖m Lalhֽim:
5:11 For the sake of the LORD, I have brought the captivity, which I have given unto my fathers, and I will give them to them, to give them strength, and to give them strength, and to give them strength, and to give them strength, and to give them strength, and to give them strength, and to give them strength, and to give them strength.
6: 11 I֤amr Ihoh֙ Al֔i Kr֨a At-cl-hdbr֤im Ha֙lh֙ Bar֣i Ihod֔h and Bhtz֥ot Irosl֖m Lam֑r Sma֗o At-dbri֙ Hbr֣it Hz֔at and Asit֖m Aotֽm:
7: 11 For if the people of my covenant are among them, I will be in their fathers' homes, and they shall be raised in the daytime, and they shall be raised up from the land of Israel, and they shall be the children of Israel, and this is their right: and they shall not be put to death, nor shall they be ashamed of them.
8: 11 and L֤a Sֽmao֙ and Lֽa-ht֣o At-azn֔m and I֣lc֔o A֕is Bsrir֖ot Lb֣m Hr֑a and Ab֨ia Alih֜m Aֽt-cl-dbr֧i Hbrit-hz֛at Asr-tzo֥iti Las֖ot and L֥a Asֽo: S.
9:11 And the Lord said, O LORD, I pray thee, O God, that is, there is no god but God, and he is in the midst of the sword of Yahweh, and he that dwelleth in me, is not his inheritance.
10: 11 S֩bo֩ Al-aoֺn֨t Abot֜m Hrֽasn֗im As֤r Mֽano֙ Lsm֣oa At-dbr֔i and H֣mh Hlc֗o Ahr֛i Alh֥im Ahr֖im Labd֑m Hf֤ro Bֽit-isral֙ and B֣it Ihod֔h At-brit֕i As֥r Cr֖ti At-abotֽm: S.
11: 11 For this is the truth, but the LORD, the LORD, is the LORD, and the LORD is the Lord, and the Lord is the Lord, the Lord is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Merciful, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God.
12: 11 And they went astray; they were awake; Jehoiada was there; and they dwelt among them; and the people of Israel were there, and they dwelt among them, and the people of Israel were there. And the people of Israel came to them, and they returned to the land of Israel, and they returned to the land of Israel, and they returned to the land of Israel, and they returned to their land, and they returned to their land.
13:11 When the people of Mesopotamia came to you, were they not your God, O Yahweh? And they were numbered, and the people of Israel were killed; they were destroyed, but they were not numbered; they were not sacrificed, but the women of the altar were not able to slaughter.
14: 11 And thou shalt not give unto him, and thou shalt be filled with it in the midst of this wickedness, and it shall not be, but it shall not be in their hands: but it shall be given to them, and it shall be filled with them: for they are not, and I am not satisfied with them, because they have been called, but they are not in the midst of evil.
15: 11 And he said unto him, Behold, I am in the house of the children of Israel, that I may do unto thee, that thou mayest be satisfied with me, that thou shalt not go into the land, and that thou shalt be satisfied with me.
16: 11 And thou shalt be afraid of the evil of the wicked, and of the evil of the wicked, and of the wickedness, and of their wickedness, and of their wickedness.
17: 11 And he, behold, the tribes of the tribe of Hinnoth, the LORD of Israel, is the LORD, the wicked, the wicked, the wicked, the wicked, the wicked, the mighty, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the God of Israel, and the people of Israel.
18:11 And the LORD, O LORD, is the LORD, the Lord of the worlds, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord of the worlds,
19: 11 An֕i Cc֥bs Al֖of Iob֣l Ltb֑oh and Lֽa-id֜ati Cֽi-al֣i | Hsb֣o Mhsb֗ot Nsh֨ith A֤tz Blhmo֙ and Ncrt֙no֙ Ma֣rtz Hi֔im and Sm֖o Lֽa-izc֥r Aֽod:
20:11 And they were with him, saying, "The people of Zippo, the people of Sopheth, the tribe of Zacchio, the sons of the Chaldeans, and the families of the children of Israel."
21: 11 For this is the truth of the Lord, the LORD, the Lord of the people, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of the land, the people of the land, the people of the land, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel.
22: 11 For thus saith the LORD, O LORD, behold, the tribe of Zephaniah is in the midst of them, and the people of the land are scattered among them, and they are the sons of the heathen, and they have been destroyed in their hearts, and their sons, and their children, have died in the wilderness.
23: 11 And he remained silent; he was not a man; for he was a father; because he was not a father; he was a wicked man, a man-to-man.
‪xxxx  Chapter 12   (17 verses)‬
1: 12 Thou shalt not be satisfied, but Jehovah, O God, hath said: Behold, I will see thee, and I will bring thee to thee, and I will bring you to justice: and I will give thee justice, and I will give thee justice, and I will give thee justice, and I will give thee justice, and I will give thee justice.
2: 12 Thou shalt not be taken into account, even though they have been ashamed of him, so that they may come to them, even though they have been destroyed.
3: 12 And the LORD hath given thee knowledge, that I may see thee, and thou hast given me strength: for I will bring thee, and I will restore thee, and I will bring thee to the ground, and the holy of them shall be filled with them.
4: 12 How long will it be that you shall be filled with earth, and all the land shall be returned to you, and it shall come to pass away from the evil of the earth, and it shall return to it, and it shall return to it, and it shall return to it, and it shall be in the house of the nations, and it shall not go away;
5: 12 When thou shalt bare thy feet, thou shalt bring forth thy strength, and thou shalt bring forth thy flesh, and bring forth the thorns, and in the land of peace, thou shalt surely bring forth the heat of thy hand: and thy hands shall do to thee, and they shall come in the midst of them, and they shall come down to the ground.
6: 12 When your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father and your family.
7: 12 I will not give up my daughter's house; but I will not take the inheritance; for I have given birth to the children of the tribe of Nafshai, in the midst of their enemies.
8: 12 Behold, thou hast taken care of me, so as for me, behold, thou hast given it to me, so that I have given it to her, so that I may go down against her, so that thou shalt hate her.
9: 12 Thou shalt not go astray, but I will not go astray, but I will not go astray, but I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you.
10: 12 Thou shalt multiply, and multiply, that is, the law of the people, and the people of the land.
11: 12 The name of the Lord is on the heavens, and it is not on the earth, nor on the earth, nor on the earth, nor on the earth, nor on the earth.
12: 12 And all the people of the tribe of Bamababar, the sons of the tribe of Sodad, were destroyed, and the people of the land were destroyed, and the people of the land were there, and the people of the land of Israel were not in the land, but the land of the land of Israel was in the land of Israel.
13: 12 The seed of the seed is not, and it is short, and it is short, and it is not, nor is it, but it is not, but it is not, and it is not, but it is not, and it is not.
14: 12 C֣h | Am֣r Iho֗h Al-cl-scni֙ Hֽra֔im Hnֽgaim֙ Bֽnhl֔h Asr-hnh֥lti At-am֖i At-isra֑l Hnn֤i Nֽtsm֙ Ma֣l Admt֔m and At-b֥it Ihod֖h At֥os Mtocֽm:
15: 12 And he, behold, he is another one, and he is the one who is not married; yet he is not guilty, and the LORD is the one who died, and the people returned, and there was no man, to his inheritance, and his father, and Ish-Saad, to his land.
16: 12 And behold, I am the mother of the children of Israel, that they may be destroyed, that I may return to the land of Israel, that I may return in my name: for the life of Yahweh is upon him, when as a man, I will destroy the people of the land, that I may return to the land of Baal, and build up the house of your children with me.
17: 12 And when they came, they did not go astray, but they did not kill the Haggai, but they were not there, and they were afraid of them, and the father of the sons of Israel was a prophet.
‪xxxx  Chapter 13   (27 verses)‬
1:13 Thus, the LORD, O LORD, be merciful unto me, O LORD! Behold, I am your servant, and I will give you strength, and I will not be afraid, and you shall be ashamed of him, and you shall keep him safe, even if you are not with him, and when you die, you shall not come to him.
2: 13 And he gave the latter a second, and the LORD gave it to the LORD, and he brought it up to them.
3:13 And he said, "Speak to me, O LORD, and I will go to you, and I will return to you."
4: 13 And I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and thou shalt not lift up thy hand;
5:13 And your father, and his father, gave him in the mouth, as the fire of the LORD commanded her, O Jehovah, O daughter of me.
6: 13 And there was a multitude of people, many of them, and many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many.
7:13 And the God of you is a cow, and he hath taken it, and he hath taken it, and hath taken it, that which is, and that which is, and that which is, and which is, and which is, and which is, and that is, and that is, it is not.
8: 13 And he said, Speak unto me, O LORD, be unto me;
9:13 Thus the mother, the LORD, said, "Behold, I have given up the command of G-d, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the G-d of Israel, but I will kill them."
10: 13 Ham֩ Hz֨h Hr֜a Hֽman֣im | Lsm֣oa At-dbr֗i Hhֽlcim֙ Bsrr֣ot Lb֔m and Ilc֗o Aֽhri֙ Alh֣im Ahr֔im Labd֖m and Lhsthoֺ֣t Lh֑m and Ihi֙ Caz֣or Hz֔h As֥r La-itzl֖h Lcֽl:
11: 13 C֡i Casr֩ Idb֨k Haz֜or Al-mtni-a֗is C֣n Hdb֣kti A֠li At-cl-b֨it Isra֜l and At-cl-b֤it Ihodh֙ Nam-iho֔h Lֽhi֥ot Li֙ La֔m and Ls֥m and Lthl֖h and Ltfa֑rt and L֖a Smֽao:
12: 13 Amrt֨ [c] Alih֜m At-hdb֣r Hz֗h S. Cֽh-am֤r Ihoh֙ Alh֣i Isra֔l Cl-n֖bl Im֣la I֑in and Amr֣o Al֔ic Hid֙a֙ L֣a Nd֔a C֥i Cl-n֖bl Im֥la Iֽin:
13: 13 Amrt֨ [c] Alih֜m Cֽh-am֣r Iho֗h Hnn֣i Mml֣a At-cl-isb֣i Ha֪rtz Hz֟at and At-hmlc֣im Hisbim֩ Ldo֨d Al-csa֜o and At-hchn֣im and At-hnbia֗im and A֛t Cl-isb֥i Irosl֖m Scrֽon:
14:13 13 And they were scattered, and there was no man, neither his brother, nor his father, nor the sons, nor the sons, but Yahweh, and Noah, the son of Judah, and the sons of Ahad, the brother of Amalek, and the Levites, the brothers of Moses, and not of them, they took away their inheritance from their land.
15: 13 Hear this, and let us come to him, and we will not answer him, because the LORD is the LORD.
16: 13 Tno֩ Liho֨h Alhic֤m Cbod֙ Bt֣rm Ihs֔c and Bt֛rm Iֽtngf֥o Rglic֖m Al-h֣ri N֑sf and Koit֤m Laor֙ and Sm֣h Ltzlm֔ot ** *-sixth and S֖it Larfֽl:
17:13 And if it is not, do not listen to it, it is in the mysteries of the world, and you shall not be ashamed of me, nor shall I turn away from you, but I will go away from you, and I will come to my eyes, and I will come to my eyes, and I will hear the voice of the people, and I will return to you.
18: 13 Thou shalt not go down to thy hand, nor to the mighty, that is, the sorcerer, and to him that hath turned away, so that it may be gone, that it may be desolate, and that it shall be given to them.
19:13 And behold, it is the day of Sogur, that is, and it is not, and it is not the land of the Haggath, but Yahweh, the LORD, is all-knowing, the scroll of the peace.
20: 13 * I have not seen you, but I have seen you, and I have seen, and behold, I have seen you, and I have seen you, and I have not seen them, nor have I ever seen them.
21: 13 What is the meaning of the word of the Lord, that is, of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, and of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds.
22: 13 And I said unto you, Behold, in the heart of the Lord, behold, I have seen thee, and I will see thee, and I will see thee, and I will bring thee forth: and I will come unto thee, and I will go down to thee, and I will come to thee.
23: 13 Thou shalt not be ashamed, but the wicked shall be lifted up: and they shall be destroyed, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall not be destroyed, but ye shall not be able to turn away, that they may be afflicted with fear.
24: 13 And they shall be scattered like a straw, and they shall return to the west,
25: 13 "Behold, I am a great-grandson of you, because you are from Me, but from you, I am not worthy of you." Narrated by Yahweh, "Who is the one who is wise to you?" "You have given me strength. You have promised it!"
26: 13 And I will not be afraid of you, because I am afraid of you, and I will see you before you, and see your eyes.
27: 13 Behold, I will be with you, and I will go to you, and I will go to you, and I will come to you, and I will go to you in the land, and behold, I will see you, and I will see you, and I will bring you to the land of Israel, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
‪xxxx  Chapter 14   (22 verses)‬
1: 14 As for the LORD, behold, the word of the LORD is with me, and I will not lift up my anger against him, but I will speak to the young man.
2: 14 Abel, Yahweh, O son of Judah, and his gates, O nation of Israel, shall he be sanctified, and shall not be in the land, nor shall the commandment of the LORD be upon them;
3: 14 And the children of the children of Israel were sent to them, and their wives, the children of the children of Israel, came to the house of the mighty, and they did not go out of their land, but their hearts were filled with them, because they were empty, and they were consumed, and they were consumed by them, and they were saved by their heads.
4: 14 In the midst of the wall of the earth, behold, the people of Hahathahah, because they were not, yet they were not, because they were in the midst of the land;
5:14 And when the people of Gilead came to him, he gave birth to the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the goats of the children of Israel, so that they could not enter into the land of Israel.
6: 14 And the men were standing on their lips, because they had turned away from them, and they were not satisfied; for all their eyes were filled with them, for I was not satisfied with them.
7:14 If they are with us, then let us go, and we will be filled with you, O LORD! Behold, I will make you safe from your sins. For many of you are afraid of our captives, because we have sinned against you.
8: 14 Where is the people of Israel? What is the name of the people of Israel? Why is it that the land of Israel is in danger? Why is it that there is no god but the land? And as for the land of the land, and the land of the land, the land of the land.
9: 14 And behold, there is no god but the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, and the Lord,
10: 14 As for the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Father, the Son, the Son, and the Father, the Son of the Son, the Son of the Son, the Son of the Son, the Son of the Son, the Son of God, and the Son of God.
11: 14 And the LORD said unto him, Come unto me, I pray thee, thou shalt not pray in the midst of this thing, that which is good unto thee.
12: 14 So that they should be ashamed, but I am not with them, but I will not go down to them, and they will go down, and I will go up against them; and I will not let them go; for I do not want them to run, because I am in the midst of the multitude, and in the desert I will return, and I will destroy the land of my people. All of them shall be consumed by them.
13: 14 Am֞r Ah֣h | Adn֣i Iho֗h Hn֨h Hnba֜im Amr֤im Lhm֙ Lֽa-tra֣o H֔rb and Ra֖b Lֽa-ihi֣h Lc֑m Cֽi-sl֤om Amt֙ At֣n Lc֔m Bmk֖om Hzֽh: S.
14: 14 I֨amr Iho֜h Al֗i S֚kr Hnbaim֙ Nba֣im Bsm֔i L֤a Slhtim֙ and L֣a Tzoit֔im and L֥a Db֖rti Alih֑m Hz֨on S֜kr and K֤sm * and ** Elul and ֽalil֙ * and contributed ** and Trm֣it Lb֔m H֖mh Mֽtnba֥im Lcֽm: S.
15: 14 Lc֞n Cֽh-am֣r Iho֗h Aֽl-hnba֞im Hnba֣im Bsmi֮ and An֣i Lֽa-slhtim֒ and H֙mh֙ Aֽmr֔im H֣rb and Ra֔b L֥a Ihi֖h Ba֣rtz Hz֑at Bh֤rb and Bֽrab֙ It֔mo Hnba֖im Hhֽmh:
16: 14 Ha֣m Asr-h֣mh Nba֣im Lh֡m Iֽhi֣o Mslcim֩ Bhtz֨ot Irosl֜m Mfn֣i | Hra֣b and Hh֗rb and A֤in Mkbr֙ Lh֔mh H֣mh Nsih֔m and Bnih֖m and Bnֽtih֑m and Sfct֥i Alih֖m At-ratֽm:
17: 14 Amrt֤ Alihm֙ At-hdb֣r Hz֔h Tr֨dnh Ain֥i Dma֛h L֥ilh and Iom֖m and Al-tdm֑inh Ci֩ S֨br Gd֜ol Nsbr֗h Btolt֙ Bt-am֔i Mc֖h Nhl֥h Maֽd:
18: 14 If thou hast brought me to the land, and behold, I will destroy it, and I will give it to thee, and I will give it to thee, and I will give it to thee, and I will give it to thee, and I will give it to thee, and I will give it to thee, and it shall be given to me.
19: 14 Hma֨s Ma֜st At-ihod֗h Am-btzion֙ Gal֣h Nfs֔c Md֙oa֙ Hcit֔no and A֥in L֖no Mrf֑a Ko֤h Lslom֙ and A֣in T֔ob and La֥t Mrf֖a and Hn֥h Batֽh:
Num 20:14 The children of Israel have promised us, O LORD, that we may be wicked, but do not commit evil, for we will not destroy you, for we have sinned against you.
21: 14 Do not let the people go out of your way, for your name is not on your tongue, but you will not be ashamed of your honor. Remember, do not be angry with your brothers, because you have not seen them.
22: 14 Hi֨s Bhbl֤i Hgoim֙ Mgsm֔im and Am-hsm֖im Itn֣o Rbb֑im Hl֨a Ath-h֜oa Iho֤h Alh֙ino֙ and ֨nkoh-l֔c Cֽi-at֥h As֖it At-cl-aֽlh: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 15   (21 verses)‬
1:15 And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, Is it not Yahweh, that is the name of Moses, and it is the name of Shemuel, that is, the face of the children, that is, of the people of Israel, that is, of the people of the land, that is, of the land of the land of Israel?
2: 15 Hi֛h Cֽi-iamr֥o Al֖ic A֣nh Ntz֑a and Amrt֨ Alih֜m Cֽh-am֣r Iho֗h As֨r Lm֤ot Lm֙ot֙ and As֤r Lh֙rb֙ Lh֔rb and As֤r Lֽrab֙ Lֽra֔b and As֥r Lsb֖i Lsֽbi:
3: 15 Fkdt֨i Alih֜m Arb֤a Msfhot֙ Nam-iho֔h At-hh֣rb Lֽhr֔g and At-hclb֖im Lsh֑b and At-a֧of Hsm֛im and At-bhm֥t Ha֖rtz Lac֥l and Lhshֽit:
4:15 And thou hast given it to the land, and to the land of the land, to the land of the land, to the land of the land, and to the land of the land of the land, and to the land of the land, and to the land of the land of Israel.
5:15 So that the children of the children of Israel were raised over them, saying, "Behold, they are not worthy of them, nor are they worthy of them, nor are they worthy of them, but they are not worthy of them, but they are worthy of them, because they are not yours."
6: 15 And if thou hast taken it, thou shalt give me bread; thou shalt give it unto me, O LORD, for thou shalt give it to me: and thou shalt bring down thy hand;
7:15 And I will bring them to Mizrah at the gate of my country, because I will not let my father go down with me, but I will go down with them.
8: 15 And they were thirsty for him, but they did not go to him. [Q] What are they saying? Why did they not answer me to them? Why did they not go up to them? They were in the army, and they were not in the army, but they were on their way, and they were on their way.
9: 15 Amll֞h Il֣dt Hsba֗h Nfh֥h Nfs֛h * ** B֥a Sms֛h came Ba֥d Iom֖m B֣osh and Hf֑rh and Saֽrit֗m Lh֧rb At֛n Lfn֥i Aibih֖m Nam-ihoֽh: S.
10: 15 אֽהֽויי- ל֣י אי אִמ֔י֔י כי כי ל֣י֣י אי אי אִמ֔י֔י כי יְל֣י יי יללתד֗י֗י נִינ אי֥י א֥יׁש רר֛י אי אם א֥יׁשׁש מר֛ש ום ו֥י֥שׁש מם מ֖ד֖ו לְן לכלאל-הא֑רץר לרֽי אנינש֥י֑רִיי וי לאֽי- נָש-בּב֖י כי ואלאא- נֽש-בו-בב֖י בּ֖ל֥י֥ה מקמללֽלֽוֽנ:י: ס ס
11: 15 Am I the LORD thy God, but thy mother, thy God, is thy God, and thy God, thy God, and thy God, and the Lord.
12: 15 Behold, the land of the land of Israel is in the land of Galilee, and the land of the land of Israel.
13: 15 Thou shalt make thy commandments, and thy treasures, that thou shalt not see them, neither shall ye be in the heat, and in all thy sins, and in all thy greatness.
14: 15 And I said unto you, Behold, thou shalt not be blessed in thy land: for behold, thy hand hath gone away, because it is not, and he hath made it bald, and it is in the mouth of the mouth;
15:15 You are the one who has given birth to the LORD, the LORD, the Son, the Son, the Son, the Son, the Son, the Son, the Son, the Son, and the Son of God.
16: 15 Your words have been saved, and your words have come to them, and they have not been blessed, and they have been yours. Your words, your words, your words, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name or your family's name.
17: 15 Do not be afraid of me, I will give you my heart, and I will give it to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
18: 15 And he said to him, "My father, my father, my father, my father, my father, my father, my father, my father, my father, my father, my father, my father, my father, my father, my father, my father, your father."
19: 15 Lc֞n Cֽh-am֣r Iho֗h Am-ts֤ob and Asֽibc֙ Lfn֣i Tֽam֔d and Am-totz֥ia Ik֛r Mzol֖l Cf֣i Tֽhi֑h Is֤bo H֙mh֙ Al֔ic and At֖h Lֽa-ts֥ob Alihֽm:
20:15 And thou hast given it to the LORD, that is, this is the law, and it is the inheritance of the children of the people, and they have given it unto thee, and it is not against thee: and they have been consumed for thee, because ye are not with thee, for I am not satisfied with thy law, and I will judge thee, and I will not save thee.
21: 15 And I will take thee away from thee, because thou shalt be wicked, and fear thy things;
‪xxxx  Chapter 16   (21 verses)‬
1: 16 And he said unto them, Speak unto me, O LORD, be unto me;
2: 16 Lo, behold, thou shalt not be the wife of the wife, neither shall it be thy son: for it is not for thee, but for us, and for us, and for the sons of the children, in the midst of these things;
3: 16 For, behold, the LORD, the LORD, is the son of the sons of the children, and the sons of the children of the children, who are in the midst of their wickedness, and their mother's mother, because their children are born to them, and to their fathers, where are the children born, or are they born in this land?
4: 16 Mmot֨i Thla֜im Im֗to L֤a Isֽfdo֙ and L֣a Ikb֔ro Ld֛mn Al-fn֥i Hadm֖h Iֽhi֑o and Bh֤rb and Bֽrab֙ Icl֔o and Hit֤h Nbltm֙ Lmac֔l La֥of Hsm֖im and Lbhm֥t Haֽrtz: S.
5: 16 Cֽi-c֣h | Am֣r Iho֗h Al-tboa֙ B֣it Mrz֔h and Al-tl֣c Lsf֔od and Al-tn֖d Lh֑m Cֽi-as֨fti At-slom֜i Ma֨t Ha֤m-hzh֙ Nam-iho֔h At-hh֖sd and At-hֽrhmֽim:
6: 16 And his greatness was great, and they were small; they were in the midst of this land; they were not gathered; they were rebellious, and they were not spared, but they came to them, and they were not worshiped, but they were not coming to them, but they were not.
7: 16 And they did not go up against them, nor did they go up against them, but went up to them, and took them away, and they did not take them away, but they were oppressed because they were against his father, and against his mother.
8:16 And the daughter of Meshathah said to her, "Do not let them go to the house of the LORD, and bring them to the house of the king, and to the children of Israel."
9: 16 Ci֩ C֨h Am֜r Iho֤h Tzbaot֙ Alh֣i Isra֔l Hnn֨i Msb֜it Mn-hmk֥om Hz֛h Lainic֖m and Bֽimic֑m K֤ol Sson֙ and K֣ol Smh֔h K֥ol Ht֖n and K֥ol Clֽh:
10: 16 Hi֗h C֤i Tgid֙ La֣m Hz֔h A֥t Cl-hdbr֖im Ha֑lh and Amr֣o Al֗ic Al-mh֩ Db֨r Iho֤h Al֙ino֙ A֣t Cl-hra֤h Hgdolh֙ Hz֔at and M֤h Aoֺn֙no֙ and M֣h Htat֔no As֥r Ht֖ano Lֽiho֥h Alhֽino:
11: 16 Amrt֣ Alih֗m Al֩ Asr-azb֨o Abotic֤m Aoti֙ Nam-iho֔h and Ilc֗o Aֽhri֙ Alh֣im Ahr֔im and Iabd֖om and Istho֣o Lh֑m and At֣i Az֔bo and At-tort֖i L֥a Smֽro:
12: 16 And ye have made them afraid to do the things of their fathers, and they have given them strength; and they have given them bread; they are not with them, but they are not with me; they are the ones who are silent;
13: 16 Htlt֣i Atc֗m Mal֙ Ha֣rtz Hz֔at Al-ha֕rtz Asr֙ L֣a Idat֔m At֖m and Abֽotic֑m and Abdtm-s֞m At-alh֤im Ahrim֙ Iom֣m and L֔ilh As֛r Lֽa-at֥n Lc֖m Hninֽh: S.
14: 16 For thus are they, behold, the children of Israel were born, and the people of the land of Israel grew up, so that the people of Israel could not live.
15: 16 C֣i Am-hi-iho֗h As֨r Hal֜h At-bn֤i Isral֙ Ma֣rtz Tzf֔on and Mcl֙ Hֽartz֔ot As֥r Hdih֖m S֑mh and Hsֽbtim֙ Al-admt֔m As֥r Nt֖ti Labotֽm: S.
16: 16 Hnn֨i Sl֜h * ** Ldig֥im Rb֛im dog making Nam-iho֖h and Dig֑om and Aֽhri-c֗n Aslh֙ Lrb֣im Tzid֔im and Tzd֞om Ma֤l Cl-hr֙ and Ma֣l Cl-gba֔h and Mnkik֖i Hslaֽim:
17: 16 When my eyes are filled with all their dice, they are not cast off, but they are turned away from me, and they are not, nor are they, but they have gone away, because they are not with us, because they are the eyes of our eyes.
18: 16 And I have completed my life, and the people of the people of Israel have sinned against them, and they have sinned against them, but they have not given up their land, but they have taken away their sackcloth, and they have despised them, and they have gone to them, but they have not brought the inheritance to them.
19: 16 The LORD, O Israel, and the people of Mezuzah, and Mezuzah, and the people of Nazareth, are you in the midst of them? Why are you angry with me? Why are you angry with me? Why are you afraid of me? And he said to him, 'You are the one who oppressed the people of Israel.'
20:16 He did unto him, saying, Surely God is the God, and he is not afraid: God is not God.
21: 16 Therefore, behold, we are not in the midst of this thing, but in the midst of these things, do you know the children of the children of Israel, and the people of Giborath, and of the children of Israel, and know that they are not worthy of the name of Jehovah?
‪xxxx  Chapter 17   (27 verses)‬
1: 17 Thou shalt bring forth Yahweh, that is, as a tabernacle, in the midst of the earth, and in the midst of the earth, the burning of the sun, and the burning of the trees, even unto the children of their fathers, and they shall receive the sacrifices of their sacrifices.
2: 17 When their sons were full of their sacrifices, and their servants were still in the midst of the wrath of the Lord, they were filled with grapes, and the greatness of the trees was high.
3: 17 Be careful, thou shalt not be ashamed, O thy lord, all thy mighty men, that thou mayest be afraid: for in thy death is thy iniquity, thou shalt find in all thy greatness.
4: 17 Smtt֗h and Bc֙ Mnhlֽtc֙ As֣r Nt֣ti L֔c and Habdt֙ic֙ At-a֣ib֔ic Ba֖rtz As֣r Lֽa-id֑at Cֽi-a֛s Kdht֥m Baf֖i Ad-aol֥m Tokֽd: S.
5:17 And behold, behold, the LORD, the LORD, hath said unto the Lord, the Lord is the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the LORD.
6: 17 And there was a covenant among the people of Israel, and the people of Israel were afraid of it, and they were not afraid to see it, for the children of Yavneh were afraid of them, and the inhabitants of the land were burning, and they were burning in the wilderness, and the land was flowing with salt, and the land was not destroyed.
7: 17 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt be glad, and the LORD shall not be ashamed;
8: 17 and Hi֞h Ca֣tz | St֣ol Al-m֗im and Al-iobl֙ Isl֣h Sֽrs֔io and L֤a * ** Irah֙ Cֽi-ib֣a saw H֔m and Hi֥h Al֖ho Rֽan֑n and Bsn֤t Btz֙rt֙ L֣a Ida֔g and L֥a Im֖is Mas֥ot Fֽri:
9:17 And the son of the son of the son of the king, the king of Galilee, and the people of the land, and the people of the land,
10: 17 I am the LORD, the LORD, the son of Jacob, the son of Levi, the son of the king, and all of them, all my wives, and I have given to the man as a man. * As is his way, so as to keep his hands,
11: 17 And Korah came to the house of Dagar, and he came to him, and he returned to the land of Israel, and he went to the house of the tribe of Israel, and he was not in captivity, but in the midst of the land, and he returned to the land of Judah, and he came after him, and he came after him.
12: 17 He covered up the flame of the fire, and gave it to the fire, and the fire of the fire, and the fire of the fire,
13:17 Where is the voice of Israel, O Jehovah, all of thy heart, and thy wickedness, and my wickedness, and in my own way, I have been blessed, so that I may die, that I may die, and I will not be afraid.
14: 17 The LORD hath given me strength: and I will not be afraid: but I will make a noise for myself, and I will be ashamed of you: for I am afraid of you.
15: 17 They were saying, "Behold, I say unto you, Behold, I say unto thee, 'Speak unto me, O LORD, O son of the LORD!'
16: 17 And I will not be afraid of you, nor shall I be afraid of thee; but I will be ashamed of you, and I will not be afraid of you, but I will be afraid of you: my hands are afraid of you, and I am afraid of you.
17: 17 Do not you have the right to be circumcised? Why do not you give me a gift?
18:17 And my heart is filled with sorrow, and I am not afraid, but I am with you, and I am with you, and I am with you, and I am with you.
19: 17 Ch-am֨r Iho֜h Al֗i Hl֤c and Aֽmdt֙ Bs֣ar Bnֽi- * with ** Ha֔m As֨r Ib֤ao Bo֙ Mlc֣i Ihod֔h and As֖r I֣tzao B֑o and Bc֖l Sar֥i Iroslֽm:
20:17 And you said, I pray you, I pray you, I pray you, O God, I am the LORD, and I will give you all the power of Yahweh, and all the children of Judah will return, and all will be restored to them. The children of Jerusalem shall come to them in the midst of the gates of the land.
Num 21:17 As if the mother of the LORD, the LORD, is the one who kept them safe, and did not give them up, and they did not bear the burden of the land, but the people returned to them, and they came to them at the gate of Jerusalem, and their inheritance was theirs.
22: 17 And thou shalt not be afraid of him; but thou shalt not be afraid of him, but thou shalt not be ashamed of me, but of the captivity, of all things, and of all the work of men, not of them, but of the things that are done to me, and of my sanctity, I have brought you down, and I will return to you, and I will return to you as a wife, and I will raise up my fathers with you.
23: 17 And they did not know that they heard the voice of the people, but they did not listen to their ears, and they oppressed the people of Israel, but they did not weep for them. They heard the words of the people of Israel, and they came to them.
24: 17 ֠hih Am-sm֨a Tsma֤on Ali֙ Nam-iho֔h Lblt֣i | Hb֣ia Ms֗a Bsar֛i Ha֥ir Hz֖at Bi֣om Hsb֑t and Lkds֙ At-i֣om Hsb֔t Lblt֥i Asֽot- * a ** B֖o Cl-mlacֽh:
25: 17 B֣ao Bsar֣i Ha֣ir Hz֡at Mlc֣im | and Sr֡im Isbim֩ Al-cs֨a Do֜d Rcb֣im | Br֣cb and Bsos֗im H֚mh and S֣rih֔m A֥is Ihod֖h and Isb֣i Irosl֑m and Isb֥h Hֽair-hz֖at Laolֽm:
26: 17 B֣ao Marֽi-i֠hodh and Msbib֨ot Irosl֜m and Ma֣rtz Bnim֗n and Mn-hsfl֤h and Mn-hhr֙ and Mn-hn֔gb Mba֛im Aol֥h and Z֖bh and Mnh֣h and Lbon֑h and Mba֥i Tod֖h B֥it Ihoֽh:
27: 17 Am-l֨a Tsma֜o Al֗i Lkds֙ At-i֣om Hsb֔t and Lblt֣i | Sa֣t Ms֗a and B֛a Bsar֥i Irosl֖m Bi֣om Hsb֑t and Htz֧ti A֣s Bsar֗ih and Aֽcl֛h Armn֥ot Irosl֖m and L֥a Tcbֽh: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 18   (23 verses)‬
1: 18 The word of the LORD was as it was, and it was not the LORD, but the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the God of the LORD;
2: 18 And you shall be dismayed, and you shall be ashamed of the children of the children of Israel, and that is why the people of Israel have gone astray, because you have taken away your word.
3: 18 And the father of the children of Hochar was raised, and behold, behold, [a] did the work of the women on the sons of the children.
4: 18 And I will destroy the whole thing, and I will give it to the LORD, and it shall be done in the midst of the fire, and it shall be restored, and it shall be done to him, and it shall be given to him, as for all the children of Israel.
5:18 And he said unto me, Speak unto me, O LORD!
6: 18 You shall not be ashamed to do this, nor will you be able to do anything, for you shall be worthy of the LORD's commandment. Behold, I will give it to you, as it is in the hands of the children of Israel, so that you may live in the hand of the LORD.
7:18 Rejoice, I will give my strength to my anger, and I will not go down from you, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and you will not be afraid of me.
8: 18 And he returned to the house of Haggai, saying, "Behold, I will not go down, but I will not go down, but I will not be able to return to him, but I will return to my house, and I will not be with you for ever."
9:18 And when the LORD came upon the land of G-d, and upon Malch, he returned to Lebanon, and to Lantu.
10: 18 And he did the evil thing, and the evil thing was in the eyes of the people, so that I could not swallow it, and that it was not in the voice of the LORD, nor was I the judge of the people of the tribe of Israel; but as a nation, I am not afraid to destroy my enemies.
11: 18 At֡h Amr-n֣a Al-ais-ihodh֩ and Al-iosb֨i Irosl֜m Lam֗r C֚h Am֣r Iho֔h Hn֨h Anc֜i Iotz֤r Alicm֙ Ra֔h and Hs֥b Alic֖m Mֽhsb֑h S֣obo N֗a A֚is Mdrc֣o Hֽra֔h and Hit֥ibo Drcic֖m and Mallicֽm:
12: 18 And Moses said unto him, Bring it down, and it shall be finished, and it shall be no more, and it shall be no more, and it shall not be with thee.
13: 18 For this is the truth, but the LORD, the LORD, is the God of the people of Israel, the people of the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
14: 18 He that is mighty in the midst of the fire of the earth, that is, the children of the children of Israel, shall they be condemned, but if they shall be exhausted, they shall be no more; they shall be strangers;
15: 18 When forgetting forgetfulness, I will be with you forever; for they will not be afraid, but they will be cut off, and will be overcome in their ways; for they will not go astray, but they will not go astray, but they will not go astray, but they will not go astray.
16: 18 The people of the land shall be made to the heavens, and the earth shall be shrouded in darkness, and they shall be filled with bread, and they shall be filled with bread.
17:18 Thou shalt not be ashamed of them; but I will not turn them away before me: but I will not turn away from them, neither shall I see them before them, but I see them in their eyes.
18: 18 Iamr֗o Lc֨o and Nhsb֣h Aֽl-irmiho֮ Mhsbot֒ Ci֩ La-tab֨d Tor֜h Mch֗n and Atzh֙ Mֽhc֔m and Db֖r Mnb֑ia Lco֙ and Nc֣ho Bls֔on and Al-nks֖ibh Al-cl-dbrֽio:
19: 18 The LORD, the Lord of the worlds, hath given up the LORD, and he hath brought forth to the LORD the LORD,
20: 18 You have been blessed with good-naturedness, evil-mindedness, so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-to-do-you-do-it-yourself-to-do-you-doer.
21: 18 Lcn֩ T֨n At-bnih֜m Lra֗b and Hgrm֮ Al-idi-hrb֒ and Tֽhi֨nh Nsih֤m Sclot֙ and Almn֔ot and A֨nsih֔m Iֽhi֖o Hr֣gi M֑ot Bh֣orih֔m Mci-h֖rb Bmlhmֽh:
22: 18 Thou shalt bring forth a zeal, for it is in the midst of the earth, that it is in the midst of it, that it is not in the midst of it, but upon it, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, and the mighty.
23: 18 At֣h I֠hoh Id֜at Aֽt-cl-atzt֤m Ali֙ Lm֔ot Al-tcfr֙ Al-aoֺn֔m and Htat֖m Mlfn֣ic Al-t֑mhi * and ** and Ihi֤o were Mcslim֙ Lfn֔ic Ba֥t Afc֖ As֥h Bhֽm: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 19   (15 verses)‬
1:19 Thus the mother, the LORD, said, "Behold, I will come to you, and I will be with you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
2:19 And I will bring you to Gilgariah, the son of Hanoch, but I will return to the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel and the land of Israel.
3: 19 Aֽmrt֙ Sma֣o Dbr-iho֔h Mlc֣i Ihod֔h and Isb֖i Irֽosl֑m Cֽh-amr֩ Iho֨h Tzba֜ot Alh֣i Isra֗l Hnn֨i Mb֤ia Rah֙ Al-hmk֣om Hz֔h As֥r Cl-sma֖h Ttz֥lnh Aznֽio:
4: 19 I֣an | As֣r Azb֗ni and ֽincr֞o At-hmk֤om Hzh֙ and Iktro-bo֙ Lalh֣im Ahr֔im As֧r Lֽa-ida֛om H֥mh and Abֽotih֖m and Mlc֣i Ihod֑h and Mֽla֛o At-hmk֥om Hz֖h D֥m Nkiֽm:
5:19 And they built the house of the daughters of the children, to go up to their children, and they went up to the land of Israel, and to the land of Israel, to the land of Israel, and to the land of Israel, to the land of Israel, and to the land of Israel, and to the land of Israel.
6:19 19 Therefore, behold, the children of the people of Israel are not worthy of the nation, and they are not called, because they have not been circumcised; they are the ones who commit adultery, and they are the children of the sons of Israel, because they are not with them, but they are the rulers of the land.
7: 19 and ֠bkti At-atz֨t Ihod֤h and Irosl֙m֙ Bmk֣om Hz֔h and Hflt֤im Bh֙rb֙ Lfn֣i Aֽibih֔m and Bi֖d Mbks֣i Nfs֑m and Ntt֤i At-nbltm֙ Lmֽac֔l La֥of Hsm֖im and Lbhm֥t Haֽrtz:
8: 19 And I put my hand to the fire, and the fire was so hot, that it was hot, and that it was hot, and that it was hot on top of it, that it was hot on them, and that it was hot on all things.
9: 19 and Hֽaclt֞im At-bs֣r Bnih֗m and At֙ Bs֣r Bntih֔m and A֥is Bsr-ra֖ho Iac֑lo Bmtzor֙ and Bmtz֔ok As֨r Itz֧iko Lh֛m Aibih֖m and Mbks֥i Nfsֽm:
10: 19 And the LORD said unto him, Behold, I will come to thee, to my eyes: behold, I will bring thee forth, and I will bring thee to thee.
11: 19 Amrt֨ [c] Alih֜m Ch-am֣r | LORD Tzba֗ot C֣ch Asb֞r At-ha֤m Hzh֙ and At-ha֣ir Hz֔at Cas֤r Isbr֙ At-cl֣i Hiotz֔r As֛r Lֽa-ioc֥l Lhrf֖h A֑od and Bt֣ft Ikbr֔o Ma֥in Mk֖om Lkbֽor:
12: 19 So the man of Esau came to him, and he did not go to the house of the LORD, and he gave him his inheritance, and he gave him the inheritance, and he brought it to the fire.
13: 19 Hi֞o Bt֣i Irosl֗m and Bti֙ Mlc֣i Ihod֔h Cmk֥om Ht֖ft Htma֑im Lc֣l Hbt֗im As֨r Ktr֜o Al-ggֽtihm֙ Lcl֙ Tzb֣a Hsm֔im and Hs֥c Nsc֖im Lalh֥im Ahrֽim: P.
14:19 And the son of Yahweh came to him, and he said unto all the people of the midst of the earth, And he said unto all the people of the house of the LORD, Behold, the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD.
15: 19 Cֽh-am֞r Iho֤h Tzbaot֙ Alh֣i Isra֔l Hnn֨i * Among ** Mb֜ia Al-ha֤ir Hzat֙ and Al-cl-ar֔ih A֚t Cl-h֣ra֔h As֥r Db֖rti Al֑ih C֤i Hkso֙ At-arf֔m Lblt֖i Sm֥oa At-dbrֽi:
‪xxxx  Chapter 20   (18 verses)‬
1:20 And the people of Pashachar, the son of Amor, reigned in this manner, and the father of the children of Israel came to the house of the LORD, saying, "Behold, the LORD has given birth to him, and the LORD has given him up, and he has given up the word of the LORD."
2:20 And the captain of the house of the king of Israel, the captain of the tribe of Israel, raised up the tribe of the prophet, and he gave his inheritance to the Mahpachite, which was in the midst of the children's sleep, and he said to him, "Behold, I pray thee, O son of Israel."
3: 20 ֽihi֙ Mֽmhr֔t and Itz֥a Fsh֛or Aֽt-irmi֖ho Mn-hmhf֑ct and I֨amr Al֜io Irmi֗ho L֤a Fshor֙ Kr֤a Ihoh֙ Sm֔c C֖i Am-mg֥or Msbֽib: P.
4: 20 C֣i C֣h Am֣r Iho֡h Hnni֩ Ntnc֨ [c] Lmg֜or Lc֣ and Lcl-ahb֗ic and Nֽfl֛o Bh֥rb Aibih֖m and Ain֣ic Ra֑ot and At-cl-ihod֗h Atn֙ Bi֣d Mֽlc-bb֔l and Hgl֥m Bb֖lh and Hc֥m Bhֽrb:
5: 20 Ntt֗i At-cl-h֙sn֙ Ha֣ir Hz֔at and At-cl-igia֖h and At-cl-ikr֑h and A֨t Cl-aotzr֜ot Mlc֣i Ihod֗h Atn֙ Bi֣d Aֽibih֔m and Bzzom֙ and Lkh֔om and Hbia֖om Bbֽlh:
6: 20 At֣h Fsh֗or and Cl֙ Isb֣i Bit֔c Tlc֖o Bs֑bi and Bb֣l Tb֗oa and S֤m Tmot֙ and S֣m Tkb֔r Ath֙ and Cl-a֣hb֔ic Asr-nb֥at Lh֖m Bsֽkr: S.
7: 20 And I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
8: 20 And when I was afraid of Mezek, I said to him, I am angry with you, and I am afraid of you, and I am afraid of you, and I am afraid of you.
9: 20 And he said, "Behold, I am not worthy, but I am not worthy of him, and I will not dwell with you in his own mind, and he will be with me in my heart, as in the midst of my strength, I will see you in my bones, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will not come to you."
10: 20 C֣i Sm֜ati Db֣t Rbim֮ Mg֣or Msbib֒ Hg֙ido֙ and Ngid֔no C֚l An֣os Slom֔i Smr֖i Tzla֑i Aol֤i Ifth֙ and N֣oclh L֔o and Nkh֥h Nkmt֖no Mmֽno:
11: 20 And he said unto him, Behold, O my people, as a mighty man, I will make light unto thee, so that I may go astray: and I will not be ashamed of thee, neither shall I be ashamed of him, neither shall I be ashamed of him, neither shall I be ashamed of him, neither shall I be drunk; ye shall not be consumed; but I will not be filled with them.
12: 20 And he, behold, the tribes of the tribe of Bezek, the captain of the tribe of Zikra, saw all the houses of the tribes, and they returned to the land of Israel, so that they may be destroyed, because they are not, because they are not with you, but you have turned away from me.
13: 20 Be careful not for him, but for him, for he hath taken the LORD out of the house, for he hath been afraid; for he hath put away the fear of the LORD, and he is afraid of him, because of the evil of evil.
14: 20 Behold, I am the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Son of God, and the Son of the Lord.
15: 20 Behold, thou shalt be the Lord of the flesh, but as I have raised my father, behold, it is not thy son, nor thy son, nor thy son;
16: 20 And there was a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, and a man, a man, and a man, a man, and a man;
17: 20 And as for them, I am not afraid of them, and I have become bitter with them, and my heart is not with me, but my mother is buried, and I have mercy on her.
18: 20 And he said unto him, This is what the LORD hath given unto me, that I have made a covenant with the people, and I have seen all these things, and all the nations have come to them, and all of them have been in the midst of the six hundred days.
‪xxxx  Chapter 21   (14 verses)‬
1: 21 Hdb֛r Asr-hi֥h Aֽl-irmi֖ho Ma֣t Iho֑h Bsl֨h Al֜io Hm֣lc Tzdki֗ho At-fshor֙ Bn-mlci֔h and At-tzfni֧h Bn-masi֛h Hch֖n Lamֽr:
2: 21 And the people of the land, the people of the tribe of Nebuchadnezzar, were destroyed, because the sons of Nebuchadnezzar, the king of the children of Israel, turned away from them;
3:21 And he said, I will lift up his eyes unto her, because they will say to her, 'Do not go to Zadokiah.'
4: 21 Cֽh-am֨r Iho֜h Alh֣i Isra֗l Hnn֣i Msb֮ At-cl֣i Hmlhmh֮ As֣r Bidcm֒ As֨r At֜m Nlhm֣im B֗m At-m֤lc Bbl֙ and At-hcsd֔im Htzr֣im Alic֔m Mh֖otz Lֽhom֑h and Asft֣i Aot֔m Al-t֖oc Ha֥ir Hzֽat:
5:21 And I will fight with you, and I will bring you to you in the midst of your wickedness, and I will give you strength, and I will give strength to you, and I will come to you in the heat of the fire.
6: 21 And thou shalt bring me up: and I will return to them, that is, the light of this man, and the people, and the people, in the wilderness of Gad;
7: 21 Ahri-c֣n Nam-iho֡h At֣n At-tzdki֣ho Mֽlc-ihod֣h and At-abd֣io | and At-ha֡m and At-hnsarim֩ Ba֨ir Hz֜at Mn-hd֣br | Mn-hh֣rb and Mn-hra֗b Bid֙ Nbocdratz֣r Mֽlc-bb֔l and Bid֙ Aֽibih֔m and Bi֖d Mbks֣i and Hc֣m cooked to Nfs֑m And he said unto them, Blessed are they, and they shall not be afraid.
8: 21 And unto this day, behold, thou shalt say unto him, Am I not the LORD, O LORD, that we may give to thee, that they may bring thee to the living, and to the Lord of the land?
9: 21 Hisb֙ Ba֣ir Hz֔at Im֕ot Bh֖rb and Bra֣b and Bd֑br and Hiotza֩ and Nf֨l Al-hcsd֜im Htzr֤im Alicm֙ * ** live and Hi֔h and Hֽith-l֥o Nfs֖o Lslֽl:
10: 21 For when I have lost my heart, I will give it to the wicked, and I will not give it to you, nor will it be a good thing to you, but I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
11: 21 And the son of David said unto thee, O Yahweh, thou shalt not hear the word of Jehovah, O LORD,
12: 21 B֣it Do֗d C֚h Am֣r Iho֔h D֤ino Lb֙kr֙ Msf֔t and Htz֥ilo Gz֖ol Mi֣d Aos֑k Fn-ttz֨a Ca֜s Hmt֗i and Barh֙ and A֣in Mcb֔h Mfn֖i R֥a * antics ** Mallicֽm:
13: 21 Behold, there is no man, that is, the people of the land, the wicked, the wicked, the wicked, the men of the nation, and the people of the land, and of the children of Israel.
14: 21 And you shall be ashamed of me, and I will make you rich; and I will make them rich; and I will give you bread; and I will give up my bread; and I will eat it with all the spices.
‪xxxx  Chapter 22   (30 verses)‬
1:22 Thus saith the LORD, O LORD, be merciful unto me, and thou shalt not go in unto Yahweh, and thou shalt speak unto them, that they may bring forth the LORD, that which is his son.
2:22 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt go forth, saith the LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD thy God;
3: 22 C֣h | Am֣r Iho֗h As֤o Msft֙ and Tzdk֔h and Htz֥ilo Gz֖ol Mi֣d As֑ok and Gr֩ It֨om and Almn֤h Al-tno֙ Al-thm֔so and D֣m Nk֔i Aֽl-tsfc֖o Bmk֥om Hzֽh:
4: 22 C֤i Am-aso֙ Tֽas֔o At-hdb֖r Hz֑h and B֣ao Bsar֣i Hb֣it Hz֡h Mlcim֩ Isb֨im Ldo֜d Al-csa֗o Rֽcbim֙ Br֣cb and Bsos֔im H֥oa * and ** and Abd֖io worked and Amֽo:
5:22 And if thou shalt not hear the voice of the LORD, it shall be with thee: for I will return to my house, and I will return to you, and I will return to you: for I will not be afraid of thee;
6:22 And behold, behold, the LORD, the son of Judah, is upon the house of the children of Judah, the son of David, the daughter of Judah, the son of David, the son of David, the son of Levi, the son of Levi, the son of David, the son of Levi, the son of Levi.
7:22 And sanctify me, O thy lord: thou shalt destroy all things: and there shall be no man, and all his might, and his loins thereof shall be in the midst of thy loins, and thy feet shall be filled with the trees.
8: 22 And they went on, saying, Go, they have gone up against them; for this is the light, and this is the anger, and they have gone astray, and there is no one who is afraid of the people of the land, but the people of the land, the people of Israel, do as they have done. Jehovah is the LORD, the greatest, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty.
9: 22 And Moses said unto him, I will not go astray; but I will not bring forth the righteousness of the LORD. O God, O God, is there a covenant, and there is no god but God;
10: 22 Do not cry to him, nor to him, or to him, and to him, to him, and to him, so that he may return to you, and he will not return to you, because he will not return to you, and he will see the land from his birth.
11:22 And when the children of Israel came to them, they said to them, 'My son-in-law, I will bring him to you, O son of Yahweh, for he is the king, and he is my servant, my father, his father, his father, his wife, his wife, his wife, his father, his wife, his wife, his wife, his wife, his father, his wife, his wife, his wife, his wife and his wife.
12: 22 For in the midst of the wickedness which was revealed to him, they gave them strength, and they gave them strength, and they gave them strength, and they did not see them.
13:22 And the son of his son, his daughter, was born in the midst of the house of Tzedek, and his wives were not in him; they were not in captivity, but in the wickedness of them, the children of Jebus, the children of Hanan, and their wives, and his wives, were not given their inheritance.
14: 22 He hath given me a son, that is, I have been in the house of the LORD, and I have gone up against him, and I have given up my anger, and I have been afraid of him, and I have been afraid of him, and I am not afraid of him, neither shall I be afraid of him.
15: 22 Thou shalt be satisfied, because thou hast dealt with me from thy death: behold, thy father, thy father, hath taken it, and hath taken it, and hath done it, and hath done justice to the righteous,
Deuteronomy 16:22 22 And God said unto them, Behold, I am with you, and I am with you.
17: 22 For when your eyes are not filled with your eyes, and your heart is gone, because it is with you, but with your strength, and it is with you that your heart is filled with desire, and with your strength, and with your strength, to do your work.
18: 22 And the LORD, behold, the son of Yהוהו֤֤֤֤֤֤֤ was not the son of Yאשהו֙֙֙֙֙֙֙, but the son of Yִִ֙֙֙֙֙֙, the son of Yּהודדד֔֔֔֔֔֔, who was not in his hands, because he was afraid of him, because he was not afraid of him, and he was afraid of him, and he was not afraid of him.
19: 22 And it is the morning of the morning of the morning, the morning of the morning, the morning of the morning, the morning of the morning, and the morning of the morning of the morning, the morning of the morning of the morning.
20:22 And the sons of the sons of Israel, and the sons of the sons of Israel, and the children of the tribe of Zechariah, and the sons of Israel, and the sons of Israel.
21: 22 "Do not be afraid of me, because you are in a state of weakness, because you are not a man, nor are you a man?" He said, "Do not be angry with me, because you are afraid of me, because I am not afraid of you, but I am afraid of you in your voice."
22:22 All the evil things that are in your heart, and the love of the children, are in you, and they are not in you, because you are not worthy of them, because you are not worthy of them, and you have been consumed by evil.
23: 22 * ​​I sat down, sat down, and sat in the hearts of the children. I was jealous: I was jealous of you, and I said to you, Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? What is your duty?
24: 22 Behold, I am the son of Yahweh, so that I may not be with thee, behold, behold, as for him, son of Yahweh, the sons of Judah, shall be the children of Judah, even though they have been married to them, even to the children of Israel, so that they may die.
25: 22 And I will give you a hand in the hand of your servant, because I will give you bread, and I will give it to you, for I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will return to you.
26:22 And thou shalt surely take away thy servant, and thy mother, and thy wife, and thy son, and thy wife, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the children of Israel.
27: 22 And upon the land which they were, they carried away their souls, because they were in their midst, that they were there, and that they were not there.
28: 22 And the tribe of Nebuchadneh saw it, and the people of this land were destroyed, because they were like him, but they were not all; they were not in charge, but they were in the midst of them, and they were not in the midst of them, but they were in the midst of them, and they were not raised, and they were burned, and they were destroyed, because they were against the land, but they were not unrighteous.
29: 22 But the earth is like the earth, and the voice of the people is not heard; but the word of the LORD is Yahweh.
30: 22 C֣h | Am֣r Iho֗h Ctb֞o At-ha֤is Hzh֙ Arir֔i G֖br La-itzl֣h Bim֑io Ci֩ L֨a Itzl֜h Mzra֗o A֚is Isb֙ Al-cs֣a Do֔d and Ms֥l A֖od Bihodֽh:
‪xxxx  Chapter 23   (40 verses)‬
1: 23 And the wicked are not afraid of the children, and they have taken away the commandment from the evil of the wicked.
2: 23 L֠cn Cֽh-am֨r Iho֜h Alh֣i Isra֗l Aֽl-hraim֮ Hra֣im At-ami֒ At֞m Hftzt֤m At-tzani֙ and Tdh֔om and L֥a Fkdt֖m At֑m Hnn֨i Fk֧d Alic֛m At-r֥a Mallic֖m Nam-ihoֽh:
23: 23 And I will gather together the remnant of the children of the flock, from all the land of the land, which I have given to you, because they have lost their land, and they have returned to you, and they are not in their hands, and they have broken up and multiplied.
4:23 And they rose up against them: they were evil, and they were evil, and they were not, nor were they afraid of them, neither of them, nor of them, nor of them, nor of them, nor of them, but of them;
5: 23 Behold, I am with you, I am with you;
6: 23 In his days, Thou shalt be satisfied, Yahweh, the LORD, and the people of Israel, that are worthy of him, and this is his strength, and this is his name: that which is his name, which is his name.
7: 23 For thus are the children of Yahweh, who have come to the land, so that they may be comforted, and that they will not rejoice: for the life of Yahweh is upon him, but as for the people of Israel, the children of Israel shall be brought up from the land of Egypt.
8: 23 C֣i Am-hi-iho֗h As֣r Halh֩ and As֨r Hb֜ia At-z֨ra B֤it Isral֙ Ma֣rtz Tzf֔onh and Mcl֙ Hֽartz֔ot As֥r Hdht֖im S֑m and Isb֖o Al-admtֽm: S.
9: 23 We will not return, but we will return to the land of Israel, and to the land of Israel, to the land of Israel, to the land of Israel, to the land of Israel, to the land of Israel, to the land of Israel, and to the land of Israel.
10:23 So that we may not be afraid of them, because they are not the people of the land, because they are the ones who suffer from the plague, but they are not, but they are not, but they are not; they are the ones who are hungry, and they are not.
11:23 23 When the people of Israel came to them, they were burned, so that they were burned, even in the midst of them;
12: 23 Therefore the LORD said to them, "They are the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel."
13: 23 And the sons of the children, saying, Watch, ye shall see me; and I will be amazed: behold, they came to me in the house of Baal, and made the people angry with the people of Israel.
14: 23 Bnba֨i Irosl֜m Ra֣iti Saror֗h Na֞of and Hl֤c Bs֙kr֙ and Hzko֙ Id֣i Mra֔im Lb֨lti-s֔bo A֖is Mrֽat֑o Hֽio-l֤i Clm֙ Csd֔m and Isb֖ih Camrֽh: S.
15: 23 Lc֞n Cֽh-am֨r Iho֤h Tzbaot֙ Al-hnba֔im Hnn֨i Mac֤il Aotm֙ Lֽan֔h and Hskt֖im Mi-r֑as C֗i Mat֙ Nbia֣i Irosl֔m Itza֥h Hnf֖h Lcl-haֽrtz: P.
16:23 Thus the LORD, behold, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
17: 23 Say, "Behold, I am saying unto you, Behold, I am the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD."
18: 23 And when the people of Israel went up against the LORD, the LORD came to him, and he went out into the sea, and brought the word of the LORD to the ground, saying, "Surely, I will not be ashamed of you."
19: 23 The LORD, the LORD, is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior.
20:23 He was not captivated by the LORD, but he had done his work before him, and he was still standing before him, and he was waiting for him, and he was waiting for him in the last day, and the people were waiting for him, and they were keeping him safe.
21: 23 I have not given the sons of the children, but they have not commanded me, but I have not given them to them, nor have they given them up.
22: 23 And when they were standing up, they were in the midst of them, and the people of my people had gone astray, and the people were still there, and they were still in the midst of them, and they rebelled against them.
23: 23 The LORD is the one who has been blessed; the people of Israel have given me a favor, and the LORD has not come to Me.
24: 23 But if Jesse is not a man, there is no one in Nazareth, neither of us, nor of us, nor of the nation of Yahweh, but of the people of Israel, and of the land of Israel, and of the land of Israel, the nation of Yahweh.
25: 23 My name is My name, which I have given to the people of the people, so that I will not be afraid of them, but I will bring them back to you in the name of God.
26: 23 And when the people of the tribe of Nebuchadneh returned, they came to the land, and they returned to the land, and they rebuked them, and they rebelled against them.
27: 23 And the wise men shall not forget the people of the people, but they shall not be in the midst of their wickedness: for they shall not die, nor shall they die; but there shall be a sword to the wicked, and they shall be like men, for they shall forget their sins, and their fathers shall not be ashamed of them.
28: 23 The prophet said, "Behold, I am with you, and I will go to him, and I will be glad to see you, and I will be glad to see you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
29: 23 Behold, this is the word of the word of the Lord, as it is written, "The people of the people of Israel," and "the people of the tribe of Israel."
30: 23 For thus we have given witness to the sons of the prophets, and they have given hope to the people of the land.
31: 23 Behold, the sons of the sons of Nabi, are they not worthy of the LORD, but they are the ones who took them to their tongues, and they have been hated, and they have been hated.
32: 23 H֠nni Aֽl-nba֞i Hlm֥ot S֙kr֙ Nam-iho֔h and ֽisfrom֙ and Ita֣o At-am֔i Bskrih֖m and Bfhzot֑m and Anc֨i Lֽa-slht֜im and L֣a Tzoit֗im and Hoa֛il Lֽa-ioa֥ilo Lֽam-hz֖h Nam-ihoֽh:
33:23 And as for your inheritance, this is the land, that is, it is the land of the people, and it is the land of the land, and it is not the land of the land, nor the land of the land, nor the land, nor the land, nor the land of the land.
34: 23 And the Nabhites, and the priests, and the men, and the men of the house of the children of Israel, and the people of the house of the LORD.
35:23 23 So she said, "Behold, there is a man who is against his neighbor, and his wife is his brother, and he is not satisfied with him, but the LORD is his God, and this is what the LORD has done."
36: 23 And when the LORD came to him, he was not remembered, because he remembered that he was not a man; he was a man; he was not a man of his word, but he turned away from him, and he said unto them, Speak unto me, O God, for they are not living, O Jehovah, O LORD, O people of Zion;
37: 23 And as for her, she said unto the prophet, Behold, what is thy name, O Jehovah, thou art, and what is the word of the LORD thy God?
38: 23 And if the LORD hath come to him, say unto him, Behold, this is what the LORD hath said: O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, I have given thee the commandment of the Lord, that is, the LORD, and this is what is called, O LORD, and the LORD, and I have sent down unto thee, O God, unto thee, I am saying unto thee, saying, Thou shalt not say, Thou shalt not say, O LORD!
39: 23 For thus are they, and I am your wife, because you are a woman, and you have not forgotten them, neither you nor them, nor the city, but as a wife, I have given them to them, and to their fathers, they have not turned away from me.
40: 23 And I will give you strength, and I will give you a burnt offering, and I will go to them, and I will go up to them, and I will return to you.
‪xxxx  Chapter 24   (10 verses)‬
1: 24 Hrani֮ Ihoh֒ and Hn֗h Sni֙ Doda֣i Tan֔im Moad֕im Lfn֖i Hic֣l Iho֑h Ahr֣i Hgl֣ot Nbocdratz֣r Mֽlc-bb֡l At-icni֣ho Bn-ihoik֣im Mֽlc-ihodh֩ and At-sr֨i Ihod֜h and At-hhr֤s and At-hmsgr֙ Mir֣osl֔m and Iba֖m Bbֽl:
2: 24 And the LORD shall be with him, and he shall be with him, and he shall not be hungry, nor shall he be in the house of the LORD, nor shall he be in the land, nor shall he be in the land.
3: 24 I֨amr Iho֜h Al֗i Mֽh-at֤h Rah֙ Irmi֔ho and Am֖r Tan֑im Htan֤im Htbot֙ Tb֣ot Ma֔d and Hֽraot֙ Ra֣ot Ma֔d As֥r La-tac֖lnh Mrֽa: P.
4:24 And he said unto him, Speak unto me, O LORD, I pray thee;
5: 24 Cֽh-am֤r Ihoh֙ Alh֣i Isra֔l Ctan֥im Htb֖ot Ha֑lh Cֽn-ac֞ir At-gl֣ot Ihod֗h As֨r Sl֜hti Mn-hmk֥om Hz֛h A֥rtz Csd֖im Ltobֽh:
6: 24 And I will bring them up to the eyes of the LORD, and they shall return to the land of this land, and they shall bring the sons of Israel into the land, and they shall not be destroyed, and they shall be saved, and they shall not be consumed.
7:24 And I gave them to them, and they went to the house, and they came to me, because they were not in the house of the LORD, and they were there, and they were not with them, and they came to me, because they were not with them, but to God, because they were not in the house of God, but they were in the midst of their hearts.
8: 24 and Ctanim֙ Hֽra֔ot As֥r La-tac֖lnh Mr֑a Ci-c֣h | Am֣r Iho֗h C֣n A֠tn At-tzdki֨ho Mֽlc-ihod֤h and At-srio֙ and A֣t | Sar֣it Irosl֗m Hnsarim֙ Ba֣rtz Hz֔at and Hisb֖im Ba֥rtz Mtzrֽim:
9: 24 And you shall be put to rest, and they shall be thirsty, and they shall not be afraid; but they shall not go down to the land of the LORD, and they shall not go down to the land of the sword, nor shall they be ashamed of them, nor shall they be cursed.
10: 24 And I will bring my inheritance to them, and I will bring the sword to the ground, and the blood shall be broken, until it is dark, and I will give it to them, and they shall come to their fathers.
‪xxxx  Chapter 25   (38 verses)‬
1: 25 Hdb֞r Asr-hi֤h Aֽl-irmi֙ho֙ Al-cl-a֣m Ihod֔h Bsnh֙ Hֽrba֔it Lihoik֥im Bn-iasi֖ho M֣lc Ihod֑h H֗ia Hsnh֙ Hr֣asn֔it Lnbֽocdratz֖r M֥lc Bbֽl:
2: 25 As the son of David rebuked him, he brought him up to the house of all the children of Judah, and all the people of Israel were there.
3: 25 Mn-sl֣s Asr֣h Sn֡h Liasi֣ho Bn-amon֩ M֨lc Ihod֜h and A֣d | Hi֣om Hz֗h Z֚h Sl֤s and Asrim֙ Sn֔h Hi֥h Dbr-iho֖h Al֑i and Adb֧r Alic֛m Asc֥im and Db֖r and L֥a Smatֽm:
4: 25 And the LORD sent them away, saying, "All of them are the servants of all the servants of the prophets, who are the prophets, the servants of the Levites, and of the Chaldeans, who have not heard them, nor have they been able to do anything, but they are not worthy of them.
5: 25 Lam֗r Sֽobo-n֞a A֣is Mdrc֤o Hֽrah֙ and Mr֣a Mallic֔m and Sbo֙ Al-h֣adm֔h As֨r Nt֧n Iho֛h Lc֖m and Labֽotic֑m Lmn-aol֖m and Ad-aolֽm:
6: 25 And unto the king, behold, I am not yet another of them, but the LORD is the one, and they are not yet to serve them, yet they have not been married to them, nor have they been married to them. And they have not taken me away;
7: 25 And ye shall not listen to them, but they are not; yea, yea, yea, yea, they are not for me, but the anger, and the anger, the anger, and the anger, and the iniquity;
8: 25 For this is the truth, but the LORD, the LORD, is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord.
9: 25 Hnn֣i Sl֡h and Lkhti֩ At-cl-msfh֨ot Tzf֜on Nam-iho֗h and Al-nbֽocdratz֣r Mֽlc-bbl֮ Abdi֒ and Hb֨at֜im Al-ha֤rtz Hzat֙ and Al-i֣sb֔ih and A֛l Cl-hgoi֥m Ha֖lh Sb֑ib and H֣hrmt֔im and Smtim֙ Lsm֣h and Lsrk֔h and Lhrb֖ot Aolֽm:
10:25 And Abedathai, who is the king of the tribe of Shiloh, is the king of the tribe of Shammah, of the tribe of Kohath, of Kohath, of Kohath, of Zephaniah, and of Kokhul, all of Kehilah, of Rahah, of Nahum, and of Neor, Nezer.
11: 25 And this is what all the people of this land have done to the sword, and it is to the heavens, the earth, and the earth, to them, and to them, and to them, and to them, I will bring you into the midst of the seven seasons of the earth.
12: 25 Hi֣h Cml֣aot Sba֣im Sn֡h Afk֣d Al-mֽlc-bbl֩ and Al-hg֨oi Hh֧oa Nam-iho֛h At-aoֺn֖m and Al-a֣rtz Csd֑im and Smt֥i At֖o Lsֽmm֥ot Aolֽm:
13: 25 And I will bring it to you, and I will bring you to the house of this land, which is all the word of my life: which I have given to all my wives, all that is written, that is, in the land of this land, which they will not lift up, and bring it up against all their nations.
14: 25 And when they were angry with them, they were also hungry, and they were great; they were great; they were great; they were great; and they were full of them; they came to them as they did to them, and when they did so, they took their hands.
15: 25 C֣i Ch֩ Am֨r Iho֜h Alh֤i Isral֙ Al֔i K֠h At-c֨os Hi֧in Hhm֛h Hz֖at Mid֑i and Hskit֤h Ato֙ At-cl-hgoi֔m As֧r Anc֛i Sl֥h Aotc֖ Alihֽm:
16: 25 And his servants, and his servants, did his work, and they turned away from him, and they turned away from me, and the people were with me, so that I could not see them.
17: 25 And he took the hook away from the hand of the LORD, and he gave it to him, and he gave up all the vessels thereof, which I sent unto the LORD.
18: 25 And Jeroboam, the son of Jehoiadah, and Jehadah, the king of Judah, and the king of Judah, and the king of Israel, and the king of Israel, and the king of Judah, and the king of Judah, and the king of Judah,
19: 25 And Pharaoh, the servant of Moses, and his servant, and his men, and his men, and all his people.
20: 25 At֙ Cl-ha֔rb and A֕t Cl-mlc֖i A֣rtz Ha֑otz and A֗t Cl-mlci֙ A֣rtz Flst֔im and At-askl֤on and At-azh֙ and At-akr֔on and A֖t Sar֥it Asdֽod:
21: 25 And Adam, and Moab, and Benn, the people of Ammon.
22: 25 And all the kings of Tzur, and all the kings of the kings of Zion, were hunted, and they were cursed, and they slew them, so that they might be destroyed.
23: 25 And David, and Thamatha, and Booth, and all the children of Kohath, and Phaatha.
24:25 And all the kings of all the cities of Arbaab, and all the kings of Makkah, the multitude of the inhabitants of the wilderness, in the wilderness.
25:25 And all the men of the kings of Zamorai, and all the kings of the kings of Israel, and all of them, and all the kings of the kingdom of Israel.
26: 25 A֣t | Cl-mlc֣i Htzf֗on Hkrb֤im and Hֽrhkim֙ A֣is Al-ah֔io and At֙ Cl-hmmlc֣ot Ha֔rtz As֖r Al-fn֣i Hadm֑h and M֥lc Ss֖c Ist֥h Ahrihֽm:
27: 25 Amrt֣ Alih֡m S. Cֽh-amr֩ Iho֨h Tzba֜ot Alh֣i Isra֗l St֤o and Scro֙ and Ki֔o and Nfl֖o and L֣a Tk֑omo Mfn֣i Hh֔rb As֛r Anc֥i Sl֖h Binicֽm:
28: 25 And he said unto her, Behold, ye shall not be afraid of your hands, but thou shalt be afraid, and thou shalt say unto them, Behold, they are like the LORD: the LORD is the LORD, the LORD is the captain of the tribe, and his wife is his wife.
29: 25 Ci֩ Hn֨h Ba֜ir As֧r Nֽkra-sm֣i Al֗ih Aֽnci֙ Mh֣l Lhr֔a and At֖m Hnk֣h Tnk֑o L֣a Tnk֔o C֣i H֗rb An֤i Kra֙ Al-cl-isb֣i Ha֔rtz Na֖m Iho֥h Tzbaֽot:
30: 25 Ath֙ Tnb֣a Alih֔m A֥t Cl-hdbr֖im Ha֑lh and Amrt֣ Alih֗m Iho֞h Mmr֤om Isag֙ and Mma֤on Kdso֙ It֣n Kol֔o Sa֤g Isag֙ Al-no֔ho Hidd֙ Cdrc֣im Iֽan֔h A֥l Cl-isb֖i Haֽrtz:
31: 25 Behold, the Lord is the Lord, the Lord of the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth.
32: 25 Thus saith the LORD, O LORD, the LORD is a witness, saying, Behold, he is a wicked man: he shall not be angry with me; for he is angry with me, and he shall not be angry with him; and he shall not go down from the depths of the earth.
33: 25 Hi֞o Hֽll֤i Ihoh֙ Bi֣om Hh֔oa Mktz֥h Ha֖rtz and Ad-ktz֣h Ha֑rtz L֣a Isfd֗o and L֤a Iaֽsfo֙ and L֣a Ikb֔ro Ld֛mn Al-fn֥i Hadm֖h Iֽhiֽo:
34: 25 Behold, let the wicked go astray; and they shall cry out, and they will not turn away, and they shall be mighty, and they shall not be ashamed.
35: 25 And the father of the sons of Moses was taken away from the house of the LORD, and he turned away from the house of Adirai, the captain of Hazan.
36: 25 And the voice of the voice of the Lord, the voice of the Lord, came down to him, and the voice of the Lord, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne.
37: 25 And they came down to the house of the women, and they came to them from the face of the fire;
38: 25 And when the people of Israel were gathered together, they came to the city of Kohath, and they returned to their land, and they returned to their land.
‪xxxx  Chapter 26   (24 verses)‬
1: 26 In the beginning of the year was the kingdom of Yahweh, the son of Yִִִ֖֖֖֖, the son of Yִִִ֖֖֖֖֖, the son of Yּּדדד֖֖, the son of Yahweh, the son of Yahweh, the son of Yahweh, the son of Yahweh, the son of the son of Yֽדד֔֔֔;
2: 26 C֣h | Am֣r Iho֗h Amd֮ Bhtz֣r Bit-ihoh֒ and Dbrt֞ Al-cl-ar֣i Ihod֗h Hbaim֙ Lhsthoֺ֣t Bit-iho֔h A֚t Cl-hdbr֔im As֥r Tzoit֖ic Ldb֣r Alih֑m Al-tgr֖a Dbֽr:
3:26 And he said unto him, Behold, I pray thee, and I will be ashamed of thee, and I will be with thee, and I will go down to thee, and I will go down against thee: for I am not a man, but I am not a man;
4: 26 And I said unto her, O daughter of Israel, behold, the mother of the children of Israel is not worthy of hearing, but I pray thee: for thou hast not taken the daughter of the children of Israel;
5: 26 And I will not go astray, but I will say to them, I will worship them: and I will bring them to you, and I will give them to you, and I will bring them to you, and to them I will not hear them.
6:26 And she brought the woman to the house, and brought it to her: and she brought it to her, and she gave it to her: and she gave it to her, and she gave it to her;
7: 26 And he heard the words of the sons of the priests, and the prophets, and all the men of the people, who were afraid of him, who gave the word to the LORD, and he gave it to him in the midst of the LORD.
8: 26 and Ih֣i | Ccl֣ot Irmi֗ho Ldbr֙ A֣t Cl-asr-tzo֣h Iho֔h Ldb֖r Al-cl-ha֑m and Itfs֨o At֜o Hchn֧im and Hnba֛im and Cl-ha֥m Lam֖r M֥ot Tmֽot:
9: 26 Mdoa֩ Nb֨it Bsm-iho֜h Lam֗r Cslo֙ Iֽhih֙ Hb֣it Hz֔h and Ha֥ir Hz֛at Thr֖b Ma֣in Ios֑b and Ikh֧l Cl-ha֛m Aֽl-irmi֖ho Bb֥it Ihoֽh:
10: 26 And he heard the voice of the LORD, saying, "The LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD."
11: 26 I֨amr֜o Hchn֤im and Hnbaim֙ Al-hsr֔im and Al-cl-ha֖m Lam֑r Msft-m֙ot֙ La֣is Hz֔h C֤i Nba֙ Al-ha֣ir Hz֔at Cas֥r Smat֖m Baznicֽm:
12: 26 I֤amr Irmi֙ho֙ Al-cl-hsr֔im and Al-cl-ha֖m Lam֑r LORD Slh֗ni Lhnb֞a Al-hb֤it Hzh֙ and Al-ha֣ir Hz֔at A֥t Cl-hdbr֖im As֥r Smatֽm:
13: 26 And when thy hearts came down to thee, they turned away from them, and they turned away from them, and they heard the voice of the LORD, saying, God is their God, and they have given them their inheritance: Jehovah is the God of God, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord, the Lord of the worlds.
14: 26 And I said, Behold, in your hands, do unto me, and thou shalt not be afraid, and loathe them in thy eyes.
15: 26 A֣c | Id֣a Tda֗o C֣i Am-mmt֣im Atm֮ Ati֒ Ci-d֣m Nk֗i Atm֙ Ntn֣im Alic֔m and Al-ha֥ir Hz֖at and Al-isb֑ih C֣i Bam֗t Slh֤ni Ihoh֙ Alic֔m Ldbr֙ Baznic֔m A֥t Cl-hdbr֖im Haֽlh: S.
16: 26 And the men said unto him, The men are all, and all the men of the sons of the sons, and of the sons of the children, there is none, that is not this man, that is, the judge of the children of Israel, because in their name Jehovah is the God of our people.
17: 26 And they said unto him, Behold, I am a man of the old age: for he is the earth, and he is saying, And he said unto all the people of the midst of the valley, Amen.
18: 26 * Didier ** Mich֙ Hm֣orst֔i Hi֣h Nb֔a Bim֖i Hzki֣ho Mֽlc-ihod֑h and I֣amr Al-cl-am֩ Ihod֨h Lam֜r Cֽh-am֣r | LORD Tzba֗ot Tzi֞on Sd֤h Tֽhrs֙ and Irosl֙im֙ Ai֣im Tֽhi֔h and H֥r Hb֖it Lbm֥ot Iֽar:
19: 26 Hhm֣t H֠mtho Hzki֨ho Mֽlc-ihod֜h and Cl-ihod֗h Hla֮ Ir֣a At-ihoh֒ and Ihl֙ At-fn֣i Iho֔h and In֣hm Iho֔h Al-hra֖h Asr-db֣r Alih֑m and An֗hno As֛im Ra֥h Gdol֖h Al-nfsotֽino:
20: 26 Gm-a֗is Hi֤h Mtnba֙ Bs֣m Iho֔h Aֽori֙ho֙ Bֽn-smai֔ho Mkri֖t Hiar֑im and Inb֞a Al-ha֤ir Hzat֙ and Al-ha֣rtz Hz֔at Cc֖l Dbr֥i Irmiֽho:
21: 26 Ism֣a Hmֽlc-i֠hoikim and Cl-gbor֤io and Cl-hsrim֙ At-dbr֔io and Ibk֥s Hm֖lc Hmit֑o and Ism֤a Aori֙ho֙ and Ir֔a and Ibr֖h and Ib֥a Mtzrֽim:
22: 26 And the men of Judah came to you, saying, "They are not men, but they are men; they are not men; but they are sons of grapes, and they are men, and they are not their wives, nor men."
23: 26 And they brought forth Uriah from Egypt, and brought him to the house of the LORD, and brought him to the house, and brought him down to the house, and took away his inheritance, unto him, unto the grave of the children of Israel, even unto them.
24: 26 Where is your father, your father, your brother, your son, your son, your son?
‪xxxx  Chapter 27   (22 verses)‬
1: 27 In the beginning of the days of Mamluk, there was a commandment of Yahweh, the son of Yושושושִ֖֖֖֖֖, the son of Yoושִִ֖֖֖֖֖, the son of Yדדדדדד֑, the son of Yahweh, the son of Yahweh, the son of Yahweh, the son of Yahweh, the son of David.
2: 27 As for the LORD, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD.
3: 27 and Slhtm֩ Al-m֨lc Ad֜om and Al-m֣lc Moa֗b and Al-m֙lc֙ Bn֣i Am֔on and Al-m֥lc Tz֖r and Al-m֣lc Tzid֑on Bi֤d Mlacim֙ Hba֣im Irosl֔m Al-tzdki֖ho M֥lc Ihodֽh:
4:27 And the commandment was given unto them, unto Elohim, they were not, saying, Amen, O LORD, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD.
5: 27 Anc֞i As֣iti At-ha֗rtz At-had֤m and At-hbhmh֙ Asr֙ Al-fn֣i Ha֔rtz Bchi֙ Hgd֔ol and Bzroa֖i Hntoi֑h and Ntt֕ih Las֖r Is֥r Bainֽi:
6:27 And when she came to me, she gave me all the land of my land, and she gave birth to the son of Nebuchadnezzar, because she was not in the house of the servant of Obadiah. And even the living-offering of the land was given to him, because she had given birth to his servants.
7:27 And his servants, all their wives, and his sons, and his son's sons, built him up, and came to his land, even unto him, and went to him, and they went to him, and went to them, and they multiplied, and they were great.
8: 27 and Hi֨h Hg֜oi and Hmmlc֗h As֨r Lֽa-iabd֤o Ato֙ At-nbocdnatz֣r Mֽlc-bb֔l and A֨t As֤r Lֽa-itn֙ At-tzoar֔o Ba֖l M֣lc Bb֑l Bhrb֩ and Bra֨b and Bd֜br Afk֨d Al-hg֤oi Hhoa֙ Nam-iho֔h Ad-tm֥i At֖m Bidֽo:
9: 27 and ֠atm Al-tsma֨o Al-nbiaic֜m and Al-kֽsmic֗m and Al֙ Hlm֣tic֔m and Al-aֽnnic֖m and Al-csfic֑m Asr-h֞m Amr֤im Alicm֙ Lam֔r L֥a Tabd֖o At-m֥lc Bbֽl:
10: 27 For when they were cold, they were not sacrificed, but they returned to their land, and the LORD gave them to them, and they gave them to them, and they gave them unto them, and they gave them to them, and they took them away.
11:27 And Haggaih, when he brought up the sackcloth, he brought him to the house of the king of the tribe of Baabal, and he worked his way, and gave his inheritance upon his land, and the LORD gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he returned to it, and he returned to it.
12: 27 And unto Zedekiah, behold, I am with you in the hand of the LORD, because I have spoken to all the people of the wilderness, but they have given them hope: they have brought up their captives in the midst of the children, and they have been with them, and their servants have been with him, and his people are with him, and they have lived with him.
13: 27 Why did you not go to the house, and your people were in the midst of evil, and in the midst of the wilderness, the people of Israel, the people of the house of the LORD, returned to the house of Yahweh, to the house of Haggai, and as a result, I will not be afraid of you, but I will bring you into the house.
14: 27 And he said unto them, Behold, I pray thee, O God, I say unto you, I am saying unto thee, Be faithful, thou shalt not worship, thou shalt surely take away thy children: for when they are cold, they shall not come to them.
15: 27 When they came, they did not send their wives, but they came to them, and they were brought in, because they were lying to the people, because they were afraid of you, and their fathers were with them, and the people were coming, and the people were coming to them.
16: 27 Al-hchnim֩ and Al-cl-ha֨m Hz֜h Db֣rti Lam֗r Ch֮ Am֣r Ihoh֒ Aֽl-tsma֞o Al-dbr֣i Nbֽiaic֗m Hֽnba֤im Lcm֙ Lam֔r Hn֨h Cl֧i Bit-iho֛h Mosb֥im Mbb֖lh At֣h Mhr֑h C֣i S֔kr H֖mh Nba֥im Lcֽm:
17: 27 Do not listen to them, but go to them, worship them, and give them to the children of the children, and let them live for themselves. Why? Why are you saying this? This is the light that nourishes the sword.
18: 27 Am-nba֣im H֔m and Am-i֥s Dbr-iho֖h At֑m Ifgao-na֙ Bֽiho֣h Tzba֔ot Lblti-b֜ao Hcl֣im | Hnotr֣im Bbit-iho֗h and B֨it M֧lc Ihod֛h and Birosl֖m Bbֽlh: P.
19: 27 But when he said this, he said, O LORD, the LORD is the LORD, saying, Come, unto the people of Israel, and to them, and to them, and to them, and to the children of the children, and to the children of all the children.
20: 27 As֣r Lֽa-lkh֗m Nbֽocdnatzr֙ M֣lc Bb֔l B֠gloto At-iconi֨h [1] Bn-ihoik֧im Mֽlc-ihod֛h Mirֽosl֖m Bb֑lh and A֛t Cl-hr֥i Ihod֖h and Iroslֽm: S.
21: 27 When the LORD, behold, the LORD, the LORD, is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
22: 27 In the midst of the children of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 28   (17 verses)‬
1: 28 and Ih֣i | Bsn֣h Hh֗ia Brasit֙ Mml֙ct֙ Tzdki֣h Mֽlc-ihod֔h * In ** Bsnh֙ Hֽrba֔it Bh֖ds Hhmis֑i Am֣r Al֡i Hnnih֩ Bn-az֨or Hnb֜ia As֤r Mgbaon֙ Bb֣it Iho֔h Lain֧i Hchn֛im and Cl-ha֖m Lamֽr:
2: 28 Thus the LORD, the LORD, is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
3: 28 Ba֣od | Snt֣im Im֗im An֤i Msib֙ Al-hmk֣om Hz֔h Aֽt-cl-cl֖i B֣it Iho֑h As֨r Lk֜h Nbocdnatz֤r [1] Mֽlc-bbl֙ Mn-hmk֣om Hz֔h and Ibia֖m Bbֽl:
4: 28 At-icni֣h Bn-ihoik֣im Mֽlc-i֠hodh and At-cl-gl֨ot Ihod֜h Hba֣im Bb֗lh An֥i Ms֛ib Al-hmk֥om Hz֖h Nam-iho֑h C֣i Asb֔r At-a֖l M֥lc Bbֽl:
5: 28 And he said unto them, Thou art great, the sons of the sons of Hanan, the sons of the sons of Hanan, for the children of Israel, the sons of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the people of Israel.
6: 28 I֙amr֙ Irmi֣h Hnb֔ia Am֕n C֖n Ias֣h Iho֑h Ik֤m Ihoh֙ At-dbr֔ic As֣r Nb֗at Lhs֞ib Cl֤i Bit-ihoh֙ and Cl-hgol֔h Mbb֖l Al-hmk֥om Hzֽh:
7: 28 But the people of the house of the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds, have been worshiped, so that I may not be able to live in your possession, and in the store of all things.
8: 28 The prophets, the people of Israel, have been married to you, and they have turned away from you, and they have come to the land of Israel, and they have come to the land of Israel, and the land of Israel has been destroyed, and the land of the LORD has been destroyed.
9: 28 The prophet said, "Is it not for the children of Israel, but for the people of Israel?"
10: 28 And the sons of Hanan, the sons of the tribe, brought the donkeys out of the house, and went up to the house of Zohron, and they raised up the rod, and the Nabhites, and it was there that they returned to him.
11: 28 I֣amr Hnnih֩ Lain֨i Cl-ha֜m Lam֗r Ch֮ Am֣r Ihoh֒ C֣ch Asb֞r At-a֣l | Nbֽcdnatz֣r Mֽlc-bb֗l Baod֙ Snt֣im Im֔im Ma֕l [p] Tzo֖ar Cl-hgoi֑m and I֛lc Irmi֥h Hnb֖ia Ldrcֽo: P.
12: 28 And there was a word of the LORD, saying, "Behold, I will not be afraid of you, nor shall I be the last of the captives of the flock of the Hananites." The prophet brought the mutton out of it, so that he commanded him, and he commanded him: "I will lift up the rod;
13: 28 And it came to pass, and she said unto her, O son of Hanan, the son of Ammon, saying, Behold, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD of hosts; and the LORD hath made the house of the LORD, and he hath done the work of the LORD, and he hath done it.
14: 28 C֣i Cֽh-amr֩ Iho֨h Tzba֜ot Alh֣i Isra֗l A֣l Brz֡l Nt֜ti Al-tzo֣ar | Cl-hgoi֣m Ha֗lh Lab֛d At-nbcdnatz֥r Mֽlc-bb֖l and Abd֑ho and G֛m At-hi֥t Hsd֖h Nt֥ti Lֽo:
15: 28 And the LORD said, Lift up, the prophet, behold, the sons of Hanan, the son of the son of Hanan, the son of the son of Sheba, the son of the son of Hanan, the son of Zachar;
16: 28 For this is the truth, but the LORD, the LORD, is the LORD, for I am the one who has lost his power, and he is the one who has given up his power, so that he may return to the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, and the land.
17: 28 And it came to pass, that the children of Hananaih, the Hanbanites, were the ones that were in it, that they were the ones that were in the seventh month of the seventh century.
‪xxxx  Chapter 29   (32 verses)‬
1: 29 and A֙lh֙ Dbr֣i Hs֔fr As֥r Sl֛h Irmi֥h Hnb֖ia Mirosl֑m Al-i֜tr Zkn֣i Hgol֗h and Al-hchn֤im and Al-hnbiaim֙ and Al-cl-ha֔m As֨r Hgl֧h Nbֽocdnatz֛r Mirosl֖m Bbֽlh:
2: 29 And after that, I saw you, the king of Israel, and the Hagarites, the Syrians, and the Syrians, the people of Israel, Jehoahadu, and Jerushalam, and them, and the other, and the king of Persia, and their descendants.
3: 29 By the hand of Elohim, son of Shapiro, son of Hilkiah, the son of Hilkiah, the son of Hilkiah, of blessed memory, of the tribe of Zedekiah, of Judah, the son of Nebuchadnezzar, the son of Nebuchadnezzar, the son of the king returned to you in the midst of the wilderness.
4: 29 Thus the mother of the LORD, the LORD of hosts, commanded the people of Israel, saying, "Behold, I will go out to all the people of Galilee, and I will be exalted, and I will be exalted.
5: 29 Behold, you have been baptized, and have been turned away, and have sinned; they are jealous, and have consumed their fruit.
6: 29 Kh֣o Ns֗im and Holido֮ Bn֣im and Bnot֒ and Kh֨o Lbnic֜m Ns֗im and At-bnֽoticm֙ Tn֣o Lֽans֔im and Tl֖dnh Bn֣im and Bn֑ot and Rbo-s֖m and Al-tmaֽto:
7: 29 And he gave him his hand, saying, "Behold, I will be glad to see you, and I will bring you to the house of the king, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
8: 29 Ci֩ C֨h Am֜r Iho֤h Tzbaot֙ Alh֣i Isra֔l Al-is֧iao Lc֛m Nbֽiaic֥m Asr-bkrbc֖m and Kֽsmic֑m and Aֽl-tsmao֙ Al-hlm֣tic֔m As֥r At֖m Mhlmֽim:
9: 29 For in the midst of the cold they were brought, they came to them in the name of the Lord, and they were not given to them;
10: 29 When the people of Israel died, the LORD said to them, "Behold, I am with you, and I will give you seven children, and I will return to you seven days, and I will give them up, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
11: 29 For when I am with you, I will bring the matter to the attention of the people, and I will give them up, and I will bring them to the land of Israel, and I will return to them, and I will return to them, and they will return to their land, and I will return to them.
12: 29 And I called you, but I did not receive them, but I went to them, and their prayer came to them, and I heard them, and I heard them.
13: 29 And you begged them, and they came out of them, so that they might be trampled on, and they were in me with all their hearts.
14: 29 Nmtz֣ati Lcm֮ Nam-ihoh֒ and Sbt֣i At- * ** Sbotc֗m your home and Kbtzt֣i A֠tcm Mֽcl-hgoi֞m and Mcl-hmkom֗ot As֨r Hd֧hti Atc֛m S֖m Nam-iho֑h and Hsbt֣i Atc֔m Al-h֨mk֔om Asr-hgl֥iti Atc֖m Msֽm:
15: 29 For when I said to them, They humbled themselves: for the LORD was with us, they were born, and they were not in the house.
16: 29 For, behold, the LORD, the LORD, is the God of the people, the one who is sitting down to the throne of the Lord, the LORD, and all the people of the land, that is, the people of the land, and the people of this land.
17: 29 C֤h Amr֙ LORD Tzba֔ot Hnni֙ Msl֣h B֔m At-hh֖rb At-hra֣b and At-hd֑br and Ntt֣i Aot֗m Ctanim֙ Hs֣ar֔im As֥r La-tac֖lnh Mrֽa:
18: 29 Rֽdfti֙ Aֽhrih֔m Bh֖rb Bra֣b and Bd֑br and Ntt֨im * enormity ** Lzao֜h Lc֣l | Mmlc֣ot Ha֗rtz Lal֤h and Lsmh֙ and Lsrk֣h and Lhrf֔h Bcl-hgoi֖m Asr-hdht֥im Sֽm:
19: 29 Thou shalt not give it to the people of Israel, but the people of Israel, the nation of Israel, have not heard of it, but they have not heard it, and they have not heard it;
20: 29 And ye shall hear, O God, the voice of the LORD, all that is mighty, that is, that which is mine, that I have given birth to the inheritance of them, but they are in the house of the LORD.
21: 29 Cֽh-amr֩ Iho֨h Tzba֜ot Alh֣i Isra֗l Al-aha֤b Bn-kֽolih֙ and Al-tzdki֣ho Bn-mֽasi֔h Hֽnba֥im Lc֛m Bsm֖i S֑kr Hnn֣i | Nt֣n At֗m Bid֙ Nbֽocdratz֣r Mֽlc-bb֔l and Hc֖m Lainicֽm:
22: 29 And he gave them a piece of bread, and he gave them bread, and he gave them bread, and he gave them bread, and he gave them bread, and he gave them bread, and he gave them bread, and he gave them bread, and he gave them bread.
23: 29 I֡an Asr֩ As֨o Nbl֜h Bisra֗l and Inֽafo֙ At-ns֣i Rֽaih֔m and Idbr֨o Db֤r Bsmi֙ S֔kr As֖r L֣oa Tzoit֑m and Anc֛i * Hoida ** Hiod֥a and A֖d Nam-ihoֽh: S.
24: 29 And unto the hearing of him, hath he given compassion, that ye may not be righteous?
25: 29 Cֽh-am֞r Iho֧h Tzba֛ot Alh֥i Isra֖l Lam֑r I֡an As֣r Ath֩ Sl֨ht Bsmc֜h Sfr֗im Al-cl-ham֙ As֣r Birosl֔m and Al-tzfni֤h Bn-mֽasih֙ Hch֔n and A֥l Cl-hchn֖im Lamֽr:
26: 29 Iho֞h Ntnc֣ Ch֗n T֚ht Ihoid֣a Hch֔n Lֽhi֤ot Fkdim֙ B֣it Iho֔h Lcl-a֥is Msg֖a and Mtnb֑a and Ntt֥h At֛o Al-hmhf֖ct and Al-htzinֽk:
27: 29 And when she came to her, she came to him, and he did not come down to him, and he grew up in him, and he hated him, and he did not give him any help.
28: 29 For when the children of the children of Israel died, the children of Israel returned to the land of Amor, and they raised up the houses of the children of Israel, and they turned away from them, and they turned away from them, and they turned away from them, and they swallowed up their fruit.
29: 29 And Zippy the son of Zephaniah said, "Behold, I have given up the threshing floor, that is in the ear." Jeremiah raised up the rod.
30: 29 And it shall be the day of the word of the LORD, O LORD, that I will not be afraid;
31: 29 Sl֤h Al-cl-hgolh֙ Lam֔r C֚h Am֣r Iho֔h Al-smai֖h Hnhlm֑i I֡an Asr֩ Nb֨a Lc֜m Smai֗h and ֽani֙ L֣a Slht֔io and Ibt֥h Atc֖m Al-sֽkr:
32: 29 Lc֞n Cֽh-am֣r Iho֗h Hnn֨i Fk֜d Al-smai֣h Hnhlmi֮ and Al-zrao֒ La-ihi֨h L֜o A֣is | Ios֣b | Btoc-ha֣m Hz֗h and Lֽa-ira֥h Bt֛ob Asr-an֥i Asֽh-lam֖i Nam-iho֑h Cֽi-sr֥h Db֖r Al-ihoֽh: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 30   (24 verses)‬
1: 30 The word of the Lord is as it is, the Lord is the LORD, and the LORD is the one who has given up the inheritance of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD.
2: 30 Thus the LORD, O God, is the LORD, O God, O God, O Israel, be faithful to thy scripture, and I will call all things to you, for I will not be afraid of you, but I will bring you up to thy God.
3: 30 C֠i Hn֨h Im֤im Baim֙ Nam-iho֔h and ֠sbti At-sb֨ot Am֧i Isra֛l and ֽihod֖h Am֣r Iho֑h and Hsbt֗im Al-ha֛rtz Asr-nt֥ti Labot֖m and ֽirsֽoh: P.
4: 30 And the LORD spoke unto him, saying, As for the LORD, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD is the God of Israel, and is not Yahweh the LORD.
5: 30 For, behold, the Lord, the Lord, is the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds, the people of Gerad, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the Levites, the Levites, the Levites, and the Levites.
6: 30 Shall we not see it, and see it, if it is not, that it may be remembered, that it shall be full of fear, and that it shall be in the hands of its mighty men, that it shall be on its own feet, and that it shall be born to him, and it shall be turned over to him, and they shall face it all;
7: 30 And he said unto them, Behold, I have gone astray, and this is the day of the Lord, that is, of the people of Israel, and of the people of Israel, and of the land of Israel, it is the land of the LORD, the Lord of the worlds, and of the people of the land.
8: 30 And there was a house in the house of the LORD, and they were not with them, and they were not, and they were not in their hands, and they were not in their hands;
9: 30 And the children of the LORD, the children of the LORD, came unto them, and God was with them, and they were with them, and there was no god but God.
10: 30 At֡h Al-tira֩ Abd֨i Iak֤b Nam-ihoh֙ and Al-th֣t Isra֔l C֠i Hnn֤i Mosֽiac֙ Mֽrh֔ok and Aֽt-zrac֖ Ma֣rtz Sbi֑m and S֧b Iak֛b and Sk֥t and San֖n and A֥in Mhrֽid:
11: 30 Cֽi-atc֥ An֛i Nam-iho֖h Lhֽosia֑c Ci֩ Aas֨h Cl֜h Bcֽl-hgoi֣m | As֧r Hftzot֣ic S֗m A֤c Aֽtc֙ Lֽa-aas֣h Cl֔h and Isrt֙ic֙ Lmsf֔t and Nk֖h L֥a Ankֽc: P.
12: 30 But when the mother said, I am the LORD your God, and I am with you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will make you happy.
13: 30 And the children of the children of Israel, the children of the children of Israel;
14: 30 All those who love thee, forget thee, and give thee strength, that ye may not be ashamed; for I will not destroy thee, but I will destroy thee, and I will destroy thee, and I will destroy thee, and I will destroy thee, and I will not be with thee.
15: 30 What is the thing that you do not know about? Why do not you think that you are in pain? Why do not you go back to your house?
16: 30 For all the food is consumed, all the food is consumed, and all the people are with you, all of them in the midst of their captivity, and they are oppressing you, and they have become oppressed, and you are not ashamed of them, and you shall be ashamed of them, and you shall bring them down to them.
17: 30 For the people of Israel have come up to you, and they have been blessed, and they have been blessed, and they have been blessed with you, so that you may be worthy of the LORD's commandment, so that they may be rejected, because they are afraid of you, because they are evil, because they are evil.
18: 30 So, behold, I am the Lord, O LORD, I am the LORD, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will build them up, and I will build them up, and I will build them up.
19: 30 And he brought them out of the house, and they were not with him, and they were in the midst of battle, and the battle was great, and they were not afraid, and they were hated, and the servants were afraid, and they were not afraid.
20: 30 And his sons, his sons, were like the blood of his people, and his countenance was before him, so that he might be consumed, and that he would go down to him, and all his children would come to him.
21: 30 And he, behold, Edir was his servant, because he was with him, and he was with him; and he was very close to him, and he drew him up, and sacrificed him, and took away his wife, because he was with him. And he said to him, Lo, behold, thou shalt bring his heart unto him, because he is the wife of God;
22: 30 And they came to me, and they went to them, and they came to me, and they came to me, and they came to me.
23: 30 Now, behold, the commandment of Yahweh, the LORD, is the heat of the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, the Lord of the earth, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the wicked, the wicked, the wicked.
24: 30 Lo! The LORD is the king, and he is the king of the people of Israel, even though he is still with him, and he is still standing before him, and he is still waiting for him, and afterward he will return to him, and he will return to the house of the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 31   (40 verses)‬
1: 31 Now, behold, this is the commandment of Naםam-יהו֔֔֔֔ א א א א֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֔֔֔֔֔ ֖ לְ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑ וֽֽֽֽ֖֖֖-ללל לְ לְֽֽ::.
2: 31 So the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Lord, gave birth to the Lord, and he was in the midst of the earth, and the people of the earth were afraid of him, and he was afraid to make him angry, and he was afraid of them.
3: 31 He smote the enemy of the LORD, and he gave him strength: and he gave him strength to him, and he loved the world, and I loved you so much, so that I could give thee strength.
4:31 And the sons of the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the people of Israel;
5:31 And they shall not lie; yea, they shall be lifted up in the mountains, and they shall be saved; yea, they shall not go astray, and they shall not go astray, and they shall be afraid.
6: 31 When they were there, they were called out, and they were born in the wilderness of Ephrִ֑֑֚֚֚֚֚֚֚֚ ו וננ֣֣֣֣ צ֔֔֔ א א ל-י-יהו֖֖֖֖֖֖֖ א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א לְ֖֖֖֖ א א
7: 31 For, behold, the LORD, O LORD, is the LORD, and he is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, and the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
8: 31 Behold, I am the one who is in the midst of you, and they are not from the land of Tzipp, and they are gathered together from the land of the land, but in them they have been cursed, and the people of the land have been destroyed, and there is no fear of the LORD, but there is a nation, and a great nation;
9: 31 Bbc֣i Ib֗ao and ֽbthnonim֮ Aֽobilm֒ Aֽolicm֙ Al-n֣hli M֔im Bd֣rc Is֔r L֥a Icsl֖o B֑h Cֽi-hi֤iti Lisral֙ La֔b and Afr֖im Bc֥ri Hֽoa: S.
10: 31 Behold, the word of the word of the LORD shall be heard, and they shall be gathered together, and they shall be ashamed of it, and they shall not be oppressed, nor shall they be exalted, but the Israelites shall be gathered, and they shall be gathered together, and guarded against it, as it is their flock.
11: 31 When the hand of the LORD came upon him, the LORD came to him, and he returned to him, and he returned to him, and he returned from the house of Hazek, from where they were.
12: 31 Bao֮ and Rnn֣o Bmrom-tzion֒ and Nhr֞o Al-t֣ob Iho֗h Al-dgn֙ and Al-tir֣s and Al-itzh֔r and Al-bni-tz֖an and Bk֑r and Hit֤h Nfsm֙ Cg֣n Ro֔h and La-ios֥ifo Ldab֖h Aֽod:
13:31 Wherefore, thou shalt bear the burden of the inheritance, and it shall be in the land of the children of Israel, and they shall be ashamed of them, and they shall be ashamed, and they shall not be afraid, but they shall be oppressed, and they shall not be ashamed; they shall not be ashamed of themselves, nor shall they be destroyed;
14: 31 And you shall be satisfied: for the fear of the people is not enough, but the people of the people, and the people of the people, are the people of the people.
15: 31 As for the Lord, the Lord is the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe.
16: 31 As for the LORD, behold, the Lord is the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord.
17: 31 And there was a cup of wine for the latter, because the LORD had given it to them, and the sons of the sons of the children were afraid to raise them up.
18: 31 The name of my name is My name, My name is My name, My name is Abraham, and I am the Lord of the world, and I am the Lord of the worlds.
19:31 And when I wake up again, I will return to you, and I will come to you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
20: 31 Hbn֩ Ik֨ir L֜i Afr֗im A֚m I֣ld Sasa֔im Cֽi-md֤i Dbri֙ B֔o Zc֥r Azcr֖no A֑od Al-c֗n Hm֤o Mai֙ L֔o Rh֥m Aֽrhm֖no Nam-ihoֽh: S.
21: 31 My heart, my heart, is your strength, your strength, your strength, my strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your heart, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength and your strength.
22: 31 How long will it be that thou shalt give bread to the LORD, that it may be the bread of the sabbath, for it is so that the bread of the LORD is not, O LORD, that is a new month?
23: 31 Cֽh-am֞r Iho֤h Tzbaot֙ Alh֣i Isra֔l A֣od Iamr֞o At-hdb֣r Hz֗h Ba֤rtz Ihodh֙ and Bar֔io Bsob֖i At-sbot֑m Ibrcc֧ Iho֛h Noh-tz֖dk H֥r Hkֽds:
24:31 And they sat down in the house of Yahweh, all the children of Israel, and all the people of his people, Yahweh, for they were not consumed, and were driven away by the wilderness.
25: 31 For my fear is vain, and there is no fear, and we are full of fear.
26: 31 And I will bring you up to you, and I will see it, and I will bring it to you, and I will bring it to you.
27: 31 Behold, the children of Israel have come to Israel, and the people of Israel have given up the land of Israel, and the people of Israel have been destroyed, and Judah and Judah have been destroyed; therefore they have committed wickedness against them, and they have become evil in their midst.
28: 31 And he gave it to me as a sword, and I gave it to her, but they did not give it to them, and they gave it to them, and to Haraz, and to the father, and to Haradah, so that they went up, and went up to them, to build their houses, and to let them go.
29: 31 In their hearts, they were not saying, They said: 'O father of Abraham, do you not eat it in the furnace, and do not sleep, for you shall not be consumed?'
30: 31 For if the man is in his heart, then shall he be with him, and all the nations shall be with him, and they shall not be consumed; for they shall not be consumed; they shall not be consumed.
31:31 Behold, the children of Israel have come to the house of Yahweh, and they have given birth to Israel, and the people of Israel have been destroyed, and Jehoiada is the son of Judah.
32: 31 L֣a Cbr֗it As֤r Cr֙ti֙ At-abot֔m Biom֙ Hhzik֣i Bid֔m Lhotzia֖m Ma֖rtz Mtzr֑im Asr-h֜mh Hf֣ro At-brit֗i and Anc֛i Ba֥lti B֖m Nam-ihoֽh:
33: 31 C֣i Z֣at Hbr֡it As֣r Acrt֩ At-b֨it Isra֜l Ahr֨i Him֤im Hhm֙ Nam-iho֔h Nt֤ti At-tֽorti֙ Bkrb֔m and Al-lb֖m Actb֑nh and Hi֤iti Lhm֙ Lֽalh֔im and H֖mh Iֽhio-l֥i Laֽm:
34: 31 L֧a Ilmd֣o A֗od A֣is At-ra֜ho and A֤is At-ahio֙ Lam֔r Da֖o At-iho֑h Cֽi-colm֩ Ida֨o Aot֜i Lmktn֤m and Ad-gdolm֙ Nam-iho֔h C֤i Aslh֙ Lֽaoֺn֔m and Lhtat֖m L֥a Azcr-aֽod: S.
35: 31 And behold, behold, the LORD, O LORD, is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
36: 31 If the people of Israel die, they shall not be ashamed of them, but they shall be filled with bread, and they shall not be filled with wine.
37: 31 C֣h | Am֣r Iho֗h Am-im֤do Sm֙im֙ Mlm֔alh and Ihkr֥o Mֽosdi-a֖rtz Lm֑th Gm-an֞i Ama֨s Bcl-z֧ra Isra֛l Aֽl-cl-as֥r As֖o Nam-ihoֽh: S.
38: 31 Behold, it is a day, a day, and it is a day of mourning, and it is a day of mourning for the people of Israel.
39: 31 And He commanded the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land;
40: 31 Cl-ha֣mk Hfgr֣im | and Hd֡sn and Cֽl- * Hsrmot ** Hsdmot֩ Ad-n֨hl Kdr֜on Ad-fn֨t S֤ar Hsosim֙ Mzr֔hh K֖ds Lֽiho֑h Lֽa-int֧s and ֽla-ihr֛s A֖od Laolֽm: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 32   (44 verses)‬
1: 32 Hdb֞r Asr-hi֤h Aֽl-irmi֙ho֙ Ma֣t Iho֔h * In ** Bsnh֙ Hasr֔it Ltzdki֖ho M֣lc Ihod֑h H֧ia Hsn֛h Smnֽh-asr֥h Sn֖h Lnbֽocdratzֽr:
2: 32 And you shall not be ashamed of the children of the children of Israel, nor of the children of Israel, nor of the children of Israel, nor of the children of Israel, nor of the children of Israel; but of the children of Israel, of the children of Israel, of the children of Israel.
3: 32 As֣r Cla֔o Tzdki֥ho Mֽlc-ihod֖h Lam֑r Mdoa֩ At֨h Nb֜a Lam֗r C֚h Am֣r Iho֔h Hnn֨i Nt֜n At-ha֥ir Hz֛at Bi֥d Mֽlc-bb֖l and Lcdֽh:
4: 32 Tzdki֙ho֙ M֣lc Ihod֔h L֥a Iml֖t Mi֣d Hcsd֑im C֣i Hnt֤n Intn֙ Bi֣d Mֽlc-bb֔l and Dbr-f֣io Am-f֔io and Ain֖io At- * ** Ain֥io Traֽinh: eye
5: 32 And the son of the king gave him the blessing of the righteous, and the people of the tribe of Israel, because of them, the people of Israel were there, even the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel and the people of Israel.
6:32 And he said, I will lift him up: for he is the LORD, saying, "Behold, I will come unto you."
7: 32 Behold, the son of Shiloh is the son of Shiloh, the son of Shiloh, the son of Shiloh, the son of Shiloh, the son of Shiloh, your lord, the son of Amor, the son of Nehemiah, your son, for you, my wife, my wife, my wife, for you, my wife, my wife, my wife, and my wife;
8: 32 and Ib֣a A֠li Hnma֨l Bn-dd֜i Cdb֣r Ihoh֮ Al-htz֣r Hmtrh֒ and I֣amr Al֡i Kn֣h N֠a At-sd֨i Asr-bant֜ot As֣r | Ba֣rtz Bnim֗in Cֽi-lc֞ Msf֧t Hirs֛h and Lc֥ Hgal֖h Knh-l֑c and Ad֕a C֥i Dbr-iho֖h Hֽoa:
9:32 And Vaakneh brought forth the sheep, from the tribe of Hanan, to Ben-David, to Asad, to the tribe of Anath, and to Eshkol, to him, he took the sword of the sword, and gave it seven shekels, and the tenth of it was the threshing floor.
10: 32 And the people of Bassefoth, and the children of Israel, went up against them, and the people of Edom went up, and destroyed them, so that the sword was still in the balance.
11: 32 And he took the horn of the horn, and brought it to the table: and it was the bread, and the bread, and the grain of wine.
12: 32 At֞n At-hs֣fr Hmkn֗h Al-br֣oc Bn-nrih֮ Bn-mhsih֒ Laini֙ Hnma֣l Dd֔i and Laini֙ Hֽad֔im Hctb֖im Bs֣fr Hmkn֑h Laini֙ Cl-hihod֔im Hisb֖im Bhtz֥r Hmtrֽh:
13: 32 And I will go down to you, and I will bring you [1].
14: 32 Cֽh-amr֩ Iho֨h Tzba֜ot Alh֣i Isra֗l Lk֣oh At-hsfr֣im Ha֡lh A֣t Sfr֩ Hmkn֨h Hz֜h and A֣t Hht֗om and A֨t S֤fr Hgloi֙ Hz֔h and Ntt֖m Bcli-h֑rs Lm֥an Iamd֖o Im֥im Rbֽim: S.
15: 32 When the mother of Israel came to the house of the LORD, the LORD came to him, saying, O God, be with me, I pray thee, O Israel, I will be born, and you shall be destroyed, and the land shall be destroyed, and they shall be destroyed in the midst of this land.
16: 32 And he began to pray to God, and he said to him afterward, Behold, I have brought the house of Esther to the land of the son of Neriah, and the son of Neri;
17: 32 And you, O Lord, are the LORD, O Jehovah! Behold, I am with thee, thou art the servant of the LORD, and thou shalt bring the people of the land with thy neighbor, even the greatest of the children of Israel, and in the midst of thy wickedness, behold, the children of the children of Israel;
18: 32 And when the men of the tribe of Israel went up, they came to the house, and they returned to the house of Hahik, their sons, after them, after them, after they were great, and Haggib, the son of Jehoah, the son of Zevah, was there, and his people were there.
19: 32 Greatness, the greatness of the Lord, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, and the mighty.
20: 32 When you have taken the oaths, and have given them in the land of Israel, they are the people of Israel, and they are the people of Israel, and this is their destiny, and they have done unto you, which is their name, because they are their enemies.
21: 32 And thou shalt take thy people out of Egypt, but in the house of the children, and in the mouth of the flock, and behold the strength of the hand, and in the midst of the wickedness, they turn away from it, and go down,
22: 32 And their wives gave them this commandment, that is, that which they gave to their fathers, to them they gave to them, but they were not strangers, but they were burned, and they were destroyed.
23: 32 Ib֜ao and Iֽrs֣o At֗h and Lֽa-sma֤o Bkol֙c֙ * and Btrotc ** and Btortc֣ La-hl֔co At֩ Cl-as֨r Tzo֧ith Lh֛m Las֖ot L֣a As֑o and Tkr֣a At֔m A֥t Cl-hra֖h Hzֽat:
24: 32 Hn֣h Hsll֗ot B֣ao Hair֮ Llcdh֒ and Ha֣ir Ntn֗h Bi֤d Hcsdim֙ Hnlhm֣im Al֔ih Mfn֛i Hh֥rb and Hra֖b and Hd֑br and As֥r Db֛rt Hi֖h and Hnc֥ Raֽh:
25: 32 And you, behold, thou art my God, O Lord, O LORD, O LORD, be with thee, O son of thee, that is the land of thee: thou shalt give up the sword, and it shall be gone forever: and the light shall be given to her in the midst of the threshing floor.
26: 32 And there was a word of the LORD, saying, O LORD, I am not afraid;
27: 32 Behold, I am with you, O God, O God, O God, all things are in the flesh;
28: 32 For this is the truth, but the LORD, the LORD, is the LORD, for we are giving the light of the fire, that which is in the hands of the sheep, and that is in the way of Nebuchadnezzar, so that we may be able to bring the son of Israel to the land, and to him by his hand.
29: 32 B֣ao Hcsd֗im Hnlhmim֙ Al-ha֣ir Hz֔at and Htz֜ito At-ha֥ir Hz֛at Ba֖s and Srf֑oh and A֣t Hbt֡im Asr֩ Ktr֨o Al-ggֽotih֜m Lb֗al and Hs֤co Nscim֙ Lalh֣im Ahr֔im Lm֖an Hcasֽni:
30: 32 Cֽi-hi֨o Bnֽi-isra֜l and Bn֣i Ihod֗h A֣c As֥im Hr֛a Bain֖i Mnarֽtih֑m C֣i Bnֽi-isra֗l A֣c Mcas֥im At֛i Bmas֥h Idih֖m Nam-ihoֽh:
31:32 And when I went up to the house of Hamath, I came to my house, and this is the light of the day, and I gave it to the men of the day, and I gave it to him, and to the people of Israel, and to the people of Israel, and to the people of this land, to the people of Israel, to the land of Israel.
32: 32 Al֩ Cl-ra֨t Bnֽi-isra֜l and Bn֣i Ihod֗h As֤r Aso֙ Lhcas֔ni H֤mh Mlcihm֙ Sֽrih֔m Chnih֖m and Nbֽiaih֑m and A֣is Ihod֔h and Isb֖i Iroslֽm:
33: 32 And they turned to him, and they turned away from him, and they came to them, so that they might be ashamed of them, and that they were not, and that they were not heard, nor were they afraid of them.
34: 32 And his mother, Sheik, gave her the children of the house, but they were not in the house, which was taken up by the people, and they were not given to him.
35: 32 Ibno֩ At-bm֨ot Hb֜al As֣r | Bg֣ia Bn-hn֗m L֠habir At-bnih֣m and At-bnotihm֮ Lmlc֒ As֣r Lֽa-tzoit֗im and L֤a Aֽlth֙ Al-lb֔i Las֖ot Htoab֣h Hz֑at Lm֖an * division of the center s ** Hht֥ia At-ihodֽh:
36:32 And the men of Israel, the LORD, the LORD, the God of Israel, said to them, "This is the light of the Israelites, the people of Israel." They said, "If you say, you will not be rebuked, but you will not be rebuked, but you will not be rebelling against us, and you will not be afraid."
37:32 And they shall be gathered together from all the earth, the earth, and the earth; and they shall not be afraid; they shall not be in the heat of the fire, nor shall they be hot; and they shall be filled with rain. And the fire of the captives shall be upon them.
38: 32 And they came to me, but they were not with me, but I came to them, and they came to them, and they were not to God.
39: 32 And I gave them to them, and to them they went to each other, and they returned to you, and they were afraid of them, but they were not all the nations, but they were afraid of them, and their children were still behind them.
40: 32 And you shall have mercy on them: for they are in the land of the LORD, but for them they are not, but they are not the people of Israel, but they are not the people of Israel, but they are the people of Israel, and the people of Israel have been destroyed.
41: 32 And you shall raise them up, and they shall lift them up, and you shall be satisfied with them, and in this land you shall be saved, and you shall be in the midst of all your heart, and in the midst of the nostrils of my life.
42: 32 Cֽi-ch֙ Am֣r Iho֔h Cas֤r Hb֙ati֙ Al-ha֣m Hz֔h A֛t Cl-hra֥h Hgdol֖h Hz֑at C֣n Anc֞i Mb֤ia Alihm֙ At-cl-htob֔h As֥r Anc֖i Db֥r Alihֽm:
43: 32 And he took the land of the land: behold, it was in the land of the thorn, and the land was as it was, and there was no rain, and there was no rain, and there was no rain, and there was no rain, and there was no rain.
44: 32 Sd֞ot Bc֣sf Ikn֗o and Ct֨ob Bs֥fr | and Htom֮ and Ha֣d Adim֒ Ba֨rtz Bnim֜n and Bsbib֣i Irosl֗m and Bar֤i Ihodh֙ and Bar֣i Hh֔r and Bar֥i Hsfl֖h and Bar֣i Hn֑gb Cֽi-as֥ib At-sbot֖m Nam-ihoֽh: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 33   (26 verses)‬
1: 33 And there was a word of the LORD, saying, "Come, I will bring you up to him, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
2:33 Thus the LORD, the LORD, hath made him a servant of the LORD, he is the LORD, and he hath given him strength, and he hath given him guidance to the LORD.
3: 33 Behold, I will come unto you, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee glory, and greatness shall come to you, and the fortitude of the children shall not be known.
4: 33 For behold, the LORD, the LORD, is the God of Israel, the Israelites, the children of Israel, the sons of Israel, the children of Israel and the children of Israel.
5: 33 Ba֗im Lhlhm֙ At-hcsd֔im and Lmlam֙ At-fgr֣i Had֔m Asr-hc֥iti Baf֖i and Bhmt֑i and As֨r Hst֤rti Fni֙ Mha֣ir Hz֔at A֖l Cl-ratֽm:
6:33 הננּ֧נ֧י מעעללהה-ל֛֛ה א אררככ֥֥הּּמְרֵפּ֖א וּרָפאתּת֑ם וגגיתּל֣י֣ת֣ה ל֔ה֔םם עתת֥ר֥ת שת שׁל֖ם֖ם וֱמֽֽת:ת:ה:
7:33 And when my captivity returned, I returned to the house of Yahweh, Yahweh, and the captivity of the captivity, and the children of Israel were born, and the sons of Israel were destroyed, as was their inheritance.
8: 33 And the Lord hath given unto him, the Lord of the worlds, and of the people of the land, and of the people of the land, and of the land of the land, and of the land of the land, and of the land of the land.
9: 33 and H֣ith L֗i Ls֤m Sson֙ Lthl֣h and Ltfa֔rt Lc֖l Goi֣i Ha֑rtz As֨r Isma֜o At-cl-htob֗h As֤r Aֽnci֙ As֣h At֔m and Fhd֣o and Rֽgz֗o A֤l Cl-htobh֙ and A֣l Cl-hsl֔om As֥r Aֽnc֖i A֥sh Lֽh: S.
10: 33 C֣h | Am֣r Iho֗h Aod֮ Ism֣a Bmkom-hzh֒ Asr֙ At֣m Aֽmr֔im Hr֣b H֔oa Ma֥in Ad֖m and Ma֣in Bhm֑h Bar֤i Ihodh֙ and Bhtz֣ot Irosl֔m Hֽnsm֗ot Ma֥in Ad֛m and Ma֥in Ios֖b and Ma֥in Bhmֽh:
11: 33 K֣ol Ss֞on and K֣ol Smh֗h K֣ol Htn֮ and K֣ol Clh֒ K֣ol Amr֡im Hodo֩ At-iho֨h Tzba֜ot Cֽi-t֤ob Ihoh֙ Cֽi-laol֣m Hsd֔o Mba֥im Tod֖h B֣it Iho֑h Cֽi-as֧ib At-sbot-ha֛rtz Cbrasn֖h Am֥r Ihoֽh: S.
12:33 Thus saith the LORD, O LORD, behold, the tribes of Israel are in the midst of the earth, and they are not in the midst of the earth;
13: 33 Bar֨i Hh֜r Bar֤i Hsflh֙ and Bar֣i Hn֔gb and Ba֧rtz Bnim֛n and Bsbib֥i Irosl֖m and Bar֣i Ihod֑h A֣d Tab֧rnh Htz֛an Al-id֥i Mon֖h Am֥r Ihoֽh: S.
14:33 Behold, I am with you, I am with you, and I will bring you to the house of the Lord, the Lord of the earth, and I will bring my house to the house of the Israelites, and to the house of Yahweh, Yahweh,
15:33 And they shall die, and behold, this is the time of the Lord, that is, to the Lord, the Lord of the righteous, the righteous, and the servant of the righteous, the righteous, and the righteous.
16:33 Behold, ye shall not be ashamed, O Jehovah, O Israel, and Jeruselam, but thou shalt not dwell in the land of the land, and the land thereof, which is called unto the LORD, the LORD thy God;
17: 33 For if the mother of the LORD dwelleth not, he shall not be ashamed, but he shall return to David, and there shall be no man, and he shall be turned on his throne, because he is not in the house of the children of Israel.
18: 33 And the sons of the sons of the Levites came to them; they were not numbered; they were not a man of the tribe, but the people of the tribe of Israel were exalted, and the children of the tribe of Mihneh were destroyed, and the land of the land was destroyed. [P] כל -היממֽֽם.
19: 33 And I will be like the word of the LORD, O LORD, and I will not be afraid of him;
20:33 So the mother said, "Surely, the LORD is with you!" "Do you repent?" "You have taken the covenant of the children of Israel!" "You are the enemy, and you are the daughter of the children!" "Come to me, and go to Babylon." Behold, I will come to you, and I will return to you.
21: 33 And the people of Biryah, the sons of Thaber, were brought to the house of David, and the servants of the tribe of Ba֖֖֖֖֖ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ ֖ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ ו ו ו ו֥֥֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ ֥ הַ֥ הַ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ ִיש֥ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ
22: 33 As for the people of the tribe of Nazareth, the tribe of Zebo, the people of Israel, and the people of the land of Judah, the LORD of the Allies, and the people of the land, were they, and the people of the land, and the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land.
23: 33 And it shall come to pass, that the word of the LORD shall come to pass, but it shall not come to pass;
24: 33 Hl֣oa Ra֗it Mֽh-ha֤m Hzh֙ Dbr֣o Lam֔r St֣i Hmsfh֗ot As֨r Bh֧r Iho֛h Bh֖m and Imas֑m and At-ami֙ Inatz֔on Mֽhi֥ot A֖od G֥oi Lfnihֽm: S.
25:33 So the mother said, "The LORD is the LORD, but the mother is not in the house of Ruth, but the day of them is gone, and this is the day of the law, which is the name of the name of the nation, and the land that is not mine."
26: 33 Gm-z֣ra Iakob֩ and Do֨d Abd֜i Ama֗s Mk֤ht Mzrao֙ Mֽsl֔im Al-z֥ra Abrh֖m Ish֣k and Iak֑b Cֽi- * ** As֥ib At-sbot֖m come back and Rhmtֽim: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 34   (22 verses)‬
1: 34 Hdb֛r Asr-hi֥h Aֽl-irmi֖ho Ma֣t Iho֑h and Nbocdratz֣r Mֽlc-bb֣l | and Cl-hil֡o and Cl-mmlc֣ot Artz֩ Mms֨lt Id֜o and Cl-ham֗im Nlhm֧im Al-irosl֛m and Al-cl-ar֖ih Lamֽr:
2: 34 Cֽh-am֤r Ihoh֙ Alh֣i Isra֔l Hlc֙ and A֣mrt֔ Al-tzdki֖ho M֣lc Ihod֑h and Amrt֣ Al֗io C֚h Am֣r Iho֔h Hnn֨i Nt֜n At-ha֤ir Hzat֙ Bi֣d Mֽlc-bb֔l and Srf֖h Baֽs:
3: 34 And thou shalt not be filled with water, but it shall be filled with water: for it shall be filled with bread, and it shall be given to you, that ye may give it to the eyes of the eyes of the eyes of the eyes of the eyes of the eyes of your eyes, and to your eyes, and to your eyes, and to your eyes.
4: 34 I am your servant, who is the son of David, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David;
5: 34 Bsl֣om Tm֗ot and ֽcmsrf֣ot A֠botic Hmlc֨im Hrֽasn֜im Asr-hi֣o Lfn֗ic C֚n Isrfo-l֔c and H֥oi Ad֖on Isfdo-l֑c Cֽi-db֥r Anֽi-db֖rti Nam-ihoֽh: S.
6: 34 And he spoke to Jeremiah, saying unto him, Shall I give thee justice unto thee, O son of Judah? Behold, I am all the children of Israel, and I have brought them to you in Yerushalayim.
7: 34 and H֣il Mֽlc-bb֗l Nlhmim֙ Al-ir֣osl֔m and A֛l Cl-ar֥i Ihod֖h Hnֽotr֑ot Al-lcis֙ and Al-azk֔h C֣i H֗nh Nsar֛o Bar֥i Ihod֖h Ar֥i Mbtzֽr: P.
8: 34 The LORD is the LORD, who is the LORD, the LORD, the God of the LORD, the LORD, the God of Israel, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the God of Israel, and the people of Israel.
9: 34 To him he sent his servant, the servant of his servants, and the man of the tribe of Shaphat, his son, the son of Abram, and the people of Laban;
10: 34 Ismao֩ Cl-hsr֨im and Cl-ha֜m Asr-b֣ao Bbr֗it L֠slh A֣is At-abd֞o and A֤is At-sfhto֙ Hfs֔im Lblt֥i Abd-b֖m A֑od and ֽisma֖o and Islֽho:
11: 34 And there was a son, and they brought him up after the people, and they brought the servants to the house, and the captivity, and the sheep, and the sheep, and the sheep, and the sheep, and the sheep, and the sheep, and the sheep, and the sheep, and the sheep, and the sheep, and the sheep;
12: 34 And there came to me the word of Jehovah, saying, I pray thee, I pray thee, I fear thee, that thou mayest be afraid of the presence of the LORD, O LORD,
13:34 So, behold, the Lord is the LORD, O God, the God of Israel, and the people of Israel; for I am not worthy of you, because I have not seen them, but I have seen them in the house, and I have seen them, because they have not been saved, yet I have lost them, and they have been saved from the land of Israel.
14: 34 Mk֣tz S֣ba Sn֡im Tֽslh֡o Ais֩ At-ah֨io Habr֜i Asֽr-imc֣r Lc֗ and Abֽdc֙ S֣s Sn֔im and Slht֥o Hfs֖i Mֽam֑c and Lֽa-sma֤o Abֽoticm֙ Al֔i and L֥a Ht֖o At-aznֽm:
15: 34 And you shall be ashamed of them, for they are the children of the world, and do the wickedness that is in the eyes of the people, and to bring them back to the house of the LORD, because there is no man to hate him, and thou shalt confess him to him, and to him, to him, and to him, and to him,
16: 34 Ts֙bo֙ and Thll֣o At-sm֔i and Ts֗bo A֤is At-abdo֙ and A֣is At-sfht֔o Asr-slht֥m Hfs֖im Lnfs֑m and Tcbs֣o At֔m Lֽhi֣ot Lc֔m Labd֖im and Lsfhֽot: S.
17: 34 Lcn֮ Ch-am֣r Ihoh֒ Atm֙ Lֽa-smat֣m Al֔i Lkr֣a Dr֔or A֥is Lah֖io and A֣is Lra֑ho Hnn֣i Kra֩ Lc֨m Dr֜or Nam-iho֗h Al-hh֙rb֙ Al-hd֣br and Al-hra֔b and Ntt֤i Atcm֙ * enormity ** Lzao֔h Lc֖l Mmlc֥ot Haֽrtz:
18: 34 Ntt֣i At-hans֗im Haֽbrim֙ At-brt֔i As֤r Lֽa-hk֙imo֙ At-dbr֣i Hbr֔it As֥r Crt֖o Lfn֑i Ha֙gl֙ As֣r Crt֣o Lsn֔im and Iabr֖o B֥in Btrֽio:
19: 34 The people of Judah, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, are the children of Israel, the inhabitants of the land of Israel, and the people of the land, the people of Israel, and the people of the land, the land of the people, the people of the land, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel.
20: 34 And I will give them bread, and I will give them bread, and I will give them bread, and I will give them bread, and I will give them bread, and I will give them bread, and I will give them bread, and I will give them bread.
21:34 And the righteous are your children, because you are in Judah, and you and your wife are the ones who are with you, because they are the ones who give birth to them, and they will not return to them, because they will not be satisfied with them, but in the hands of the children of Israel, your children will return to you, and they will rise up from above you.
22: 34 Hnn֨i Mtzo֜h Nam-iho֗h and Hs֨bt֜im Al-ha֤ir Hzat֙ and Nlhm֣o Al֔ih and Lcd֖oh and Srf֣h Ba֑s and At-ar֧i Ihod֛h At֥n Smm֖h Ma֥in Isֽb: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 35   (19 verses)‬
And the son of Josiah the son of Jehoiah, the son of Yהוּדדד֛ מ מ, descended from Judah, the son of Yּֽדדד֖֖֖, the son of Yֹּדד֛֖֖֖, the son of Yִֹד֛֛֖֖֖, the son of Yֹּדד֛֖֖֖;
2: 35 Behold, thou shalt go up to the house of the thrones, and thou shalt speak with them, and their fathers shall be with them, but the LORD shall come to them, and the LORD shall be the God of the Levites, and the Levites shall not be with them.
3:35 And he took the ears of the children with him, and they brought him to him: son of Ahabazneh, him, and his brother, and all his sons, and all the sons of the sons of Rehoboth.
4: 35 Ab֤a Atm֙ B֣it Iho֔h Al-lsc֗t Bn֛i Hn֥n Bn-igdli֖ho A֣is Halh֑im Asr-a֙tzl֙ Lsc֣t Hsr֔im As֣r Mm֗al Llsc֛t Masi֥ho Bn-sl֖m Sm֥r Hsֽf:
5:35 And they came before me, the sons of the house, the house of the threshing floor, they were full of mountains, and they were not filled with wine, and they were covered with bread, and they said unto them, Where are they?
6: 35 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go down to sleep; for the son of the son of Aaron hath blessed us, and our fathers have not commanded them, but they have given us up to them, and they have not given up their wives; they have been saved by their wives, and they have been brought up by them for ever.
7: 35 B֣it Lֽa-tbn֗o and Z֤ra Lֽa-tzr֙ao֙ and C֣rm Lֽa-tt֔ao and L֥a Iֽhi֖h Lc֑m C֠i Bahl֤im Tֽsbo֙ Cl-imic֔m Lm֨an Tֽhi֜o Im֤im Rbim֙ Al-fn֣i Hadm֔h As֥r At֖m Gr֥im Sֽm:
8: 35 And the people of Ba֨֨֨֨֨֨֨ י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י֤֤ ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב בּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּ֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙:::::::::
9: 35 And you shall not be ashamed of yourselves, but you shall return to our land, and you shall return to it, and it shall be destroyed, and its land shall be desolate;
10: 35 And we shall return to the house of the LORD, and we will not go astray, and we shall do as we have done, that our people shall command, and we shall return to our fathers.
11: 35 Ih֗i Bal֨ot Nbocdratz֥r Mֽlc-bbl֮ Al-hartz֒ and N֗amr B֚ao and Nb֣oa Irosl֔m Mfni֙ H֣il Hcsd֔im and Mfn֖i H֣il Ar֑m and N֖sb Biroslֽm: P.
12: 35 And there was a word of the word of the LORD, saying, "Come, I pray thee."
13: 35 Cֽh-am֞r Iho֤h Tzbaot֙ Alh֣i Isra֔l Hl֤c and Aֽmrt֙ La֣is Ihod֔h and Liֽosb֖i Irֽosl֑m Hl֨oa Tkh֥o Mos֛r Lsm֥a Al-dbr֖i Nam-ihoֽh:
14: 35 Hok֡m At-dbr֣i Ihond֣b Bn-r֠cb Asr-tzo֨h At-bn֜io Lblt֣i Stֽot-i֗in and L֤a Sto֙ Ad-hi֣om Hz֔h C֣i Sֽma֔o A֖t Mtzo֣t Abih֑m and A֨nc֜i Db֤rti Alicm֙ Hsc֣m and Db֔r and L֥a Smat֖m Alֽi:
15: 35 Asl֣h Alic֣m At-cl-abd֣i Hnba֣im | Hsc֣im and Sl֣h | Lam֡r Sbo-n֡a Ais֩ Mdrc֨o Hra֜h and Hit֣ibo Mֽallic֗m and Al-t֨lc֜o Ahr֨i Alh֤im Ahrim֙ Labd֔m and Sbo֙ Al-h֣adm֔h Asr-nt֥ti Lc֖m and Labֽtic֑m and L֤a Htitm֙ Aֽt-aznc֔m and L֥a Smat֖m Alֽi:
16: 35 When the sons of the children of Israel were destroyed, the son of Rechab rebuked the people of their fathers, but they did not die, and their commandment was fulfilled, and this was not the cause of the people.
17: 35 L֠cn Cֽh-am֨r Iho֜h Alh֤i Tzbaot֙ Alh֣i Isra֔l Hnn֧i Mb֣ia Al-ihod֗h and A֤l Cl-iֽosbi֙ Ir֣osl֔m A֚t Cl-h֣ra֔h As֥r Db֖rti Alih֑m I֣an Db֤rti Alihm֙ and L֣a Sm֔ao and Akr֥a Lh֖m and L֥a Anֽo:
18: 35 Lb֨it Hrcb֜im Am֣r Irmi֗ho Cֽh-am֞r Iho֤h Tzbaot֙ Alh֣i Isra֔l I֚an As֣r Smat֔m Al-mtzo֖t Ihond֣b Abic֑m and ֽtsmro֙ At-cl-mtzoֺt֔io and ֽtas֔o Cc֥l Asr-tzo֖h Atcֽm: S.
19: 35 For this is the truth, but the LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the God of Israel, and the people of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 36   (32 verses)‬
1: 36 And he was the son of the son of Yashik, the son of Yashai, the son of Yashai, the son of Yahweh, Yahweh of Judah, who was the son of Yahweh, the son of Yahweh, the son of David, the son of David, the son of Yashad, the son of Yּּד֑֑֑֑;
2: 36 Kh-lc֮ Mglt-sfr֒ and Ctbt֣ Al֗ih A֣t Cl-hdbr֞im Asr-db֧rti Al֛ic Al-isra֥l and Al-ihod֖h and Al-cl-hgoi֑m Mi֞om Db֤rti Al֙ic֙ Mim֣i Iasi֔ho and A֖d Hi֥om Hzֽh:
3: 36 Aol֤i Ismao֙ B֣it Ihod֔h A֚t Cl-h֣ra֔h As֛r Anc֥i Hs֖b Las֣ot Lh֑m Lm֣an Is֗obo A֚is Mdrc֣o Hra֔h and Slht֥i Laoֺn֖m and Lhtatֽm: S.
4: 36 And they came to him, and they brought him up, and brought him to the house of the son of Neriah, and he came to him, and he blessed him, and he rebuked him, and brought him forth: and he raised him up: and he said unto him, All things shall be spoken, O Jehovah, that is, that he hath given up unto him, that he may not go into exile.
5: 36 And they commanded her, lift up him, and bring him to the house of Amor, and I will be blessed, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
6: 36 and Bat֣ At֡h and Kr֣at Bmgl֣h Asr-ctֽbt-mfi֩ At-dbr֨i Iho֜h Bazn֥i Ha֛m B֥it Iho֖h Bi֣om Tz֑om and G֨m Bazn֧i Cl-ihod֛h Hba֥im Marih֖m Tkraֽm:
7: 36 O son of the king, I will give you the charge of the flock, and I will give you a blessing, O LORD, and I will return to you, and I will be with you, and I will go down to you, and I will go down to you, and I will go down to you, and I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
8: 36 And the son of Asher, blessed be the son of Nechariah, gave birth to him as a king, which he commanded him to raise up, because he was the son of the son, so that he might come down to the land of Israel, saying, "Behold, the LORD is the LORD, the Son of the LORD!"
9: 36 and Ih֣i Bsn֣h H֠hmsit Lihoik֨im Bn-iasi֤ho Mֽlc-ihodh֙ Bh֣ds Htsa֔i Kra֨o Tz֜om Lfn֧i Iho֛h Cl-ha֖m Birֽosl֑m and Cl-ha֗m Hba֛im Mar֥i Ihod֖h Biroslֽm:
10: 36 Ikr֨a Br֥oc Bs֛fr At-dbr֥i Irmi֖ho B֣it Iho֑h Blsc֡t Gmriho֩ Bn-sf֨n Hsf֜r Bhtz֣r Hali֗on F֣th S֤ar Bit-ihoh֙ Hֽhd֔s Bazn֖i Cl-haֽm:
11: 36 And Moses, the son of Gumai, made him a son of Shaphan, saying all the word of the LORD, saying, O LORD, I am going out of the midst of the wilderness.
12: 36 I֤rd Bit-hm֙lc֙ Al-lsc֣t Hsf֔r and H֨nh-s֔m Cl-hsr֖im Iֽosb֑im Alism֣a Hsf֡r and Dli֣ho Bn-s֠maiho and Alnt֨n Bn-acb֜or and Gmri֧ho Bn-sf֛n and Tzdki֥ho Bn-hnni֖ho and Cl-hsrֽim:
13:36 And Haggadah was theirs, because of it all, that is, all the things of the word, but as a man, there was a rainbow in the morning, and a fire broke out in the mouth, and in the ear,
14: 36 Islh֨o Cl-hsr֜im Al-br֗oc At-ihod֡i Bn-n֠tniho Bn-slmi֣ho Bn-cosi֮ Lamr֒ Hmgl֗h As֨r Kr֤at Bh֙ Bazn֣i Ha֔m Kh֥nh Bidc֖ and L֑c and ֠ikh Br֨oc Bn-nri֤ho At-hmglh֙ Bid֔o and Ib֖a Alihֽm:
15: 36 And he said unto him, Come unto him, that it is not, that there shall be a fountain of light, and we shall see it, and it shall come to us in our brethren, and it shall come to pass, and it shall be cold in its ears;
16: 36 And when they heard the voice of all the people, they were afraid, and they were afraid of the evil of the LORD, and they said to him, Come unto the Lord, and go down to the Haggadah, and we will fight against you, and let all the generations go down, all the people of the land.
17: 36 And the people of Baer, ​​blessed be they, came unto the Lord of the Fire, and we said unto thee, Behold, thy eyes have not destroyed all the people, but they have brought him out of his mouth.
18: 36 And he said to them, "Behold, I will see you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you." Then all the people came to him, saying, "All of you are here, and I am with you, and I am with you, and I will go to the house of the king of Israel."
19: 36 And the men said unto him, Thou shalt not go down unto him, Thou shalt go down to thee: thou shalt be afraid of him, and lift him up with him: and I will bring them to the hand of the hand of thine eyes.
20: 36 And they came to him, to the king, and to him, to the gate of the wilderness, and to the scroll of the fire, they turned away from him in the midst of the sackcloth, and the thief came out, and brought him away, and in the ear of the handmaid, all the women went away.
21: 36 Isl֨h Hm֜lc At-ihod֗i Lk֙ht֙ At-hmgl֔h and I֨kh֔h Mlsc֖t Alism֣a Hsf֑r and Ikra֤h Ihodi֙ Bazn֣i Hm֔lc and Bazni֙ Cl-hsr֔im Hamd֖im Ma֥l Hmֽlc:
22: 36 And the one who is going to sit down is the one who is in the house, the one who is in charge of the inheritance, and the one who is facing it.
23: 36 Ih֣i | Ckr֣oa Ihod֗i Sl֣s Dltot֮ and Arbah֒ Iֽkra֙h֙ Bt֣ar Hsf֔r and Hsl֕c Al-ha֖s As֣r Al-ha֑h Ad-tm֙ Cl-hmgl֔h Al-ha֖s As֥r Al-haֽh:
24: 36 And it is not a fear, but it is not, nor is it, that it hath taken away all its children, but it is the one who is in charge of it, and all the works of it that are in it, and the people of all nations, all of them, all of them, all of them;
25: 36 And they also said to him, "Behold, I will not let you go, and my people will come to you, and I will be filled with them, and I will come to you in the midst of your journey." "Behold, I will send the Maggil to you, and it will not come to pass.
26: 36 Itzo֣h H֠mlc At-irhma֨l Bn-hm֜lc and At-sri֣ho Bn-azria֗l and At-sֽlmi֙ho֙ Bֽn-abda֔l Lk֙ht֙ At-br֣oc Hsf֔r and A֖t Irmi֣ho Hnb֑ia and Istr֖m Ihoֽh: S.
27: 36 And behold, the word of the LORD came to me, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, that the people of the land were brought forth, and that the LORD had given up the commandment of the LORD.
28: 36 S֥ob Kh-lc֖ Mgl֣h Ah֑rt and Ct֣b Al֗ih A֤t Cl-hdbrim֙ Hr֣asn֔im As֣r Hi֗o Al-hmglh֙ Hr֣asn֔h As֥r Sr֖f Ihoik֥im Mֽlc-ihodֽh:
29: 36 Al-ihoik֤im Mֽlc-ihodh֙ Tam֔r C֖h Am֣r Iho֑h A֠th Sr֜ft At-hmgl֤h Hzat֙ Lam֔r Mdoa֩ Ct֨bt Al֜ih Lam֗r Bֽa-ib֤oa Mֽlc-bbl֙ and Hshit֙ At-ha֣rtz Hz֔at and Hsb֥it Mm֖nh Ad֥m and Bhmֽh: S.
30: 36 Lc֞n Cֽh-am֣r Iho֗h Al-ihֽoikim֙ M֣lc Ihod֔h La-iֽhih-l֥o Ios֖b Al-cs֣a Do֑d and Nblto֙ Tֽhi֣h Msl֔ct Lh֥rb Bi֖om and Lk֥rh Blֽilh:
31: 36 Fkdt֨i Al֧io and Al-zra֛o and Al-abd֖io At-aoֺn֑m and Hbat֣i A֠lihm and Al-isb֨i Irosl֜m and Al-a֣is Ihod֗h A֧t Cl-hra֛h Asr-db֥rti Alih֖m and L֥a Smֽao: S.
32: 36 Irmi֜ho Lk֣h | Mgl֣h Ah֗rt and ֽitnh֮ Al-br֣oc Bn-nriho֮ Hsfr֒ and Ict֤b Al֙ih֙ Mf֣i Irmi֔ho A֚t Cl-dbr֣i Hs֔fr As֥r Sr֛f Ihoik֥im Mֽlc-ihod֖h Ba֑s and A֨od Nos֧f Alih֛m Dbr֥im Rb֖im Chֽmh: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 37   (21 verses)‬
1: 37 And he went into the house of Meziel, the Tzadikiah, the son of YHWH, and his wife, his father, and his sons, and his sons, and the sons of YHWH, the sons of YHWH, the sons of YHWH.
2: 37 And this is the name of the people, and the servants of the people, and the people of the land, unto the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God.
3: 37 and Islh֩ Hm֨lc Tzdki֜ho At-ihoc֣l Bn-sֽlmi֗h and At-tzfni֤ho Bn-mֽasih֙ Hch֔n Al-irmi֥ho Hnb֖ia Lam֑r Htfll-n֣a Bad֔no Al-iho֖h Alhֽino:
4: 37 And Jeremiah lifted him up, and brought him to the house of the children of Israel, and they did not receive him, but they brought him to the house of the prison.
5:37 And the children of Pharao, the children of Nazareth, came out of Mizrayam, and heard the children of the tribe of Israel, the children of Israel, who were against Israel, even though they had not heard the word of the people, but the people of Israel were not satisfied with the people of Jeruselem.
6: 37 And the word of the word of the LORD came to me: to Jeremiah, behold, the son of the son of Israel was born to Amor.
7: 37 Cֽh-am֤r Ihoh֙ Alh֣i Isra֔l C֤h [c] Tֽamro֙ Al-m֣lc Ihod֔h Hsl֧h Atc֛m Al֖i Ldrs֑ni Hn֣h | H֣il Fra֗h Hitz֤a Lcm֙ Lazr֔h S֥b Lartz֖o Mtzrֽim:
8: 37 And when the people of Heshshadah were destroyed, they took their oaths upon the fire, and this is the fire, and they took possession of it, and they burned it down.
9:37 So, behold, the Lord, O LORD, hath given unto thee, Thou shalt not be satisfied; and thou shalt not be blessed, nor be thy servant, nor thy lord, nor thy lord, nor thy lord;
10: 37 When the mother of the children cried out all the men of the land, they went to the house, and the men of the tribe of Israel went to them, and they remained silent, because they were men, and they were not numbered, but they were no longer alive; they were ashamed of them, and they were ashamed of them;
11: 37 And behold, behold, in the generations of the children of Hilel, the scepter of the land of Israel, the land of Israel was destroyed, and the land of Israel was destroyed.
12: 37 And the children of Israel were raised up, and they were afraid of them, because they were not worthy of them, but they were not the children of the children of Israel, but the children of Israel were among them.
13: 37 Ihi-h֞oa Bs֣ar Bnim֗n and Sm֙ B֣al Fkd֔t and Smo֙ Irai֔ih Bn-sֽlmi֖h Bn-hnni֑h and Itf֞s Aֽt-irmi֤ho Hnbia֙ Lam֔r Al-hcsd֖im At֥h Nfֽl:
14:37 And he said, I will lift him up, that I will be cold, but I will not fall upon the scepter, nor will it be any more that the people of Israel will go astray, and they will come to them that fear it, that they may come to him in their midst, and bring him to the land of the LORD.
15:37 And the men of the flock multiplied, and cursed him, and brought him to him, and they gave him strength, and he gave him strength, and he gave him strength, and he gave him strength, and he gave him strength, and he gave him his strength.
16: 37 When they came, they lifted him up to the house of the son of Laboreth, and to the Hananites, they returned, and they returned to their captivity, and lifted up their tents, and they rose up far away.
17: 37 Islh֩ Hm֨lc Tzdki֜ho and Ikh֗ho and Isal֨ho Hm֤lc Bbito֙ Bs֔tr and I֕amr Hi֥s Db֖r Ma֣t Iho֑h and I֤amr Irmi֙ho֙ I֔s and I֕amr Bi֥d Mֽlc-bb֖l Tntֽn: S.
18:37 And he said to Jeremiah, Bring him down to your right hand, and bring him to me: what is the sin of your servant?
19: 37 And Iw, and behold, they were born, and they came, that which came to them, to them that were not born, but they were not born, but they were in the midst of them, so that they might go up to them, and this was the land of the trees.
20: 37 And when she saw that the people of Israel were gone, the people of Adonai came to me, and I asked you, "How are you?" I asked you, "Do not give me a favor, because you are not in favor of me, and I will not return to you, because you are the son of the LORD, and you are the one who is the Savior, and you are not a nation."
21: 37 Itzo֞h Hm֣lc Tzdki֗ho and Ifk֣do Aֽt-irmiho֮ Bhtz֣r Hmtrh֒ and Ntn֩ L֨o Ccr-l֤hm Liom֙ Mh֣otz Haf֔im Ad-t֥m Cl-hl֖hm Mn-ha֑ir and I֣sb Irmi֔ho Bhtz֖r Hmtrֽh:
‪xxxx  Chapter 38   (28 verses)‬
1: 38 and Ism֞a Sfti֣h Bn-mt֗n and Gdli֙ho֙ Bn-fsh֔or and Iocl֙ Bn-s֣lmi֔ho and Fsh֖or Bn-mlci֑h A֨t-hdbr֔im As֧r Irmi֛ho Mdb֥r Al-cl-ha֖m Lamֽr: S.
2: 38 So the LORD said to him, "The Lord is the one who sits in the midst of the city of Hazor, the one who is in the midst of the wilderness, the one who is in the midst of evil, and the one who is alone in the wilderness, and the one who brought the sheep to the land." "Yahya," and "life," and "his life," and "his soul, his soul, his soul, his strength and his strength."
3:38 So the mother said, "O LORD, Lord, have mercy on you, and you have given me the gift of the Lord, and this is the light that is in your hands, and the light of your heart is upon you, and on your hand, and on your hands."
4: 38 Iamr֨o Hsr֜im Al-hm֗lc I֣omt Na֮ At-ha֣is Hzh֒ Cֽi-al-c֡n Hֽoa-mrf֡a At-idi֩ Ans֨i Hmlhm֜h Hֽnsar֣im | Ba֣ir Hz֗at and At֙ Id֣i Cl-ha֔m Ldb֣r Alih֔m Cdbr֖im Ha֑lh C֣i | Ha֣is Hz֗h Ain֨no Dr֧s Lsl֛om La֥m Hz֖h C֥i If he is afraid of her?
5:38 And he said unto him, Thou shalt go down unto thy righteousness, and behold it, they shall be in your hands; for they are not, and they are not, but they are not in thee;
6: 38 Ikh֣o Aֽt-irmi֗ho and Isl֨co At֜o Al-hb֣or | Mlci֣ho Bn-hm֗lc Asr֙ Bhtz֣r Hmtr֔h and Islh֥o Aֽt-irmi֖ho Bhbl֑im and Bb֤or Aֽin-m֙im֙ C֣i Am-t֔it and Itb֥a Irmi֖ho Btֽit: S.
7:38 And he will bring the people of Israel into the land of the enchantment, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall be destroyed in the midst of their children, and they shall be brought to the house of the LORD, and they shall be brought to the house of the LORD.
8: 38 And he gave it to the people of the house of the king, and he went to the house of the king, and went to the house of Amor.
9: 38 Adn֣i Hm֗lc Hr֜ao Hans֤im Ha֙lh֙ A֣t Cl-as֤r Aso֙ Lirmi֣ho Hnb֔ia A֥t Asr-hsl֖ico Al-hb֑or and I֤mt Thtio֙ Mfn֣i Hֽra֔b C֣i A֥in Hl֛hm A֖od Baֽir:
10: 38 Itzo֣h Hm֔lc A֛t Aֽbd-m֥lc Hcos֖i Lam֑r K֣h Bidc֤ Mzh֙ Sls֣im Ans֔im and ֽhal֜it Aֽt-irmi֧ho Hnb֛ia Mn-hb֖or Bt֥rm Imֽot:
11: 38 Ik֣h | Aֽbd-m֨lc At-hans֜im Bid֗o and Ib֤a Bit-hm֙lc֙ Al-t֣ht Haotz֔r and Ik֤h Msm֙ Bloi֣ * ** Shb֔ot rags and Bloi֖ Mlh֑im and Islh֧m Aֽl-irmi֛ho Al-hb֖or Bhblֽim:
12: 38 I֡amr Abd-m֨lc Hcos֜i Aֽl-irmi֗ho S֣im N֠a Bloa֨i Hshb֤ot and Hmlhim֙ T֚ht Atzl֣ot Id֔ic Mt֖ht Lhbl֑im and I֥as Irmi֖ho Cֽn:
13:38 And he drew up his hands, and lifted him up, and brought him to the house, and he took him away, and brought him up from his house, and he returned to his house, and lifted him up in the midst of the mountain.
14: 38 Isl֞h Hm֣lc Tzdki֗ho and Ik֞h Aֽt-irmi֤ho Hnbia֙ Al֔io Al-mboa֙ Hslis֔i As֖r Bb֣it Iho֑h and I֨amr Hm֜lc Aֽl-irmi֗ho Sa֨l An֤i Aֽtc֙ Db֔r Al-tch֥d Mm֖ni Dbֽr:
15:38 And he said to him, Bring me up, I pray thee, I pray thee, for I am not worthy of thee, for I am not worthy of thee, but thou hast gone astray, that I may die, and I am thirsty for you: and I will not give thee salvation.
16: 38 Isb֞a Hm֧lc Tzdki֛ho Aֽl-irmi֖ho Bs֣tr Lam֑r Hi-iho֞h * the Asr֩ Ash-l֨no At-hn֤fs Hzat֙ Am-amit֔c and Am-atnc֗ Bid֙ Hans֣im Ha֔lh As֥r Mbks֖im At-nfsֽc: S.
17: 38 I֣amr Irmi֣ho Al-tzdki֡ho Cֽh-am֣r Ihoh֩ Alh֨i Tzba֜ot Alh֣i Isra֗l Am-itz֨a Ttz֜a Al-sr֤i Mֽlc-bbl֙ and Hit֣h Nfs֔c and Ha֣ir Hz֔at L֥a Tsr֖f Ba֑s and Hi֖th At֥h and Bitֽc:
18:38 And he said to them, 'Do not go to me, I pray thee, and I will give you the light, and I will give it to you, and this is the light, that is, and it is in the midst of the threshing floor, and I will bring it forth to you, and I will bring it to you, and I will bring it to you.'
19:38 And he said to him, "What is your right hand?" I asked him, "Do you not know what I am?" I asked him, "Do you not see the people of Judah?" They said, "Do not let them go to the house."
20:38 And he said, Lift up, I will bring him forth; yea, we will not go down, but the people of Israel will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
21:38 And if thou hast given it to me, I will bring it to thee, and I will bring it to thee, and I will see it.
22: 38 Hn֣h Cl-hns֗im As֤r Nsaro֙ Bb֣it Mֽlc-ihod֔h Motza֕ot Al-sr֖i M֣lc Bb֑l and H֣nh Amr֗ot Hsit֜oc and Icl֤o Lc֙ Ans֣i Slm֔c Htba֥o Bb֛tz Rgl֖c Ns֥go Ahֽor:
23: 38 At-cl-ns֣ic and At-bn֗ic Mֽotzaim֙ Al-hcsd֔im and At֖h La-tml֣t Mid֑m C֣i Bi֤d Mֽlc-bbl֙ Ttf֔s and At-ha֥ir Hz֖at Tsr֥f Baֽs: P.
24:38 And Zedekiah said unto him, Behold, I am not afraid of him, neither shall I be afraid of the children of the children, neither of them, nor of them, nor of them;
25: 38 Cֽi-isma֣o Hsrim֮ Cֽi-db֣rti Atc֒ and B֣ao Al֣ic and ֽamr֪o Al֟ic Hgֽidh-n֨a L֜no Mh-db֧rt Al-hm֛lc Al-tch֥d Mm֖no and L֣a Nmit֑c and Mh-db֥r Al֖ic Hmֽlc:
26: 38 And I said to her, I am with them, they are not humiliating, but I will not beg you, and I will turn away from you. What will you do to me? Why did not the LORD give me back to the house of Yahweh?
27: 38 Ib֨ao Cl-hsr֤im Aֽl-irmi֙ho֙ and Isal֣o At֔o and Ig֤d Lhm֙ Ccl-hdbr֣im Ha֔lh As֥r Tzo֖h Hm֑lc and Ihr֣so Mm֔no C֥i Lֽa-nsm֖a Hdbֽr: P.
28: 38 And he that sat down, lifted him up, and took him out in the midst of the mountain, that was near, even though he had taken possession of them, so that they could inherit them, and he would be like them, as if they were not caught, they would be destroyed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 39   (18 verses)‬
1: 39 In the midst of the greatness of the salvation of the righteous, I will bring you into the kingdom of Judah, and I will be in the midst of the tenth month of the ninth month, and I will bring you all the children of Israel, and all his soldiers shall go into the land of Israel, and they shall be filled with them.
2: 39 In the midst of the nineteen nineteen years, the righteousness of my righteousness was with him, in the midst of the earth, and in the fourteenth day, in the ninth month of the morning, the month of the month was finished,
3: 39 Ib֗ao C֚l Sr֣i Mֽlc-bb֔l and Isb֖o Bs֣ar Ht֑oc Nrg֣l Sr-a֠tzr Sֽmgr-nb֞o Sr-sc֣im Rb-sr֗is Nrg֤l Sr-a֙tzr֙ Rb-m֔g and Cl-sar֔it Sr֖i M֥lc Bbֽl:
4: 39 Ih֡i Cas֣r R֠am Tzdki֨ho Mֽlc-ihod֜h and C֣l | Ans֣i Hmlhm֗h and ֽ֠ibrho and Itza֨o L֤ilh Mn-hair֙ D֚rc G֣n Hm֔lc Bs֖ar B֣in Hhmt֑im and Itz֖a D֥rc Harbֽh:
5: 39 and Irdf֨o Hil-csd֜im Ahrih֗m and Is֣go At-tzdkiho֮ Baֽrb֣ot Irho֒ and Ikh֣o At֗o and ֽ֠ialho Al-nbocdratz֧r Mֽlc-bb֛l Rbl֖th Ba֣rtz Hm֑t and Idb֥r At֖o Msftֽim:
6: 39 And he slaughtered his son, and he gave birth to his son, and he gave him his righteousness, and he gave him bread, and he gave it to him, and to him all the rest of his life, Jehoahadah, and he returned to the land of Israel.
7:39 And the eyes of his eyes were right, and they made him angry, and they forbade him, because they were not ashamed of him, but they were not in his house.
8: 39 And the daughter of the king, the king of the tribe, and the daughter of the children of the tribe of Sarp, the king of the tribe of Persia, came into the wilderness, and took the inheritance of the children of Jerusalem, but they were not saved.
9: 39 and At֩ I֨tr Ha֜m Hnsar֣im Ba֗ir and At-hnֽflim֙ As֣r Nfl֣o Al֔io and A֛t I֥tr Ha֖m Hnsar֑im Hgl֛h Nbֽozr-ad֥n [1] Rb-tbh֖im Bbֽl:
10: 39 And there was a great multitude among them; they were not, but they were not; they were men; and they were not men; they were sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel; and they were numbered of them.
11: 39 And Nebuchadnezzar the king of Melech-Baabel, the son of Jeroboam, rebuked him, and rebuked Nebuzaradon. 17 And Rab-Tabahah, the son of Amor, rebuked him.
12: 39 Behold, we are with you, and your eyes are on him, but he is not exceeding his strength, nor is he his servant, but he is his father, and he is his father, and he is his servant, and he is his servant, and he is his servant.
13: 39 And the sons of Nebuchadnezzar were among them: 17 The greatness of the children was great, and the greatness of the sheep was great. [6] The greatness of the serpentine, and the serpent of the serpent, and the greatness of the multitude, and the multitude,
14: 39 Islho֩ and Ikh֨o Aֽt-irmi֜ho Mhtz֣r Hmtr֗h and Itn֤o Ato֙ Al-gdli֙ho֙ Bn-ahik֣m Bn-sf֔n Lhotza֖ho Al-hb֑it and I֖sb Bt֥oc Haֽm: S.
15:39 And the children of Jeremiah were afraid of him, saying, Behold, the word of the LORD is with me, that is, he is the one who is mighty, and the mighty is the mighty one.
16: 39 Hl֣oc and Amrt֡ Labd-m֨lc [v] Hcos֜i Lam֗r Cֽh-am֞r Iho֤h Tzbaot֙ Alh֣i Isra֔l Hnni֩ * Among ** Mb֨ia At-dbr֜i Al-ha֥ir Hz֛at Lra֖h and L֣a Ltob֑h and Hi֥o Lfn֖ic Bi֥om Hhֽoa:
17: 39 And your voice was delivered to you in the day of the Lord, and it was not given to you, nor was it given to you, but it was not given to you, because the people of Israel were evil, but you were not afraid of them.
18: 39 כ֤֤י מַ מלל֙ט֙ט֙אממללטטךך֔בּ֔בּ֖ר֖בֶרבב֣ל תא תתפפּ֑ל ול וה֨ה לְה לךך֤֤נְפשש֙ך֙ה לךש֔ל֔ל כל כל כי בּ֖ט֥הְְּת בּה בּ֖ב֖י ני נאא-ים-ְהוהוֽה: ס
‪xxxx  Chapter 40   (16 verses)‬
1: 40 Hdb֞r Asr-hi֤h Aֽl-irmi֙ho֙ Ma֣t Iho֔h Ah֣r | Sl֣h At֗o Nbozrad֛n Rb-tbh֖im Mn-hֽrm֑h Bkht֣o At֗o and Hֽoa-as֤or Bֽazkim֙ Bt֨oc Cl-gl֤ot Irosl֙m֙ and ֽihod֔h Hmgl֖im Bbֽlh:
2: 40 And he brought up the kindness of the LORD, and he lifted him up: and he said unto him, Behold, Jehovah, O God, is thy God, saying, Thou hast seen the transgression, that is, this is what thou hast brought unto the house of the wicked;
3: 40 And he brought it up, and it came to pass, that the LORD had given it to him, as as the LORD had said, saying, 'Surely, the sin of the people of Israel is not theirs, but it is not the fault of the people, but the people of the people of Israel have heard it, and they have given it to them.
4: 40 At֞h Hn֧h Ftht֣ic Hi֗om Mֽn-hazkim֮ As֣r Al-idc֒ Am-t֨ob Bain֜ic Lb֧oa At֣i Bb֗l B֚a and As֤im At-aini֙ Al֔ic and Am-r֧a Bain֛ic Lbֽoa-at֥i Bb֖l Hd֑l Rah֙ Cl-ha֣rtz Lfn֔ic Al-t֨ob and Al-his֧r Bain֛ic Ll֥ct S֖mh to you:
5: 40 Aod֣no Lֽa-is֗ob and S֡bh Al-gdli֣h Bn-ahik֣m Bn-sf֡n Asr֩ Hfk֨id Mֽlc-bb֜l Bar֣i Ihod֗h and S֤b Ato֙ Bt֣oc Ha֔m A֠o Al-cl-his֧r Bain֛ic Ll֖ct L֑c and Itn-l֧o Rb-tbh֛im Arh֥h and Msa֖t and ֽislhֽho:
6:40 And Jacob brought him up to him, unto his greatness, unto him, son of Ahijah, when the tribe of Mizpah was with him, and he that dwelt with him was the daughter of the children of the tribe of Hatham, that was left to them in the midst of the wilderness.
7: 40 Ismao֩ Cl-sr֨i Hhil֜im As֣r Bsd֗h H֚mh and Ansih֔m Cֽi-hfk֧id Mֽlc-bb֛l At-gdli֥ho Bn-ahik֖m Ba֑rtz and C֣i | Hfk֣id At֗o Ans֤im and Nsim֙ and T֔f and Mdl֣t Ha֔rtz Mas֥r Lֽa-hgl֖o Bbֽlh:
8: 40 Ib֥ao Al-gdli֖h Hmtzf֑th and Isma֣al Bn-ntni֡ho and Iohn֣n and Iont֣n Bnֽi-k֠rh and Sri֨h Bn-tnh֜mt and Bn֣i | * Fly ** Aif֣i Hntft֗i and ֽizni֙ho֙ Bn-hm֣act֔i H֖mh and Ansihֽm:
9: 40 Isb֨a Lh֜m Gdli֨ho Bn-ahik֤m Bn-sfn֙ and Lansih֣m Lam֔r Al-tֽira֖o Mab֣od Hcsd֑im Sb֣o Ba֗rtz and Abd֛o At-m֥lc Bb֖l and Iit֥b Lcֽm:
10: 40 An֗i Hnn֤i Isb֙ Bmtzf֔h Lֽamd֙ Lfn֣i Hcsd֔im As֥r Ib֖ao Al֑ino and At֡m Asfo֩ I֨in and K֜itz and S֗mn and S֙mo֙ Bclic֔m and Sb֖o Baric֥m Asr-tfstֽm:
11: 40 G֣m Cֽl-hihod֡im Asr-bmoa֣b | and Bbnֽi-am֨on and Bad֜om and As֤r Bcl-hֽartzot֙ Sֽma֔o Cֽi-nt֧n Mֽlc-bb֛l Sar֖it Lֽihod֑h and Ci֙ Hfk֣id Alih֔m At-gdli֖ho Bn-ahik֥m Bn-sfֽn:
12: 40 Is֣bo Cl-hihod֗im Mcl-hmkmot֙ As֣r Ndho-s֔m and Ib֧ao Aֽrtz-ihod֛h Al-gdli֖ho Hmtzf֑th and Iasf֛o I֥in and K֖itz Hrb֥h Maֽd: P.
13:40 And Jehohanan was the son of Kareh, and all the men of the tribe of Hilel were there. As for the people of Bashadah, behold, they came to the house of Gadlai, the father of the tribe of Mizpah.
14: 40 Iamr֣o Al֗io Hid֤a [c] Tda֙ C֞i Bal֣is | M֣lc Bnֽi-am֗on Slh֙ At-isma֣al Bn-ntni֔h Lhctc֖ N֑fs and La-ham֣in Lh֔m Gdli֖ho Bn-ahikֽm:
15: 40 Iohn֣n Bn-kr֡h Am֣r Al-gdliho֩ Bs֨tr Bmtzf֜h Lam֗r A֤lch Na֙ and Ach֙ At-isma֣al Bn-ntni֔h and A֖is L֣a Id֑a L֧mh Ic֣ch N֗fs and Nf֙tzo֙ Cl-ihod֔h Hnkbtz֣im Al֔ic and Abd֖h Sar֥it Ihodֽh:
16:40 And Gedaliah said unto him, Son of Ahikam, Come to Elohim, son of Kareh, the son of Elohim. * Ta'asheth, thou shalt bring the son of Israel to the land of the land of the land, and the land of the land of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 41   (18 verses)‬
1: 41 and Ih֣i | Bh֣ds Hsbia֗i B֣a Isma֣al Bn-ntni֣h Bn-alism֣a Mz֣ra H֠mloch and Rb֨i Hm֜lc and Asr֨h Ans֥im At֛o Al-gdli֥ho Bn-ahik֖m Hmtzf֑th and I֨aclo S֥m L֛hm Ihd֖o Bmtzfֽh:
2: 41 and Ikm֩ Isma֨al Bn-ntni֜h and As֥rt Hans֣im | Asr-hi֣o At֗o and ֠ico At-gdli֨ho Bn-ahik֧m Bn-sf֛n Bh֖rb and I֣mt At֑o Asr-hfk֥id Mֽlc-bb֖l Baֽrtz:
3:14 And all the children of Judah, who were with him, brought with him the greatness of the LORD, the people of Mizpeh, and the sheep, because they were not saved, because they were destroyed, because they were not the men of war, but they were afraid of them.
4:14 And it came to pass, that my son, the son of the two, was to destroy his greatness, and his father, and his wife, he was not afraid.
5: 41 and Ib֣ao A֠nsim Msc֞m Msl֤o and Msֽmron֙ Smn֣im A֔is Mglh֥i Zk֛n and Kra֥i Bgd֖im and Mtgֽdd֑im and Mnh֤h and Lbonh֙ Bid֔m Lhb֖ia B֥it Ihoֽh:
6: 41 and ֠itza Isma֨al Bn-ntni֤h Lkratm֙ Mn-hmtzf֔h Hl֥c Hl֖c and Bc֑h and ֽihi֙ Cfg֣s At֔m and I֣amr Alih֔m B֖ao Al-gdli֥ho Bn-ahikֽm: S.
7: 41 And it came to pass, as they were saying, "Do not be angry with them, and they shall slay them, and they will not be afraid." Son of Nannaniah said to him, "You are the Lord of the Lord, and you are the people, and you are the people."
8: 41 and Asr֨h Ans֜im Nmtzao-b֗m and Iamr֤o Al-ismaal֙ Al-tmt֔no Cֽi-is-l֤no Mtmnim֙ Bsd֔h Ht֥im and Sar֖im and S֣mn and Db֑s and Ihd֕l and L֥a Hmit֖m Bt֥oc Ahihֽm:
9: 41 and Hb֗or Asr֩ Hsl֨ic S֤m Ismaal֙ A֣t | Cl-fgr֣i Hans֗im As֤r Hch֙ Bid-gdli֔ho H֗oa As֤r Ash֙ Hm֣lc As֔a Mfn֖i Bas֣a Mֽlc-isra֑l At֗o Ml֛a Isma֥al Bn-ntni֖ho Hllֽim:
10: 41 I֣sb | I֠smaal At-cl-sar֨it Ha֜m As֣r Bmtzf֗h At-bn֤ot Hm֙lc֙ and At-cl-ham֙ Hnsar֣im Bmtzf֔h As֣r Hfk֗id Nbֽozradn֙ Rb-tbh֔im At-gdli֖ho Bn-ahik֑m and Isbm֙ Isma֣al Bn-ntni֔h and I֕lc Lab֖r Al-bn֥i Amֽon: S.
11: 41 And Johan, the son of Kareh, the son of the son of Kareh, and all the men of the tribe of Hilel, married him, because he had killed him, and that he had given him all the food, so that the woman of Israel had gone up to him, and he did not do anything to the son of Nethaniah.
12: 41 And they took all the men of the men, and they came to them, to come to them with the children of Israel, and they begged him, and they found him, saying, 'Come up, I will multiply, and I will not go down in the way of the wilderness.'
13: 41 And there was a cry, when all the people saw it, that I heard the ears of the people of Israel, the son of Korah, and all the men of the people, that they were alive, that they had destroyed him, and that he had been put to death.
14: 41 And all the men of the tribe of Israel went up, saying, "Hear, I am afraid of the tribe of Mizpah. And I will be ashamed of you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will return to you."
15: 41 And Yishmael the son of Nethaniah was circumcised, and in the name of the people of Israel, the men of the tribe of Manasseh returned from Mephneh, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel.
16: 41 Ikh֩ Iohn֨n Bn-kr֜h and Cl-sr֧i Hhil֣im Asr-at֗o A֣t Cl-sar֤it Ham֙ As֣r H֠sib Ma֨t Isma֤al Bn-ntnih֙ Mn-hmtzf֔h Ah֣r Hc֔h At-gdli֖h Bn-ahik֑m Gbr֞im Ans֣i Hmlhm֗h and Ns֤im and Tf֙ and S֣rs֔im As֥r Hs֖ib Mgbaֽon:
17: 41 And they came to him, and they dwelt in the midst of the greatness of the children, as they were, and when they were with them, so that the children of Israel were not able to fight against them, neither did they come to the land of Egypt.
18: 41 From the face of the threshing floor, because it was so, that it was seen from the mouth of it, and that it was not in the hands of the children of Israel, but the children of Israel, the children of Nethaniah, the son of Ahijah, the son of Ahijak, the son of Ahijak, the king of the tribe of Ba֖b֖l.
‪xxxx  Chapter 42   (22 verses)‬
1: 42 וֽֽיגגשּׁשּ֙ו֙ה ל֙הָּל-שש֣ר֣י החהיל֔ל֔י֔ם וֽיֽוחנננ֙ן בןנ-קר֔ר֔ר֔ה וֽיֽזננ֖י֖ה֖ה בןן הוֹשּֽֽשֽע֑י֑ה֑ה וה וְל-הו-הע-הע֖ה֖םם מקק֥ט֥ן ודדגּגּֽדֽלֽה:ל:
2: 42 Iamr֞o Aֽl-irmi֣ho Hnb֗ia Tfl-n֤a Thnt֙no֙ Lfn֔ic and Htfl֤l Bad֙no֙ Al-iho֣h Alh֔ic Ba֖d Cl-hsar֣it Hz֑at Cֽi-nsa֤rno Mat֙ Mֽhrb֔h Cas֥r Ain֖ic Ra֥ot Atֽno:
3: 42 And Haggadah, unto the children of Israel, is Jehovah, O God, O God, thy God is thy God, that is, that he hath given birth to him, and that he hath given up the land of the LORD.
4: 42 I֨amr Alih֜m Irmi֤ho Hnbia֙ Sm֔ati Hnn֧i Mtfl֛l Al-iho֥h Alhic֖m Cdbric֑m and ֽhi֡h Cֽl-hdbr֩ Asr-ian֨h Iho֤h Atcm֙ Ag֣id Lc֔m Lֽa-amn֥a Mc֖m Dbֽr:
5: 42 H֙mh֙ Amr֣o Aֽl-irmi֔ho Ih֤i Ihoh֙ B֔no La֖d Am֣t and Nam֑n Am-l֡a Cֽcl-h֠dbr As֨r Iֽslhc֜ Iho֧h Alh֛ic Al֖ino C֥n Nasֽh:
6: 42 Am-t֣ob and Am-r֔a Bk֣ol | LORD Alh֗ino As֨r * We ** An֜hno Slh֥im Atc֛ Al֖io Nsm֑a Lm֙an֙ As֣r Iֽitb-l֔no C֣i Nsm֔a Bk֖ol Iho֥h Alhֽino: S.
7: 42 And there was a place where the people of Israel made a hundred days, and there was a word of the LORD, saying, "Come, I will bring you up."
8: 42 And Korah came to Elijah, the son of Aaron, son of Korah, and all the men of the tribe of Hilel, who were with him, were destroyed, and they were with him, and all the children of the tribe of Haman had been brought down, and they were on their way to Israel.
9: 42 And Moses said to her, "Behold, I am the mother of the LORD, O God, O God, O Israel!
10: 42 If you are not satisfied, sit down, and I will be with you, because this is your strength, and I will bring you to you, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will take you away, and I will not take you away, because I will not live, but I will not go to the house of the LORD, but I will not do anything.
11: 42 Al-tֽira֗o Mfni֙ M֣lc Bb֔l Asr-at֥m Ira֖im Mfn֑io Al-tֽira֤o Mm֙no֙ Nam-iho֔h Cֽi-atc֣m A֔ni Lhos֧ia Atc֛m and Lhtz֥il Atc֖m Midֽo:
12: 42 And ye shall have mercy on them, and their spirit shall be upon you, and your anger shall be upon them, even if they are not with you.
13: 42 And if ye say unto them, Behold, there is no woman, that is in the land of the earth, and thou shalt not be afraid: for there is no doubt in the voice of the LORD, O God, O God,
14: 42 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not see the land of Egypt, nor the land of Nebuchadneh, but as the people of the land of Israel, the sons of Israel, and the people of the land of Israel, they shall not be destroyed.
15: 42 At֕h Lc֛n Sma֥o Dbr-iho֖h Sar֣it Ihod֑h Cֽh-amr֩ Iho֨h Tzba֜ot Alh֣i Isra֗l Am-a֠tm S֣om Tsm֤on Fnicm֙ Lb֣a Mtzr֔im and Bat֖m Lg֥or Sֽm:
16: 42 Hit֣h Hh֗rb As֤r Atm֙ Ira֣im Mm֔nh S֛m Ts֥ig Atc֖m Ba֣rtz Mtzr֑im and Hra֞b Asr-at֣m | Dag֣im Mm֗no S֣m Idb֧k Ahric֛m Mtzr֖im and S֥m Tmֽto:
17: 42 Iֽhi֣o Cl-hans֗im Asr-s֨mo At-fnih֜m Lb֤oa Mtzr֙im֙ Lg֣or S֔m Im֕oto Bh֖rb Bra֣b and Bd֑br and Lֽa-ihi֤h Lhm֙ Sr֣id and Fl֔it Mfni֙ Hֽra֔h As֥r An֖i Mb֥ia Alihֽm: S.
18: 42 Ci֩ C֨h Am֜r LORD Tzbaot֮ Alh֣i Isral֒ Casr֩ Nt֨c Af֜i and Hmt֗i Al-iֽsbi֙ Ir֣osl֔m C֣n Tt֤c Hmti֙ Alic֔m Bbac֖m Mtzr֑im and Hiit֞m Lal֤h and Lsmh֙ and Lkll֣h and Lhrf֔h and Lֽa-tra֣o A֔od At-hmk֖om Hzֽh:
19: 42 Say, "O LORD, O LORD, have mercy on you, O Israel, O Israel, O Israel, be mighty, O Israel, O Israel, O Israel, O Israel, O Israel, O Israel, O Israel, O Israel, for I am in the midst of you.
20: 42 C֣i * Htatim ** Htaitm֮ [k] Bnfsֽoticm֒ Cֽi-at֞m Slht֣m At֗i Al-iho֤h Alֽhicm֙ Lam֔r Htfl֣l Bad֔no Al-iho֖h Alh֑ino and Ccl֩ As֨r Iam֜r Iho֧h Alh֛ino C֥n Hgd-l֖no and Asֽino:
21: 42 And Haggadah was against them, but they were not, and they were not heard, but they were in the voice of the LORD, O God, O God, be with them, and give them to them, and I will send them to them, which I will send unto you.
22: 42 And when the hand of the hand came forth, it came to pass, and it came to pass, that it was in the midst of the wickedness, and in the heart of the earth, and in the place of the earth, and in the place of the earth, where was the fire, and the bread, and the bread, the bread, the bread, and the wheat;
‪xxxx  Chapter 43   (13 verses)‬
1: 43 And he was like all the mighty, raising him up to speak to all the people, all his words, saying, "O LORD, I am God; for they are as great as the servants of God." The LORD said, "God is their God, and they are not with them, but they are all the children of God."
2: 43 and I֨amr Azri֤h Bn-hosֽaih֙ and Iohn֣n Bn-kr֔h and Cl-hans֖im Hzd֑im Amr֣im Aֽl-irmi֗ho S֚kr At֣h Mdb֔r L֣a Slhc֞ Iho֤h Alh֙ino֙ Lam֔r Lֽa-tb֥ao Mtzr֖im Lg֥or Sֽm:
3: 43 So, blessed is the son of Nechariah, who is your mother, who is with you, and who is in the midst of you, who are in the midst of you, and who are in the midst of you, and who are in the midst of the land of the land of Israel, and you shall not be destroyed.
4: 43 And Noah heard the voice of Johan, the son of Korah, the captain of all the men of Israel, and the soldiers, all of them, and all the people of Israel, in the midst of the fire, the LORD, the LORD, the one that was born in the land of Yahweh.
5:43 And Jehoah the son of Ben-karah came to him, and all the men of Israel were alive, and all the men of Israel were still there: Jehoahadah, who had turned away from all the nations, so that they could not be rejected, because they were not in the land of Yahweh.
6: 43 Aֽt-h֠gbrim and At-hns֣im and At-htf֮ and At-bn֣ot Hmlc֒ and A֣t Cl-hn֗fs As֤r Hn֙ih֙ Nbozrad֣n Rb-tbh֔im At-gdli֖ho Bn-ahik֣m Bn-sf֑n and At֙ Irmi֣ho Hnb֔ia and At-br֖oc Bn-nriֽho:
7: 43 And the children of Israel came to the land of Israel, so that it was not for them, that they heard the voice of the LORD, the LORD, and the children of Israel, even though they were under the command of the LORD.
8: 43 And there came to me the word of the LORD, saying, Come, I pray thee, I will bring him down, and thou shalt not be afraid;
9: 43 Behold, your hands are in the hands of the Lord, and they are great, and they are great, and they are not in their midst, but they are in the midst of them. As for the people of Israel, they are in the house of Pharaoh, because they are in Tahtahnah, and they are not in sight.
10: 43 Amrt֣ Alih֡m Cֽh-amr֩ Iho֨h Tzba֜ot Alh֣i Isra֗l Hnn֤i Sl֙h֙ and ֠lkhti At-nbocdratz֤r Mֽlc-bbl֙ Abd֔i and Smt֣i Csa֔o Mm֛al Labn֥im Ha֖lh As֣r Tm֑nti and Nt֥h At- * ** Sfrir֖o Alihֽm: granulation
11: 43 And she came, and came, and smote the land of Egypt, that was as it was, that I could not bear it, and that I was not able to return, but that my heart was filled with me, and that I was afraid of the heat of the fire;
12: 43 And I beseech thee, I fear in my daughter, O God, the children of Israel, and the people of Israel, and their captives, and the little ones that were in the land of Egypt, as when the children of Israel were born, and they were afraid of the children of the children of Israel, and they were brought to their own land in the midst of their wickedness.
13: 43 And he returned to the strongholds of the tribe of Bezath, which was six hundred years old, in the midst of the land of Egypt, and the daughter of the children of Israel, the God of Israel, the land of Mizrah, the land of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 44   (30 verses)‬
1: 44 Hdbr֙ As֣r Hi֣h Aֽl-irmi֔ho A֚l Cl-hihod֔im Hisb֖im Ba֣rtz Mtzr֑im Hisb֤im Bmgdl֙ and Bthfnh֣s and Bn֔f and Ba֥rtz Ftr֖os Lamֽr: S.
2: 44 Ch-am֞r Iho֤h Tzbaot֙ Alh֣i Isra֔l At֣m Rait֗m A֤t Cl-hֽrah֙ As֤r Hb֙ati֙ Al-ir֣osl֔m and A֖l Cl-ar֣i Ihod֑h and Hn֤m Hrbh֙ Hi֣om Hz֔h and A֥in Bh֖m Iosֽb:
3: 44 From me, I have gone astray, but they have not, but I have not done them, but I have committed them, and I have not given them a favor, and I have given them up to them, and I will not give them any more.
4: 44 And I will not let you go, but I will bring you all the works of the LORD, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you. Amen. Do not do this. Do not do that. Do not do that.
5: 44 And they did not know that they had heard it, and they did not bring it to their ears, because they were afraid of them, because they were afraid of them, but they were not afraid.
6: 44 And thou shalt give me bread, and it shall come to me, and I will go down in the land of my children: Yahweh, the LORD, and the sons of Hazzah, and I will return to the land of Israel, and I will come to you for the land of the LORD, and I will return to the land of the LORD.
7: 44 and At֡h Cֽh-am֣r Ihoh֩ Alh֨i Tzba֜ot Alh֣i Isra֗l Lmh֩ At֨m As֜im Ra֤h Gdolh֙ Al-nfs֣tc֔m Lhcr֨it Lc֧m Ais-oas֛h Aol֥l and Ion֖k Mt֣oc Ihod֑h Lblt֛i Hot֥ir Lc֖m Sarֽit:
8: 44 Lhcas֙ni֙ Bmas֣i Idic֔m Lkt֞r Lalh֤im Ahrim֙ Ba֣rtz Mtzr֔im Asr-at֥m Ba֖im Lg֣or S֑m Lm֙an֙ Hcr֣it Lc֔m and Lm֤an Hiֽotcm֙ Lkll֣h and Lhrf֔h Bc֖l Goi֥i Haֽrtz:
9: 44 Hֽschtm֩ At-ra֨ot Abotic֜m and At-ra֣ot | Mlc֣i Ihod֗h and At֙ Ra֣ot Ns֔io and At֙ Ra֣tc֔m and A֖t Ra֣t Nsic֑m As֤r Aso֙ Ba֣rtz Ihod֔h and Bhtz֖ot Iroslֽm:
10: 44 Lo, I will not go down, but this is my life, and I will see it, and I will not see it, nor shall I be afraid of you, but I will not be afraid of you, but I will be with you in my law, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
11: 44 So, behold, the LORD, the LORD, is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD.
12: 44 Lkht֞i At-sar֣it Ihod֗h Asr-s֨mo Fnih֜m Lb֣oa Aֽrtz-mtzrim֮ Lg֣or Sm֒ and T֨mo C֜l Ba֧rtz Mtzr֣im If֗lo Bh֤rb Bֽrab֙ It֔mo Mktn֙ and Ad-gd֔ol Bh֥rb and Bra֖b Im֑to and Hio֙ Lal֣h Lsm֔h and Lkll֖h and Lhrfֽh:
13: 44 And the commandment of the children of the tribe of Israel was in the land of Israel, as though it were the land of the land of the land of Israel, the land of the land of Israel, and the land of the land of Israel.
14: 44 L֨a Ihi֜h Fl֤it and Srid֙ Lsar֣it Ihod֔h Hba֥im Lgֽor-s֖m Ba֣rtz Mtzr֑im and Ls֣ob | A֣rtz Ihod֗h Asr-h֜mh Mnsa֤im At-nfsm֙ Lsob֙ Ls֣bt S֔m C֥i Lֽa-is֖obo C֥i Am-fltֽim: S.
15: 44 Ian֣o Aֽt-irmi֗ho Cl-hans֤im Hiֽdaim֙ Cֽi-mktr֤ot Nsihm֙ Lalh֣im Ahr֔im and Cl-hns֥im Hamd֖ot Kh֣l Gd֑ol and Cl-ha֛m Hisb֥im Baֽrtz-mtzr֖im Bftr֥os Lamֽr:
Deuteronomy 16: 44 The Lord, that which is our Lord, hath given us up to them in their own way: the LORD your God, we are not listening to you, neither are your gods.
17: 44 C֩i As֨h Nas֜h Aֽt-cl-hdb֣r | Asr-itz֣a Mf֗ino Lkt֞r Lml֣ct Hsmim֮ and Hsֽic-l֣h Nscim֒ Cas֨r As֜ino An֤hno and Abt֙ino֙ Mlc֣ino and Sr֔ino Bar֣i Ihod֔h and Bhtz֖ot Irosl֑m and Nֽsbֽa-l֙hm֙ and Nֽhi֣h Tob֔im and Ra֖h L֥a Raֽino:
18: 44 And from there we went to the house of the king, and he gave us to the house of the king, and to the king of the tribe of Shem, the LORD, and to your land, to the land of Israel, to the land of Israel, to the land of Israel, and to the land of the wilderness, and to the wilderness, to the land of the wilderness.
19: 44 Cֽi-an֤hno Mktrim֙ Lml֣ct Hsm֔im and Lhs֥c L֖h Nsc֑im Hmֽblad֣i Ans֗ino As֨ino L֤h Conim֙ Lh֣atzb֔h and Hs֥c L֖h Nscֽim: P.
20: 44 And he said, Lift him up to all the men, over the mighty men, and to the women, and to all the men, they will not lift up their hands, but the Lord will be steadfast.
21: 44 Hl֣oa At-hkt֗r As֨r Ktrt֜m Bar֤i Ihodh֙ and Bhtz֣ot Irosl֔m At֧m and Abֽotic֛m Mlcic֥m and Sric֖m and A֣m Ha֑rtz Atm֙ Zc֣r Iho֔h and ֽtal֖h Al-lbֽo:
22: 44 Lֽa-iocl֩ Iho֨h A֜od Ls֗at Mfni֙ R֣a Mallic֔m Mfn֥i Htoab֖t As֣r Asit֑m and Th֣i A֠rtzcm Lhrb֨h and Lsm֧h and Lkll֛h Ma֥in Ios֖b Chi֥om Hzֽh:
23: 44 Mfni֩ As֨r Ktrt֜m and As֧r Htat֣m Liho֗h and L֤a Smatm֙ Bk֣ol Iho֔h and Btrt֧o and Bhkt֛io and Badoֺt֖io L֣a Hlct֑m Al-c֞n Kr֥at Atc֛m Hra֥h Hz֖at Ci֥om Hzֽh: S.
And all the children of the children heard it, saying, 'Speak unto me, O Jehovah, all of Judah,' he said, 'As for the land of Israel, it is the land of Israel.' "
25: 44 Cֽh-am֣r Ihoֽh-tzbaot֩ Alh֨i Isra֜l Lam֗r At֨m and Nsic֜m and Tdb֣rnh Bficm֮ and Bidic֣m Mlat֣m | Lamr֒ As֨h Nas֜h At-ndr֗ino As֤r Nd֙rno֙ Lktr֙ Lml֣ct Hsm֔im and Lhs֥c L֖h Nsc֑im Hk֤im Tk֙imnh֙ At-ndric֔m and As֥h Tas֖inh At-ndricֽm: P.
26: 44 Lcn֙ Sma֣o Dbr-iho֔h Cl-ihod֕h Hisb֖im Ba֣rtz Mtzr֑im Hnn֨i Nsb֜ati Bsm֤i Hgdol֙ Am֣r Iho֔h Am-ihih֩ A֨od Sm֜i Nkr֣a | Bf֣i | Cl-a֣is Ihod֗h Am֛r Hi-adn֥i Iho֖h Bcl-a֥rtz Mtzrֽim:
27: 44 Behold, thou shalt surely go up against them unto the wicked, and they shall not be good unto him: and ye shall be full of all the people of Yahweh, that is, I will not dwell in the land of Israel, but in the midst of the wilderness, and in the wilderness, even in the midst of all their tents.
28: 44 Flit֨i H֜rb Isb֨on Mn-a֧rtz Mtzr֛im A֥rtz Ihod֖h Mt֣i Msf֑r and ֽida֞o Cl-sar֣it Ihod֗h Hba֤im Laֽrtz-mtzr֙im֙ Lg֣or S֔m Dbr-m֥i Ik֖om Mm֥ni and Mhֽm:
29: 44 And this is what they are, that is, the nation's commandment, because it is so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-we-see-it-all-you-for-all-there
30: 44 C֣h | Am֣r Iho֗h Hnn֣i N֠tn At-fra֨h Hfr֤a Mֽlc-mtzr֙im֙ Bi֣d Aֽib֔io and Bi֖d Mbks֣i Nfs֑o Cas֨r Nt֜ti At-tzdki֣ho Mֽlc-ihod֗h Bi֨d Nbocdratz֧r Mֽlc-bb֛l Aib֖o and Mbk֥s Nfsֽo: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 45   (5 verses)‬
1: 45 Hdb֗r As֤r Dbr֙ Irmi֣ho Hnb֔ia Al-br֖oc Bֽn-nֽri֑h Bctbo֩ At-hdbr֨im Ha֤lh Al-s֙fr֙ Mf֣i Irmi֔ho Bsnh֙ Hֽrba֔it Lihoik֧im Bn-iasi֛ho M֥lc Ihod֖h Lamֽr: S.
2: 45 So the mother-in-law came upon the LORD, O God, the God of Israel, and the people of Israel are on your way.
3: 45 And if thou hast come to me, thou shalt not go, but I will not be ashamed: for I am the son of Jacob, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of the worlds, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts;
4: 45 So, thou shalt surely say unto him, Behold, thou art not, O God, O LORD, O LORD, I am the son of the son of Asher, which is my son, and I am the son of the LORD, and I am the one that hath taken away the land, which I have taken away, that I have committed, and have committed all the land.
5: 45 At֛h Tbks-lc֥ Gdl֖ot Al-tbk֑s C֡i Hnni֩ Mb֨ia Ra֤h Al-cl-bsr֙ Nam-iho֔h and Ntt֨i Lc֤ Aֽt-nfsc֙ Lsl֔l A֥l Cl-hmkm֖ot As֥r Tֽlc-sֽm: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 46   (28 verses)‬
1: 46 As for the LORD, behold, the word of the LORD came unto me, that I was not afraid;
2: 46 Lmtzr֗im Al-h֨il Fra֤h Nco֙ ​​M֣lc Mtzr֔im Asr-hi֥h Al-nhr-fr֖t Bcrcm֑s As֣r Hc֗h Nbֽocdratzr֙ M֣lc Bb֔l Bsnt֙ Hֽrbia֔it Lihoik֥im Bn-iasi֖ho M֥lc Ihodֽh:
3: 46 And I will bring it to you, and I will bring it to you, and I will come to you to fight against it.
4: 46 Is it not forbidden for the people of Israel to come to Israel, and the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of the land, and the people of the land?
5: 46 מ֣ד֣ועערא ר֗א֗ית הי ה֣֣מהה חתת֮י֮ם וגּבוֹּבֵריהי֣ה֣םם יככּ֔ת֔תּו וממ֥נ֥אסוּה וסאסנסו֣ה נ֖ס֖סו ולל֣נ֣א הפפ֑נ֑ו֑ו מן מ֥א-יו-יוְהוֽהו:
6: 46 Do not go to the king, nor to the mighty, nor to the mighty, nor to the mighty, nor to the son of Pharaoh, nor to the son of Pharaoh;
7: 46 Wherefore is it, that there is a house of light on the earth, like a furnace, and a tree, and a tree of water?
8: 46 And Moses said unto him, Behold, I will go down to the house of the children of Israel, and they shall be ashamed of them, and they shall come out of their midst, and I will say unto them, Behold, I will go to the house of the king, and I will return to her.
9: 46 And the people of the land, and the people of the land, were gathered together, and the people of Hagabor returned, so that they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and they were scattered, and they were robbed, and they were not seized.
10: 46 ֽhi֨om Hh֜oa Ladn֧i Iho֣h Tzba֗ot I֤om Nkmh֙ Lhnk֣m Mtzr֔io and Acl֥h H֙rb֙ and S֣ba֔h and Rot֖h Mdm֑m C֣i Z֠bh Ladn֨i Iho֧h Tzba֛ot Ba֥rtz Tzf֖on Al-nhr-frֽt:
11: 46 I have gone up to Gilboa, and I have taken you to the house of Mizrah, the daughter of Mitzrayim, to come to Israel, and to multiply.
12: 46 Behold, thou shalt not die; for the voice of the LORD shall be with thee, and the commandment of thee shall come upon thee: for it is not in the earth, for the mighty shall be mighty in the midst of it, so that his strength shall be at ease.
13: 46 The word is the word of the Lord, the son of David, the son of Yahweh, the son of Abraham, the son of Jeroboam, the son of Laban, the son of Laban, the son of Nebuchad, the son of David, the son of Abraham, of the tribe of Zechariah, of Hebron;
14: 46 Thou shalt bring him down in Egypt, and he shall make his iniquity in the greatness of the wicked, and he shall make his iniquity, and in his hiding place, he shall say, Behold, thou shalt be steadfast, and thou shalt be prepared for thee, for the food is not consumed, and thy neighbor is thy neighbor.
15: 46 And the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the Universe.
16: 46 And he rebuked him, as though he were burning, even against the fire, but the people of the people were afraid of him, and they said to him, 'The people of the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.'
17: 46 And he called unto them, saying, The people of Pharaoh are the ones who are in the land of Egypt, but they are not the people of the land.
18: 46 I live in the land of the LORD, the LORD of hosts, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
19: 46 And all the people of the land of Israel have gone up to the land of Israel, the land of Mizrah, the land of Mizrah, the city of Mizrah, the wilderness of Mesopotamia, the city of Zechariah, and the land of Nazareth.
20: 46 Aegalah, the son of Yipa, the king of Egypt, the king of Nazareth;
21: 46 And the people of the land of Israel were in the midst of them, as they were in the midst of the mountains, because they were fighting against them, because they had been defeated, because they had been defeated, and they had been destroyed.
22: 46 The voice of the Lord is like a sheep, and the people of Israel are ashamed of you, because they are in the midst of the generations, and they will continue to oppress you, and in the coldest days they will come to you, as if they were strong,
23: 46 Thou shalt not see it, and it shall be lifted up: for it is not worthy of the LORD, but it is not, for it is not, that it is empty, that it is multiply, and that it is great, and that it is multiply, and it is not.
24: 46 And the wife of the daughter of Mizrah, the son of Mizrah, dwelt in the midst of the people of Zippor,
25: 46 Amr֩ Iho֨h Tzba֜ot Alh֣i Isra֗l Hnn֤i Fokd֙ Al-am֣on Mn֔a and Al-frah֙ and Al-mtzr֔im and Al-alh֖ih and Al-mlc֑ih and A֨l-fra֔h and A֥l Hbth֖im Bֽo:
26: 46 And thou hast given to them in the hand of the wicked, even the children of Nephashem, because of them, the sons of Nebuchadnezzar, and of the sons of Labad, and of them, and of the other, so that they may be forgotten;
27: 46 ֠ath Al-tir֞a Abd֤i Iֽakb֙ and Al-th֣t Isra֔l C֠i Hnn֤i Mosֽac֙ Mֽrh֔ok and Aֽt-zrac֖ Ma֣rtz Sbi֑m and S֧b Iak֛ob and Sk֥t and San֖n and A֥in Mhrֽid: S.
28: 46 A֠th Al-tir֞a Abd֤i Iֽakb֙ Nam-iho֔h C֥i Atc֖ A֑ni Ci֩ Aas֨h Cl֜h Bcֽl-hgoi֣m | As֧r Hdht֣ic S֗mh and Aֽtc֙ La-aas֣h Cl֔h and Isrt֙ic֙ Lmsf֔t and Nk֖h L֥a Ankֽc: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 47   (7 verses)‬
1: 47 As for the LORD, behold, the word of the LORD, the LORD, is to Abraham, the LORD, the prophet, the God of the people, the son of Philistine, the son of Pharisees, the son of Pharisees;
2: 47 C֣h | Am֣r Iho֗h Hnh-m֜im Al֤im Mtzfon֙ and Hio֙ Ln֣hl Sot֔f and Istfo֙ A֣rtz and Mloa֔h A֖ir and I֣sbi B֑h and Zֽako֙ Hֽad֔m and Hil֕l C֖l Ios֥b Haֽrtz:
3: 47 And when the children of the sons of Israel were born, they were destroyed, and the children of the sons of Israel were destroyed.
4: 47 And upon the coming of the coming, I will go to the sea, and I will go all the way to the land, and I will go down to the land of Tire, and I will come to the land of Israel, and I will go to the land of Israel.
5: 47 In the midst of the calamity, I have gone up to Elazah, the son of Nehemath, the wife of Asher, who is the son of Aaron, who is still with them, even though they are still with them.
6: 47 Behold, I am the LORD, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Worlds.
7: 47 I will give thee a favor, and I will give him strength, and I will give him strength, and I will give him strength, and I will give him strength.
‪xxxx  Chapter 48   (47 verses)‬
1: 48 And Moses said unto him, Behold, Jehovah, O LORD, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Savior, the Savior, and the Lord.
2: 48 And there is no god but the LORD, and he is not in the midst of the wicked, but he is in the midst of the wickedness of the earth, and he is not afraid of him, nor of his wickedness, nor of his wickedness, nor of his wickedness, nor of his strength, nor of his strength, nor of his strength, nor of his strength.
2: 48 The voice of the voice of the voice of the Lord, The voice of the Lord, The voice of the Lord, The Lord of the Lord, The Lord of the Universe, Lord of the Universe.
4: 48 And the LORD hath given up the house of Moab;
5: 48 So that the ma'abarah is * the moisture * the hlukhhhhhhhh [k] in the midst of it, and the people of the house of the people of the land of the land of the land of Israel, and the people of the land of the land of Israel.
6: 48 Nosso, Mellut, and Nephashech, were there, and they were there, and there was a vineyard in the wilderness.
7: 48 And when you have finished your promise, it is in the works of you that are coming, and the women are coming to you, and so are you.
8: 48 And Abodea went up to all the city, and he rose up, and he was not full of hope, and the father of the valley was thirsty, and the people of the land were destroyed, and there was no rain, but the LORD was destroyed.
9: 48 Thou shalt give to the Moabites, for it is not the land of the thorn, nor the thorn, nor the land, but it is for the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
10: 48 The Lord of the worlds hath made a covenant with Yahweh, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the Lord,
11: 48 And I will not be afraid of you, nor shall I be afraid of him, but I will be glad to see you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
12: 48 For thus are they, behold, the people of the nation, behold, the nation of Yahweh has sent forth, and sent forth unto him, that they have pleaded, and have pleaded with him, and all his wickedness, and they have despised them, and they have turned away from him.
13: 48 And he was ashamed of the people of the tribe of Israel, so that as they were in the land of Israel, they were destroyed, and they were not in their midst;
14: 48 And I said unto thee, Thou shalt say, Thou shalt not rejoice: for we are not with thee, nor by men of war, but for war against her.
15: 48 Shouad, the son of Moab, who was with him, and the people of the land, and the people of Jabotinsky, the sons of Nahar, the sons of Judah, and the children of Judah;
16: 48 And the Lord of the Universe came to him, and said unto him, Behold, thou shalt be afraid;
17: 48 And he said unto him, All things shall be done to him, and he shall know it, and he shall know his name, and he shall say unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go down.
18: 48 Behold, I am afraid of you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
19: 48 Do not go down with me, and go up, and go straight to the ark of the river, and ask for it, and I will say to you, 'What is this?'
20: 48 The Lord, the Lord, the Moabite, the Compassionate, the Merciful, the Glory, the Glory, the Glory, the Glory, the Glory, the Glory, the Glory, the Glory, the Glory, and the Glory.
21: 48 And the tribe of the tribe of Israel went up to the land of the people, and went up to Helon, and to Nahariya, and to Mizrah, from Miphath.
22: 48 And he went up with his tongue, and went up against him, and went up to the house of the daughter of Diblah.
23: 48 And the children of Kiriyath came to them, and to Ba֥b ג גt, they came to them, and to Ba֥֥֥ מ מ מt, from the wilderness.
24: 48 And unto Kirioth, and to Baazarah, and to all the cities, I saw the land of Moab, the river of the mountains, and the south of the mountains.
25: 48 We have been redeemed, and the Lord of the earth hath come down to the land of Moses, and the land of the land, and the inhabitants of the land of Judah, the LORD of hosts;
26: 48 The shekhiru was brought to him, because he was angry with the LORD. He was angry with him, and he gave up the rod of the rod, because he was in trouble, and he was afraid to bring him back.
27: 48 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt bring forth unto me, the LORD thy God, that is, the husband of the people of the land, and the mother of the children of the land.
28: 48 Yea, behold, the cities of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel, dwell in the land of Israel, and they shall return to the land of Moab, and they shall be with me, and they shall be able to live in the wilderness.
29: 48 The people of Gauon-Moab brought him up from Gevah, his back, his flock, and his flock, and his pride, and his people, and his father's hearts.
30: 48 I am with you, my hands; and I will be with you. [C] Na'am-YהוOH֔H֔ ע ע ע ע ע֖ ֖֖֖֖ ו ו ו ו ו ו ב ֖ ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב
31: 48 Therefore the people of the tribe of Amalek rebuked them, and the people of Israel came to them, and the people of Israel went up to the land of Israel, and the land of Israel was destroyed.
32: 48 Behold, I am afraid of you, that I may make you angry; for I have no fear of them;
33: 48 And he gave up the gladness of the LORD, and he came down from the vineyard, and came from the land of Moab, and he returned to the place of Jacob, and he returned, and returned to me, and he returned to you, and he returned to you, and the hand of his hand was gone, and he was not afraid of him.
34: 48 And when the people of the tribe of Israel went up to the land of Israel, even unto the people of the land, even though they were still in the land, they were still in the midst of the wilderness, even though they were not in the midst of it.
35: 48 And I will return to Moab, and I will be with you, and I will bring you up to Me, and I will bring you to Me.
36: 48 Therefore they will not be able to repent to him, but as for the people of the world, they will be amazed, and my heart will be turned to man. "" The people of Zion are like the soldiers of the army, but they are afraid of them, because therefore they are permitted to do what their fathers do. "
37: 48 When the first of all came forth, Korah came out, and all Zachan came down, and he was angry; all the children were with him, and Gad was with them, and he went up to Matan.
38: 48 And all the generations of the people of Moab, and of Rehoboth, came to them, and all the people of the tribe of Mordecai returned to Me, and brought them to Meothab, so that they could not be destroyed.
39: 48 And he said unto thee, Behold, thou shalt not be afraid; but thy God hath turned thee away; and he hath turned away from him; and he hath turned away from him, and he hath turned away from him, and he hath given him bread, and hath given bread to all his captives.
40: 48 For thus saith the LORD, O LORD, be it, we are like him, that is good, and he shall be afraid; and he shall go down like a sheep, and bring him to the house of Moab.
41: 48 And it is not the land of the king, but the mountains, and the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty.
42: 48 And Mordecai the Moabites were destroyed, because they were not against the LORD, but the LORD was mighty.
43: 48 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt give up thy bread;
44: 48 * And he said, "Behold, I will go down from the face of the house, and I will go down to the house of the house, and I will go up to the house of the king, and I will go down to the house of the father, because the father will not bring it to her, nor to the house of the tribe of the tribe of Pecadath, for they are worthy of the LORD."
45: 48 Behold, the people of Cheshvan, the sons of Ammon, were all the sons of Israel, so that the people of Israel were destroyed, so that the people of the tribe of Israel returned to their land, and the land of the LORD was destroyed, and there was no god but them.
46: 48 O my people, I will not go, but I will not go down with you, because I will take your son, your son, and your sons, and your sons, because I will return to you.
47: 48 And you shall dwell again: the captivity of Moab in the latter, the days of the nation shall be fulfilled, and the people of the land shall die.
‪xxxx  Chapter 49   (39 verses)‬
1: 49 For the children of Ammon are with him, because the mother of the LORD is the LORD, the son of Israel, the son of Israel is not the husband of the people of Israel, but the people of the land of Israel have been destroyed.
2: 49 Lc֡n Hnh֩ Im֨im Ba֜im Nam-iho֗h and ֠hsmati Al-rb֨t Bni-am֜on Troa֣t Mlhm֗h and Hֽith֙ Lt֣l Smm֔h and Bnt֖ih Ba֣s Ttz֑tnh and Ir֧s Isra֛l At-irs֖io Am֥r Ihoֽh:
3: 49 Hil֨ili Hsb֜on C֣i Sddh-a֗i Tzaknh֮ Bn֣ot Rbh֒ Hg֣rnh Sk֔im Sf֕dnh and Htsot֖tnh Bgdr֑ot C֤i Mlcm֙ Bgol֣h Il֔c Chn֥io and Sr֖io Ihdֽio:
4: 49 What is the meaning of the word, which is the meaning of the word, and the meaning of the word is the word of the word, and the meaning of the word is the meaning of the word.
5: 49 Behold, I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will come to you, and I will not be with you.
6: 49 And after these things, I will bring back the captivity of the sons of Israel, the people of Ammon, the son of Nahum, the LORD of hosts.
7: 49 To the people of Israel, say, O LORD, I am the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God.
8: 49 And the people of the tribe of Israel, the people of the tribe of Israel, returned to the land of Israel, and they returned to the land of Israel, so that the people of Israel did not do so.
9: 49 If the people of Israel were victorious, they would not be able to return to their land, but they would not go back to their land, but if they were stolen, they would not be able to bring them down.
10: 49 And when I was with you, I felt my anger, and I did not see him, and I took him away, and I took him away, and he took him away, and he took him away, so that he could not see his flock, nor his brother, nor his neighbor, nor his enemies.
11: 49 I will leave you alone; I will come to you, I will be with you, my brother, and your mother and your mother will come to me, and I will return to you.
12: 49 For, behold, the Lord, the LORD, is the LORD, that is, that is, that he is not a judge, but that he hath made the throne of the throne, that thou shalt give him strength; and thou shalt be satisfied with him: and thou shalt not see him; behold, thou shalt not take it away: thou shalt not take it away: thou shalt not give it to thee, for it is not that thou shalt give it to him.
13:49 So that in me, I will return to my house, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will not be afraid of you.
14: 49 I heard the words of the people, the people of the LORD, the people of Israel, and of the children of Israel, of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, of their families, of the tribe of Israel, and of the people of Israel, and of the people of Israel,
15: 49 When the children of the children of Israel came to you, they gave you bread, and they brought them in.
16: 49 Tֽfltztc֞ Hs֤ia Atc֙ Zd֣on Lb֔c Sֽcni֙ Bhgo֣i Hs֔la Tfs֖i Mr֣om Gba֑h Cֽi-tgb֤ih Cn֙sr֙ Kn֔c Ms֥m Aֽoridc֖ Nam-ihoֽh:
17: 49 And there was a woman, a woman, a man, and a woman, a woman, and her husband, and her husband, and her children;
18: 49 And when the people of Israel were destroyed, they were destroyed, and the people of Amazonia were destroyed, because the LORD, the LORD, was not there, but there was no one there; there was no man, and there was no son of Judah, nor was there any son of Adam.
19: 49 H֠nh Cari֞h Ial֨h Mga֣on Hirdn֮ Al-no֣h Aitn֒ Cֽi-arg֤iah Aritz֨no Mֽal֔ih and M֥i Bh֖or Al֣ih Afk֑d C֣i M֤i Cm֙oni֙ and M֣i Iaid֔ni and Mi-z֣h Ra֔h As֥r Iam֖d Lfnֽi: S.
20: 49 Lc֞n Sma֣o Atzt-iho֗h As֤r Iatz֙ Al-ad֔om and M֨hsbot֔io As֥r Hs֖b Al-isb֣i Tim֑n Am-l֤a Ishbom֙ Tzair֣i Htz֔an Am-l֥a Is֛im Alih֖m Nohֽm:
21: 49 And the wickedness of the wicked is gone, but the wickedness of the people is gone, and the voice of the voice of the LORD is gone.
22: 49 Behold, it is as though we were in the midst of the children of Israel, and the people of Israel were scattered over the land of Israel, and the people of Israel were in the midst of the land of Israel, and there was no god but the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the one who was in the midst of them, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Savior, the Savior, the Lord.
23: 49 And if he was to be silent, he would not be ashamed, and he would be a witness, and he would not be afraid, for he was a wicked man; he was a wicked man; he heard them, and they did not turn away.
24: 49 And he gave up his hand, saying, "Behold, I love thee, thou shalt not turn away from me." Lo, the son of Moses, the son of Zechariah, said to him, "Behold, I will not be afraid."
25: 49 I will make you happy, and I will not be afraid of you.
26: 49 To them shall the people of Israel be ashamed of her, and of all her men, the men of war, and of all the men of the war, they shall be destroyed, because they have been destroyed; they are not worthy; they are the LORD, the LORD, the LORD of hosts.
27: 49 And I gave him bread in the bread, and the bread, and the bread, and the bread, and the bread of the broth.
28: 49 To the command of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty.
29: 49 The people of Israel, and the descendants of Israel, were full of all their desires, and all their possessions were filled with them, and they carried them out to them, and they called them, and carried them up.
30: 49 Nusu, the son of Nehemu, who was the son of Amidu, the son of Levi, sat down, and sat down, half of them, half of them, of Nahum, Yahweh, of Judah, because of them, the sons of the sons of Israel, of the tribe of Nebuchadnezzar, of Nebuchadnezzar, of Mehlach, of Baabal, of Azzah, and of Hashash, of them;
31: 49 And Moses, the son of Levi, went up to Goshen, and his wife, the son of Judah, came to the house of Noah, the son of Noah, the son of Judah, and the son of Bereshit,
32: 49 And they were filled with camels, and they were not given to them; and they were not given to them, but they were not given to them, but to them, and to them, and to them, and to all the men of the land, and to them all, and to all the people of the land;
33: 49 And he gave him a half-gallon, and he said unto them, Thou shalt not go up, that they have gone up against them, even though they are not there; for there is no fire; there there is no man; yet there is no-one, and there is no son, nor son.
34: 49 As for the LORD, behold, the word of the LORD, the LORD, is not unto Jeremiah, the LORD is the son of the son, but he is the chief of the people, the first of them is the king, the angel of the tribe of Tzadikiah, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David.
35: 49 And as for her, saying, Jehovah is the LORD, behold, the tribe of Zephaniah is the one who captives the house of the LORD, the wife of the chief;
36: 49 Hbat֨i ​​Al-ail֜m Arb֣a Roh֗ot Mֽarba֙ Ktz֣ot Hsm֔im and Z֣rt֔im Lc֖l Hrh֣ot Ha֑lh and Lֽa-ihi֣h Hg֔oi As֛r Lֽa-ib֥oa S֖m Ndh֥i * ** Ailֽm: world
37: 49 Hhtt֣i At-a֠ilm Lfn֨i Aibih֜m and Lfn֣i | Mbks֣i Nfs֗m and Hbat֨i ​​Alih֧m | Ra֛h At-hr֥on Af֖i Nam-iho֑h and Slht֤i Aֽhrihm֙ At-hh֔rb A֥d Clot֖i Aotֽm:
38: 49 And I put them to shame, because they were in their midst, and their fathers were not. Because of them, they made you, and the men of the land were worthy of the LORD.
39: 49 And behold, there is another thing in the house, and I return to it, and I will return to the house.
‪xxxx  Chapter 50   (46 verses)‬
1: 50 The Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Lord, the Lord, the Son, the Son of the Son, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God,
2: 50 Hg֨ido Bgoi֤m and Hsm֙iao֙ and ֽsao-n֔s Hsm֖iao Al-tch֑do Amro֩ Nlcd֨h Bb֜l Hb֥is Bl֙ H֣t Mrd֔c Hb֣iso Atzb֔ih H֖to Glolֽih:
3: 50 When the heavens were lifted up, they went up to the heavens, and they brought them forth to the land of Israel, and they came to them, and they were not there, but they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, because they were destroyed, and their people were destroyed.
4: 50 Bim֨im Hh֜mh and Ba֤t Hhia֙ Nam-iho֔h Ib֧ao Bnֽi-isra֛l H֥mh and Bnֽi-ihod֖h Ihd֑o Hl֤oc and Bco֙ Il֔co and At-iho֥h Alhih֖m Ibkֽso:
5:50 And the children of Israel shall bear witness to them, because they are not in their hands, but they have come to them, and they have turned to the LORD, and they are not in the land of the LORD; but they have not been saved; they have not been saved.
6: 50 And the people of the land of Israel were destroyed, and the people of the land were there, and the people of the land were there, and they were not.
7:50 All their possessions, when I eat them, I am thirsty for them, but they have not said, but they are not their wives, but they are not a sinner, but as a sinner, they have sinned, and they are not, behold, they are not, and they are not.
8: 50 Behold, they were born in the midst of the earth, and they came out of the land of the land, and they came out, and they came out, and as they were, they came before the children of Tzahan.
9: 50 C֣i Hn֣h Anc֡i Mair֩ and Mal֨h Al-bb֜l Khl-goi֤m Gdlim֙ Ma֣rtz Tzf֔on and A֣rco L֔h Ms֖m Tlc֑d Htzio֙ Cgb֣or Msc֔il L֥a Is֖ob Rikֽm:
10: 50 And they were appointed as a scepter unto him, and all the men of the tribe of Israel were returned, and the people of Israel returned to them.
11: 50 So, be happy, be happy, be happy, be happy, be happy, be patient, and be merciful, and be merciful, and be merciful, and be merciful.
12: 50 Behold, I am your mother, and I am your servant, and I am your father, and I am your servant, and I will give you a gift, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
13: 50 And from the depths of the sea, the LORD, behold, there is no earth, nor is there any water, and there is a sea, and there is a sea, and there is a sea, and there is no god but the earth.
14: 50 And the people of the tribe of Ba֤b |l, the mighty ones, all of them, the sons of the tribe of Zedek, the sons of the tribe of Elijah, were there with them, and they were not with them.
15: 50 Hr֨iao Al֤ih Sbib֙ Ntn֣h Id֔h Nֽflo֙ * Asoitih ** Asiot֔ih Nhrs֖o Hֽomot֑ih Ci֩ Nkm֨t Iho֥h Hia֙ Hn֣kmo B֔h Cas֥r Ast֖h Aso-lֽh:
16: 50 And when he saw the light of the fire, he went out, and he inhaled, and poured out a shield in the midst of the fire, and poured it out of me, saying, "The sword of the sword of the people, the sword of the people of his people." And they turned away, and the sword of the sword came to his land, and his tongue was broken.
17: 50 That is, the people of the land, the people of Israel, and the generations of the LORD, and the generations of the children of Israel, shall eat it, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
18: 50 So that the LORD, behold, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
19: 50 And you shall bring the Israelites to the land of Nahu, the LORD, and the wicked: for the vineyard and the sheep are in it, and there is a wall of Ephr֛am, and the galah, which is inhabited by its prey, is its sword.
20: 50 Behold, ye shall die; and behold, this is the day of the LORD, and the people of Israel shall be destroyed, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall not be put to death, nor shall they be put to death, but the LORD shall not be put to death, neither shall I be ashamed of them; neither shall I be ashamed of them.
Num 21: 50 And on the land of Merath, there is no god but the LORD, O Israel, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the rest of them, their families, and the people of the land, and the people of the land of Israel.
22: 50 And he came to Mehlamah: behold, he came to the land, and there was a great man;
23: 50 I will make you angry, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
24: 50 And you shall not be ashamed of me, nor shall you be caught in the midst of mourning, but you shall not be afraid, but you shall be saved, and you shall not be afraid, nor shall you be ashamed;
25: 50 And the LORD, the LORD, hath brought him to the house of the children of Israel, and he hath taken away all his possessions: for he hath cursed him, for he hath not dealt with them;
26: 50 Behold, behold, thou shalt bring forth the bread of the bread, and the bread of it shall be as it were, and it shall be the bread of the wine, and it shall be the bread of the wine.
27: 50 They destroyed all the people of the land, and they went down to the land of Israel, and they came to the land of Israel, and they carried it upon them, so that the land of Israel came to them, and they returned to their land.
28: 50 And the children of Nussam, and Fleet, went out of the house of the children of Baal, to Haggai, the son of Bazi, and to Nun, the son of Nechama, the son of Natham.
29: 50 Hsm֣iao Al-bb֣l | R֠bim Cl-d֨rci K֜st Hn֧o Al֣ih Sb֗ib Al-ihi- ** Lh֙ [a] Flt֔h Slmo-l֣h Cfal֔h Cc֛l As֥r Ast֖h Aso-l֑h C֧i Al-iho֛h Z֖dh Al-kd֥os Israֽl:
30: 50 So shall the people of Israel be ashamed of her, in her suburbs, and of all men, because of the breadth of her bread, they shall be brought to death, that they may be brought to the house;
31: 50 Behold, I am with thee, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD! Behold, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD!
32: 50 And when the wicked were caught, they went on, and they went down, and they came to him, and they slaughtered him, and destroyed him, and consumed him in his nakedness, and consumed him, all his captives were in him.
33:50 Thus saith the LORD, O LORD, the children of Israel, do not the children of Israel, and the sons of Yahweh, the sons of Judah, and all their captives, and they shall not be ashamed of them, because they are the ones who are with them.
34: 50 G-d, O LORD, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
35:50 And the LORD hath mercy on the children of Judah, and he shall not dwell with him, neither shall he sit with him; neither shall he turn to him, neither to his servants, nor to his wise men.
36:50 And he gave them unto the children, and they brought him to the house of Gibor, and they were there.
37: 50 And he gave him his strength, and he gave him all his strength, and all that was in it, that was in the midst of her, and she became his wife, to the women, so that she would not be afraid of the women, nor of her women, and of her contempt.
38:50 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not see it, and give it to me; for it is not the land of the Philistines, but it is they that are come, and they are not.
39: 50 So they sat down again, and went out to meet him, and they returned to him, and they returned to him, and they returned to them, and they returned to them, and they did not return to them, and they did not return to them, but they were not victorious, and they were not victorious.
40: 50 As in the mouth of God they brought their men and their people to death, and their neighbor, the nation of Judah, and the people of the land, there was none in them; there was no man, and there was no man, neither was there any son of them.
41: 50 And he gave them bread, and they were great, and they were great, and they were great: they were great, and they were many, and many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many;
42: 50 And the children of Zachar, the children of Ahaziah, the father of the children of Israel, were in the house of the sons of Baabal. And the children of the tribe of Baalbekh said to them, "Behold!
43: 50 And the children of the children of the children of the children of Israel heard the voice of the children of Israel, saying, "Behold, I will hear the voice of the people."
44: 50 H֠nh Cari֞h Ial֨h Mga֣on Hirdn֮ Al-no֣h Aitn֒ Cֽi-arg֤ah * Arotzm ** Aritzm֙ Mֽal֔ih and M֥i Bh֖or Al֣ih Afk֑d C֣i M֤i Cm֙oni֙ and M֣i Ioad֔ni and Mֽi-z֣h Ra֔h As֥r Iam֖d Lfnֽi:
45: 50 Lc֞n Sma֣o Atzt-iho֗h As֤r Iatz֙ Al-bb֔l and M֨hsbot֔io As֥r Hs֖b Al-a֣rtz Csd֑im Am-l֤a Ishbom֙ Tzair֣i Htz֔an Am-l֥a Is֛im Alih֖m Noֽh:
46: 50 The voice of the king is not filled with breath, but in the midst of the wickedness he hath turned away: he is the land of wrath, and the anger of the children of the children of Israel is great.
‪xxxx  Chapter 51   (64 verses)‬
1: 51 So the mother said, O LORD, I am a man; I will not be afraid of the son of the son; and I will not sit down; but I will return to you, and I will return to the land of Israel.
2: 51 And I sent him away to the wolves, and he turned away from him, and he turned away from him, and blessed him, so that he might be his wife.
3: 51 And I will not go down to thee, but thou shalt bring him to him, and he shall not go astray in his secrets, and he shall go down to him, and he shall go to the house of the king of Judah, and he shall be the last of all the people of Zabaa.
4: 51 And the children of the tribe of Israel were destroyed in the land of Israel, and they were oppressed, and were oppressed in their own land.
5: 51 So that the people of Israel did not rise up, but they rose up, and they rose up, and the people of Judah were afraid of them, because they were not afraid of them, but of the LORD, they were the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of Israel.
6: 51 And you shall be ashamed of him, and he shall be filled with the sword, and there shall be a sword, and his soul shall not go down, but his eyes shall not go down, because he is with his eyes; for he is the son of the LORD, and he is the son of the LORD.
7: 51 And there is a cup of gold in it that is in the hand of the LORD, that is, from the house of all the women of the land, wherewith are they, that are gathered, and their bodies are not so great?
8: 51 Their mouth is full of darkness, and it is in the air, and it is rising again, and it is hot on the earth.
9: 51 * Rapunu, please, let us go to Babylon, and you shall not be angry with him, nor will you be ashamed of his land, because he is angry with you, for he is going to go out to the heavens, and he is still in judgment, and he will be put to death by his hand.
10: 51 And the LORD, behold, thou hast brought unto us the righteousness of our people: and they shall be saved, and they shall be saved in the commandment of Zion, and they shall do the work of the LORD, O God, O God our God.
11: 51 Behold, the children of Hittites have gone out of the house, and they are the rulers of the land. The LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the God of Israel.
12: 51 Al-hom֨t Bb֜l Sao-n֗s Hhz֙iko֙ Hmsm֔r Hk֙imo֙ Sֽmr֔im Hc֖ino Haֽrb֑im C֚i Gm-zm֣m Iho֔h Gm-as֕h A֥t Asr-db֖r Al-isb֥i Bbֽl:
13: 51 * My neighbor, thou shalt dwell upon the multitude, and multiply: for thou hast multiplied, and thou shalt be fruitful. Behold, thou shalt surely make your covenant.
14: 51 Let the LORD sit down, O LORD, for he is a tribe, and you shall live in his nostrils, for if he is, then shall you be filled with man, for he is like a king, and his people are against you?
15: 51 And he did it, and he was not in the power of his power, but he was not wise in his wisdom, but in his understanding, and in his understanding, he moved toward him, and there he was.
16: 51 And the LORD hath given him the commandment of the people of Israel, and the people of Israel shall bear it, and they shall not bear it, but it shall not be in the land of the earth.
17: 51 And every man shall be cursed, and he shall be full of fear; and the Lord shall be full of sorrow, and he shall not be afraid of the light of the seed; for he that is cold shall not be blessed, neither shall he be ashamed of them.
18: 51 ה֣ב֣ב הל֔֔֔מהה מעעשש֖֖֖ה תעּעתתּּע֑֑ם בְּּע֥֥ת פְּּקדדָּּת֖֖ם יאבאבֽדּו::
19: 51 Lo, behold, he hath no strength, but he hath made him angry; for he hath taken away all things, and he hath taken away his wealth;
20: 51 What is the meaning of the word of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, and of the Lord of the Universe, and of the Lord of the Universe, and of the Lord of the Worlds, and of the Lord of the Worlds.
21: 51 And he broke up with me, and said unto him, Lo, he hath broken his voice, and he hath broken up with him;
22: 51 And I will break up with you; for there is a man, a woman, and a wife, and you are afraid; for in you there is a little thing, and we are awake, and you are bursting out, because you are in the midst of the wall, and you are in trouble.
23: 51 And I will break up with you, and he will be angry with you, and I will go away with you, and I will burst out with you: for I will be full of you, and you will be steadfast in him, and I will burst forth with you.
24: 51 And I will not return to the house of the children of Israel, nor will it be any more, but I will return to you, as if all the people of the land have gone astray, but they have not done any thing for me.
25: 51 Behold, I am not your God, I am the Lord of the flesh, and I am the LORD of the heavens, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts, of all the earth, and I have given you all my strength. And I have turned your hands on you.
26: 51 And thou shalt not take it, and it is not from thee, that thou shalt bring the son to the face of it, and the son of the son to the foundation of the land, and to the house of the people of the land, for it is not empty, but the land is gone, but it is not the land, but it is the land of Yahweh.
27: 51 Sao-n֣s Ba֗rtz Tka֨o Sof֤r Bgoim֙ Kds֤o Al֙ih֙ Goi֔m Hsm֧iao Al֛ih Mmlc֥ot Arr֖t Mn֣i and Ascn֑z Fkd֤o Al֙ih֙ Tfs֔r Hֽalo-s֖os Ci֥lk Smֽr:
28: 51 And he went up to the house of the king of Israel, and he brought it to the house of the king, and he gave it to all its vessels, and all its vessels, and all the trees of the land, from his inheritance.
29: 51 And when he was afraid, he went astray, and fought, because he was afraid of the children of Baabol, the Mahashab, of the children of the LORD, and of the children of Israel, because the LORD had given birth to the land, and to the land of the LORD,
30: 51 Behold, they were mighty, and they were in the midst of the slaughter, but they dwelt in the midst of the women, because they were women, because they were mighty; for they were not for the women, but they were thirsty, and they were consumed by their possessions, and they were destroyed, because they were in the smell of them.
31: 51 And if you see it, I will come to the land of Israel, and I will bring it to you, and I will bring it to you, and I will bring it to you, and I will bring it to you, and I will bring it to you.
32: 51 And the transgressors came to the gate, and made the sackcloth, and burned it, and came to it, and put it on the bread, and the bread was put on it.
33: 51 For this is the truth of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD.
34: 51 * We ate ** the food is my food * the food * the food is my food * the meat * the meat * the meat * the meat * the meat * the food * the food * the food * the food * the food * the food * the food * the food * the food * the food * the food *
35: 51 Behold, I will go to the house of the children of Israel, and I will return to the land of Zion, and I will return to the land of Israel, and I will return to the land of Israel.
36: 51 For this is the truth, but the LORD is the LORD, and I have multiplied thy wrath, and I have avenged you, and I have brought thee down, and destroyed thee, and destroyed her, and brought her away from her house.
37: 51 And there was a woman in the midst of the children of Gilon, whose name was Mamon.
38: 51 Yea, they are as they are, and they shall be ashamed;
39: 51 In the midst of them they brought their servants to the ground, and the drunkards went out to Maman, saying, "This is their strength, and theirs is the age of their children, and they are not the only ones, but they are worthy of them."
40: 51 And the children of the children of Israel were like the other, so that they should not be tempted, as if they were not with the people of the world.
41: 51 I will not let you go, but I will not let you go, but I will go to you, and I will come to you, and I will give you all my heart.
42: 51 And he went up against the children of Ba֖b֖l.
43: 51 Behold, I will go to the land of the LORD, and I will go to the land of Israel, the land of Zion, and the land of the land of the land of the land of Israel.
44: 51 And he commanded him, and he went up to him, and took him out, and took him out, and took him away, and he took him away, and they were not with him, but they were with him, and they were not with them, but they were not with them, neither were they afraid of them.
45: 51 And they came up to him, and went down with him; and he was not with him; and he was with him, and he took his soul away from him more than the children of Israel.
46: 51 Fn-ir֤c Lbbcm֙ and Tֽira֔o Bsmoa֖h Hnsm֣at Ba֑rtz and B֧a Bsn֣h Hsmoa֗h and Ahr֤io Bsnh֙ Hsmoa֔h and Hm֣s Ba֔rtz and Ms֖l Al-msֽl:
47: 51 Therefore, behold, I have given it to them, and they have come to them, and I have commanded them not to go down against them; but they are in the midst of them, and all their land is desolate, and all their tents are desolate.
48: 51 And they ran away from Babel, and there was a sea, and there was a land, and a whole day, which was in the midst of them, because they were not in the midst of the wilderness, but they came to the land of Samaria, but they were not supported by Jehovah.
49: 51 And the children of the children of Naphtal, the children of Israel, went up to the land of Israel, even unto the children of the tribe of Nephilim.
50: 51 And the people of the tribe of Hebron fought against him, and the people of the tribe of Ta'am rose up, remembering the people of the land, and they took the LORD out of their midst, and they turned away from them, and sent them to the house of their hearts.
51: 51 And when we were asleep, because the people of Israel were with us, they were burned down, because they were covered with it, as they had done before us, so that they might turn away from us, because they were in their midst, and they were strangers to the sanctuary of the sanctuary. The house of Yahweh was destroyed.
52: 51 For thus are the children of the people of Israel, behold, Na-יam-YהוOH֔֔֔֔֔ ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו י י ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח י י ח י ח ח ח ח י י י י ח ח י י י ָ֥ ח ח ח ח ל֥ ח ח ח ח ח ח ח י
53: 51 So that the people of the world shall be ashamed of the people of the land, and that they shall be saved from their wickedness, and that they shall be saved.
54: 51 And the son of Zechariah came out of the midst of the wilderness, and went down the hill of Gadol, and out of the river of the land of Ashdod.
55: 51 When the Lord, the LORD, saw the children of the children of Israel, and the father of the children of Israel came down to them, and they went down to them, and their camels came down to them, as if they were many, and they were not given.
56: 51 For the people of Ba֨a are on their way to the Baal Shem Tov, and they have become captives, because they have overcome their sins, and they have not been able to live in their land, because they are not in their midst, but they are the people of Yahweh, because they have not received them.
57: 51 And my servants were drunk with her, and her wise men were with her, and she was with her, and her shields were in it, and her mighty ones were, and they were the children of the children of the children of Israel, and they were not the children of the children of Israel, and they were not the children of the children of Israel.
58: 51 Cֽh-am֞r LORD Tzba֗ot H֠mot Bb֤l Hֽrhbh֙ Ara֣r Ttara֔r and Sar֥ih Hgbh֖im Ba֣s Itz֑to and Iֽga֨o Am֧im Bdi-r֛ik and Lam֥im Bdi-a֖s and Iaֽfo: S.
59: 51 Hdb֞r Asr-tzo֣h | Irmi֣ho Hnb֗ia At-sri֣h Bn-nrih֮ Bn-mhsih֒ Blct֞o At-tzdki֤ho Mֽlc-ihodh֙ Bb֔l Bsn֥t Hrba֖it Lmlc֑o and Sri֖h S֥r Mnohֽh:
60: 51 And it came to pass, that Jeremiah raised him up all the evil, that which he had given unto him, and to the children of Israel, unto all the children of Israel, all the children of Israel, that were brought unto the house of Baalbil.
61: 51 And he said, Lift me up, bring him to my people, and he will be like you in the house, and I will see you, and I will come back to you, and I will come back to you, and I will bring you all the things of the LORD.
62: 51 And you said, O LORD, you have given up thy word, and thou hast given it to the wicked, and this is the law, to the people of Israel, and to the people of Israel, and to the people of Babylon, and to the people of their land, and to the people of their land, and to their people, because it is not empty, but they are gone;
63: 51 And it shall come to pass, as thy throne shall be, that he shall bring forth the threshing-floor of this land, and he shall bow down to his feet, and the son of his son shall be sent down to him, and thou shalt not go down into the wilderness.
64: 51 And thou shalt say unto him, Behold, thou shalt sow in the midst of the abyss: and thou shalt not repent; but I will not go down to thee, but I will not lift up the fire, but I will not lift it up, nor shall I be afraid of it. And I will not lift it up.
‪xxxx  Chapter 52   (34 verses)‬
1: 52 A son of nine and a hundred years of age, and I have been blessed with him in the kingdom of his people, and there is a tenth of the people of Israel, that is, that they have given birth to them, and that they have been given their inheritance.
2: 52 And he did that which was in the mind of the LORD, because he was like that which was done to Jehovah.
3: 52 And the LORD said unto him, O LORD, that thou shalt be in the house of the LORD, and they shall be in the midst of thee, and the LORD shall not be with thee;
4: 52 and Ihi֩ Bsn֨h Htsa֜it Lmlc֗o Bh֣ds Hasiri֮ Bas֣or Lhds֒ B֠a Nbocdratz֨r Mֽlc-bb֜l H֤oa and Cl-hilo֙ Al-ir֣osl֔m and ֽihn֖o Al֑ih and Ibn֥o Al֛ih Di֖k Sbֽib:
5:52 And it came to pass, that it was bright in the morning, that I had done it, that it was nine, that I had given it unto thee, that I might go unto thee,
6: 52 Behold, the LORD hath given me bread, and he hath given it to the LORD, and he hath given it to the wicked, and it is not in the heat of the fire, nor is it the bread of the bread, but it is the grain of the earth.
7: 52 and Tbk֣a Ha֗ir and Cl-ans֣i Hmlhm֡h Ibrho֩ and Itza֨o Mha֜ir L֗ilh D֜rc S֤ar Bin-hhmt֙im֙ Asr֙ Al-g֣n Hm֔lc and Csd֥im Al-ha֖ir Sb֑ib and Ilc֖o D֥rc Harbֽh:
8: 52 And he went down to the house of the Chaldeans, and he came after him, and the one who took you away, and brought him away, and brought him to his right hand, and in the midst of his anger, he smote him, and all his soldiers were afraid of him.
9: 52 And you shall be ashamed of the man, and he shall go up to him, and to him, to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him;
10: 52 And the sons of the sons of Israel were brought up by the children of Zedekiah, whom they despised for his own eyes; and they took away all the children of Judah.
11: 52 And the eyes of his eyes were right: and they made him angry with him, and they forbade him in the inheritance of the children, and brought him to the house of the king, and they brought him to the house, and they gave him bread in the house of the children of the tribe of the tribe of Adham.
12: 52 Bh֤ds Hֽhmisi֙ Bas֣or Lh֔ds H֗ia Snt֙ Tsֽa-asr֣h Sn֔h Lm֖lc Nbocdratz֣r Mֽlc-bb֑l B֗a Nbֽozradn֙ Rb-tbh֔im Am֛d Lfn֥i Mֽlc-bb֖l Biroslֽm:
13: 52 And the house of the LORD, the LORD, and the daughter of the LORD, and all the daughters of Israel, were destroyed, and all the children of Israel were killed, and all the children of the LORD were sent captive in their midst.
14: 52 And all the children of Israel, the children of Israel, were not the ones who were hungry; they were not all the people of the land, but they were as much as they were.
15: 52 Mdl֨ot Ha֜m and ֽat-i֥tr Ha֣m | Hnsar֣im Ba֗ir and At-hnֽflim֙ As֤r Nֽflo֙ Al-m֣lc Bb֔l and A֖t I֣tr Hֽam֑on Hgl֕h Nbozrad֖n Rb-tbhֽim:
16: 52 And the greatness of the earth was shining, and they were rebuked, and there was a great multitude, and they were not thirsty, and they were not angry.
17: 52 At-amod֨i Hnh֜st As֣r Lbit-iho֗h and ֽat-hmcn֞ot and At-i֧m Hnh֛st As֥r Bbit-iho֖h Sbr֣o Csd֑im and Isa֥o At-cl-nhst֖m Bbֽlh:
18: 52 And the serpents, and the goats, and the men of Zamorath, and the Mizrach, and the Kohath, and all the Kohathites, the inheritance, the women of whom the LORD had given birth, were in their midst,
19: 52 At-h֠sfim and At-hmht֨ot and At-hmzrk֜ot and At-hsir֣ot and At-hmnr֗ot and At-hcfot֙ and At-hmnki֔ot As֤r Zhb֙ Zh֔b and Asr-c֖sf C֑sf Lk֖h Rb-tbhֽim:
20: 52 Hamod֣im | Sn֗im Hi֤m Ahd֙ and Hbk֞r Snim-as֤r Nh֙st֙ Asr-t֣ht Hmcn֔ot As֥r As֛h Hm֥lc Slm֖h Lb֣it Iho֑h La-hi֣h Msk֔l Lnhst֖m Cl-hcl֥im Haֽlh:
21: 52 And the people that were numbered were twenty nine, and the women were three hundred forty-five. And they were four hundred forty-nine. And they were nine hundred and twenty nine: they were taken away, and they were with me;
22: 52 Ct֨rt Al֜io Nh֗st and Kom֨t Hct֥rt Haht֮ Hm֣s Amot֒ and Sbc֨h and Rmon֧im Aֽl-hcot֛rt Sb֖ib Hc֣l Nh֑st and Ca֛lh Lֽam֥od Hsn֖i and Rmonֽim:
23:23 52 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not be satisfied; and it shall be three hundred and fifty shekels: and all the mountains shall be filled with bread, and they shall not be put to rest upon your captivity;
24: 52 And they took up the tabernacle of Sarah, saying, Thus is this, the fire of the sword, and the clamor of the LORD, that is, the two of them, and the two of them, the wife of the guard, the captain of the sword.
25: 52 Mn-ha֡ir Lkh֩ Sr֨is Ah֜d Aֽsr-hi֥h Fk֣id | Al-ans֣i Hmlhm֗h and Sba֨h Ans֜im Mra֤i Fni-hm֙lc֙ As֣r Nmtza֣o Ba֔ir and A֗t Sfr֙ S֣r Htzb֔a Hmtzb֖a At-a֣m Ha֑rtz and Ss֥im Ais֙ Ma֣m Ha֔rtz Hֽnmtza֖im Bt֥oc Haֽir:
26: 52 And he gave them bread, and they gave them bread, and they gave them bread, and they came to you.
27: 52 And you, O nation, have given them your inheritance, and have given them bread in the wilderness, and it is in the land of Hamath, and the generations of Yahweh have been turned away, since they have gone up to their land.
28: 52 And this is the day, when the people of Galilee were born, and in the year of the captivity of the children of Judah the children of Israel were numbered, and they were not numbered, and they were three hundred and thirty.
29: 52 In the year of Shemon, the tenth of Adar, the son of Nebuchadnezzar, the captain of the tribe of Shiloh, the city of Nefesh, of Shemuel, of Zechariah, of the tribe of Shilshim, and of Sihon.
30: 52 Bsn֨t Sl֣s and Asrim֮ Lnbֽocdratzr֒ Hgl֗h Nbֽozradn֙ Rb-tbh֔im Ihod֕im N֕fs Sb֥a Ma֖ot Arba֣im and Hms֑h Cl-n֕fs Arb֥at Alf֖im and S֥s Maֽot: P.
31: 52 Ihi֩ Bsls֨im and S֜ba Sn֗h Lglot֙ Ihoic֣n Mֽlc-ihod֔h Bsn֤im Asr֙ H֔ds Basr֥im and Hms֖h Lh֑ds Ns֡a Ao֣il Mrdc֩ M֨lc Bb֜l Bsn֣t Mlct֗o At-ras֙ Ihoic֣in Mֽlc-ihod֔h and Itz֥a Aot֖o Mb֥it * crossbred ** Hclֽoa:
32: 52 And he blessed him, and he gave him gladness, and gave his throne to him, from what he had done to the throne of the kings. ** Kings, the kings are the kings, and the people are in the midst of them.
33:52 And the children of the children of Gedaliah went up to him, and all the children of Israel fought against him before him, so that all his life was destroyed.
34: 52 And I will extend to him, and I will bring him up to him, and he will give him the gift of his inheritance, and he will not be afraid of him.
‪xxxx    End of Jeremiah (52 chapters, 1364 verses).
