‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.46. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Job (42 chapters, 1070 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (22 verses)‬
1: 1 Is there a man that is there in the midst of the earth, and is not his father, and his name is his name, and he is his wife?
2: 1 And they were born to him, and his sons were seven, and they were sons;
3: 1 and Ih֣i M֠knho Sֽba֨t Alfi-tz֜an and Sl֧st Alf֣i Gml֗im and Hm֨s Ma֤ot Tzֽmd-bkr֙ and Hm֣s Ma֣ot Aton֔ot and Abd֖h Rb֣h Ma֑d and Ihi֙ Ha֣is Hh֔oa Gd֖ol Mcl-bni-kֽdm:
4: 1 And his sons, and his sons, did it, and he did it, and he did not die, and the people came to him, and they sent him away, and called unto them, to the wives of their brethren, and to their wives, and to them, to eat, and to drink with them.
5: 1 and Ih֡i C֣i Hkifֽo֩ Im֨i Hmst֜h and Isl֧h Ai֣ob and ֽikds֗m and Hsc֣im Bbkr֮ and Hal֣h Alot֮ Msf֣r Clm֒ C֚i Am֣r Ai֔ob Aoli֙ Hta֣o Bn֔i and Brc֥o Alh֖im Blbb֑m C֛ch Ias֥h Ai֖ob Cl-himֽim: P.
6: 1 And they, behold, they were the enemy, and the sons of the LORD came to them, and the LORD was not ready to be cast upon the LORD, and he gave birth to them, and the children of the tribe were in their midst.
7: 1 And the Lord said unto the LORD, Come unto the devil, thou shalt not go out, and thou shalt be satisfied with the captivity, and thou shalt bring up the LORD, and it is not, and he shall be in the midst of the earth, and in the midst of thee, behold, thou shalt be satisfied with him.
8: 1 And the LORD said unto him, Go ye unto the gate, that thou shalt bring thy heart to the ground of the servant: for I am not in the house of the LORD, but because of it I am not worthy of it, but in the midst of the earth, there is no man, but there is no man, and there is no man, neither God nor God, nor God, nor the Lord of the earth.
9: 1 And the tribe of Hatha brought the LORD out of the house, and the LORD said unto them, Behold, the son of Israel is the LORD, and he is not the God of God.
10: 1 And this is what I have done in the days of his death, and in the house of his children, and in all his ways, because of his captivity, he hath done his hands, and his hands have been blessed, and he hath given him bread, and he hath given him bread.
11: 1 And he said unto him, Come, I pray thee, I will come unto thee, and I will come to thee, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you.
12: 1 And the LORD said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go, for thou art all that is in thy hands, and the LORD shall not yield unto thee: for thy hand shall be brought forth: and the hand of the lamb shall come forth, even if it is not with them.
13: 1 And he, behold, he was his son, and his sons, and his sons, and the children, and the children, and the children, and the children, and the children of the children;
14: 1 And he said unto you, Behold, thou art not afraid; and the first day of the morning is the day of the LORD, and this is the end of the wickedness, and the evil of the wicked shall come upon the hands of their children.
15: 1 And it came to pass, that the people returned, and they took them, and the children, to them, and to them, to the LORD, and to them, to the LORD, to the LORD, to the LORD, to the LORD.
16: 1 A֣od | Z֣h Mdb֗r and Zh֮ B֣a and Iamr֒ A֣s Alh֗im Nֽflh֙ Mn-hsm֔im and Tba֥r Btz֛an and Bnar֖im and Tacl֑m and Am֨lt֧h Rk-an֛i Lbd֖i Lhg֥id Lֽc:
17: 1 A֣od | Z֣h Mdb֗r and Zh֮ B֣a and Iamr֒ Csd֞im S֣mo | Sls֣h Ras֗im and ֽifst֤o Al-hgmlim֙ and Ikh֔om and At-hnar֖im Hc֣o Lfi-h֑rb and Am֨lt֧h Rk-an֛i Lbd֖i Lhg֥id Lֽc:
18: 1 And he said unto Moses, Thou shalt go forth: and behold, behold, thy sons, and thy sons, are thy servants, and the children of Israel, and the children of Israel;
19: 1 and Hnh֩ R֨oh Gdol֜h B֣ah | Ma֣br Hmdb֗r and Iga֙ Barba֙ Fn֣ot Hb֔it and If֥l Al-hnar֖im and Im֑oto and Am֨lt֧h Rk-an֛i Lbd֖i Lhg֥id Lֽc:
20: 1 And he rose up with a loathing, and he lifted up his wrath, and he took away his head, and gave it to the ground, and he gave it his bread.
21: 1 And he said unto them, Woe unto me: I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength: for I will give it to thee, and I will give it to thee: and I will give it to thee, and I will give it to thee: and I will give it to thee: and I will give it to thee.
22: 1 In all things, I am not a fool, but I am not afraid, and thou art not, but thou shalt not be afraid. Lo! God is not.
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (13 verses)‬
1: 2 And he said, "Behold, they are the nations, and they are the sons of God; they are the people of God; they are not ready to be crucified by the LORD, and they are the sons of the wicked, and they are not in their power, nor are they to be oppressed by the LORD."
2: 2 And the LORD said unto them, Come, thou shalt go out to the house, and thou shalt not be satisfied: for thou shalt be satisfied with the LORD, and thou shalt bring the LORD away: and he that is worthy of the law shall not be in the land, nor shall he be blessed with thee.
3: 2 and I֨amr Iho֜h Al-hst֗n Hs֣mt Lbc֮ Al-abd֣i Aiob֒ Ci֩ A֨in Cm֜ho Ba֗rtz A֣is T֧m and Is֛r Ir֥a Alh֖im and S֣r Mr֑a and Ad֙no֙ Mhz֣ik Btmt֔o and Tsit֥ni B֖o Lbla֥o Hnֽm:
4: 2 And the tribe of Hatha gave up the LORD for him, and he believed in the wickedness of the flock, and all the men of Israel were killed, and the people of Israel came to them in the wilderness of Nefesh, his people.
5: 2 O God, I pray thee, I pray thee, O God, that I may return to thee, and I will bring thee unto him, and go back unto him, and unto him, and unto him, unto him, unto thy face, thy face shall be blessed.
6: 2 And the word of the LORD said unto the God, Behold, I will bring him into thy hand: thou shalt give him his breath;
7: 2 And the commandment of the tribe came out, and there was no sign of the presence of the LORD, and the LORD gave thee strength, and he gave him the love of the LORD, and he went out of his way.
8: 2 And the king said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be glorified in the midst of him; and behold, he shall be ashamed of him in the midst of the sorrows.
9: 2 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be satisfied; for thy witness is the thing that is in the possession of thy seed, and in thy righteousness, thy righteousness is thy God, and it is not.
10: 2 and I֣amr Al֗ih Cdb֞r Ah֤t Hnblot֙ Tdb֔ri G֣m At-ht֗ob Nkbl֙ Ma֣t Halh֔im and At-hr֖a L֣a Nkb֑l Bcl-z֛at La-ht֥a Ai֖ob Bsftֽio: P.
11: 2 and ֽisma֞o Sl֣st | Ra֣i Ai֗ob A֣t Cl-hra֣h Hzat֮ Hb֣ah Alio֒ and Ib֙ao֙ A֣is Mmkm֔o Alif֤z Htimni֙ and Bld֣d Hsoh֔i and Tzof֖r Hnֽamt֑i and Ioad֣o Ihd֔o Lb֥oa Lnֽod-l֖o and ֽlnhmֽo:
12: 2 And they lifted up their eyes, but they were far from it, and they did not know it, and they brought it up to them, and they gave it to them, and they gave it to them, and they came to it, and they were torn down, and there was no sign of it, and their eyes were burned down upon their heads, and they were still there.
13: 2 And he dwelt with him, saying unto him: 'It is not seven days, but seven days, and seven weeks, a day of mourning, and there is no way for him, but the Lord is the one, and the LORD is the one, and the LORD is the one who sees it.
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (26 verses)‬
1: 3 After that, behold, I loved you, and I brought him down, and brought him to the house of David.
2: 3 And it came to pass, that I was not worthy, and that he believed.
3: 3 The Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Son, and the Son of God
4: 3 Behold, this is the day of the Lord, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, of the earth, of the earth and of the earth.
5: 3 Glory be to Him, your strength, and your strength;
6: 3 And this is what the LORD hath taken, and he hath taken it: for he hath not dealt with the people of the world, yet he is not in the house of the king, but he is in the house of Moses, the son of Jeroboam.
7: 3 Behold, the LORD hath given it to the LORD: behold, the LORD hath given up unto the LORD, and he is not satisfied with him.
8: 3 They will bring him up: O my people!
9: 3 They shall be ashamed of him, so that he may be blessed, and he shall not be ashamed of him; he shall not be jealous, neither shall he be angry with him, neither shall he be afraid of him in the sight of the children of the tribe of Judah.
10: 3 And when he came down, he was not angry, and he went down with greatness, and hid himself from his eyes.
11: 3 The Lord, the Lord, is the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Mother of God, the Father of the Father, the Son of the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, and the Father.
12: 3 מ֭דּּעע ק קדד֣מ֣וננ בי בררככּ֑הִםם וַמ-- ש֝ד֝ד֗יִםם כ֣י֣א איֽינֽאֽק:ם
13: 3 When my eyes were filled with sorrow, and my desire was lost, I gave up my tongue, and I gave birth to it.
14: 3 And with them were the children of the children;
15: 3 And his people were with them: they were burning; they were not in their midst; they were full of their children;
16: 3 He said to him, "Behold, there is no darkness, but there is no hope, no, no, no, no, no, no, no."
17: 3 And when they were satisfied with the wicked, they turned away from the fire, and when they were gone, they came, and they swore, and they were angry with me.
18: 3 Oh God, I am a prisoner of war, but I am not a man, but a man, a man, and a man.
19: 3 The children of Gadon and Gadol were there, and the people of the tribe of Hafesh, the people of Adonah, were destroyed.
20: 3 Why did they not come to me, but they came to the fire, and to my life they came to Me?
21: 3 The people of the wise, the men of the kingdom, were not, and they were not, and they were iniquity, and they were afraid of them.
22: 3 Blessed are the gods of Gilead: for there is no god but man;
23: 3 To the grave, which is thy way, thou shalt flee, and thou shalt be afraid, and thy tongue shall not be put to shame in his sight.
24: 3 Therefore, before me, I will give my bread, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
25: 3 When my mouth became white, I became afraid of my fear, and my anger came to me.
26: 3 Behold, I am not satisfied; and behold, I did not drink, and I did not bring my inheritance, and it came to pass.
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (21 verses)‬
1: 4 And Elijah the son of Eliph, the son of Hatham, was appointed to him; and he was faithful to him.
2: 4 Behold, thou shalt not see thy face, nor thy soul, nor thy soul;
3: 4 Behold, they will be destroyed, and many will rise up, and they will be destroyed.
4: 4 And when thou shalt go up, thou shalt go out of thy mouth, and bless thee, as thou shalt be afraid;
5: 4 When thou hast come, thou shalt surely return unto thy face: and thou shalt not be angry with thy face; and thou shalt be afraid.
6: 4 Behold, I will see you: your throne shall be yours, and your righteousness shall be fulfilled, and your ways shall be determined for you.
7: 4 Remember, we are not afraid, but the Lord is the Father, the Father, the Lord, and the Lord, the Lord of the Universe.
8: 4 As a thief, I saw my horses, my sheep, and the cattle, and the sows;
9: 4 Of the souls of the Lord, the LORD, the Father, have mercy on him, and destroy his strength, and he shall not be consumed.
10: 4 And the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, were not afraid, and the people of Israel were in disgrace.
11: 4 I will not be afraid of my heart, neither of you nor of me, nor of me; but of my heart, I will repent to you.
12: 4 And he said unto me, Lord, shall I be glorified, and thou shalt not be satisfied, but I am not satisfied?
13: 4 In the thorns of the thorns, they shall go down to the wall, and they shall go down to the ground;
14: 4 And I will go down with you, and I will go down against you: and I will rejoice with my people;
15: 4 And the spirit of the face of the LORD shall be revealed to him, and he shall be lifted up, and he shall be full of sorrow, and he shall be satisfied with the flesh of my flesh.
16: 4 The people of Israel, and the people of Israel, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds.
17: 4 The LORD is the God of the God, the Lord of the worlds, and the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the worlds.
18: 4 Behold, the servants of his servants are not worthy; they are faithful, and they are not in your kingdom;
19: 4 And he said unto them, I am the son of the king, who is in the house of the people of Israel;
20: 4 When he was cold unto the multitude of the yoke, they came out of him, but they did not die;
21: 4 They did not suffer from them, but they rebelled against them, because they were in their midst, and they were not in the wise.
‪xxxx  Chapter 5   (27 verses)‬
1: 5 And Kara, the son of Anzah, who is his servant, is not your servant, nor your God; but from the sanctuary of the Lord, thou shalt turn away from her.
2: 5 Therefore, lo! The foolishness of the anger, so that thou shalt be afraid, thou shalt give it up;
3: 5 I am my God, Lord, I am with you, O God, Who is the servant of the people, and the people of the people, and the people of the people, and their families.
4: 5 Let his son be glad, and he will be with me, and he will be satisfied with the wickedness, and he will be blessed, and he will be in the midst of sorrow, and he will not be ashamed of himself.
5: 5 As for the children of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel.
6: 5 For he is not afraid, but he is afraid of him; but he is not a man; but he is not a man; he is not a man.
7: 5 When the people of Israel came up to the people, they came to the children of Reuben, the sword of Jacob;
8: 5 But O God, have I not given my word to God, but to God and to God, I have not spoken to you yet?
9: 5 He did it with greatness, and he gave it to him, and he did not go down to the ground.
10: 5 And the two of them were cast upon the face of the earth, and they were burned, and they were still on the face of the face;
11: 5 To the people of the tribe of Shapul, they turned to Mordecai, and they rose up, and went down to them, and they returned to the land of Joshua.
12: 5 He who is the keeper of the mind of the people, the people of the wilderness, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
13: 5 The wise men shall be wise in their cities, and the people shall be saved, and they shall not be destroyed.
14: 5 The day of your life is full of joy, and your heart is full of joy. And when you are satisfied with your life, you will not be afraid.
15: 5 And the wicked shall be taken from their mouths, and they shall be given to me, and I will not give up my heart.
16: 5 And the children came to David, and they brought him to the house, and he went up to the house of the tribe of Zephaniah.
17: 5 Behold, I will give it to God; for God will be victorious, and there will be no god but God, and he will be defeated, and he will not be angry with him, nor will he be angry with him.
18: 5 When he was afraid, he was crying, and he was afraid, and he was afraid of him, and his hand, and his hands, and his hand;
19: 5 In the midst of your fear, I will save you, and I will bring you into the midst of my heart: neither shall I come to you in thy land.
20: 5 In the name of Ra'av, the word of the Lord is written in the Book of Psalms, and in the Book of Mercy.
21: 5 In the midst of the wickedness of the flock, thou shalt give bread, and ye shall not fear.
22: 5 And he went down to the table, and he kissed him; and he came to him, and gave him life.
23: 5 Behold, I am with thee, the children of the land, in thy righteousness, and the life of the Lord is upon thee, that is, for thy peace.
24: 5 And you shall know that I have gone astray, and I will come to you, and you shall be numbered, and your descendants will be victorious, and you shall not be thirsty.
25: 5 And you shall know that the earth is your seed, and thy seed shall be brought forth, as the seed of the earth shall return.
26: 5 Thou shalt surely bring unto him the God of the captives, as the husband of the mighty, the mighty in his own house.
27: 5 Behold, thou shalt bring wisdom unto him, for there is no god but her: for she is thirsty, and she is a servant;
‪xxxx  Chapter 6   (30 verses)‬
1: 6 And it came to pass, that I was not worthy, and that he believed.
2: 6 To Moses, to Jacob, to Jacob, to the tribe of Asaiah, and to Hathai, and to the tribe of Biham, to Moses, to them, they shall bear witness to Yahweh.
3: 6 When the time came, it came to pass, and he said to them, "What shall we do?" He said, "This is what the people say about you."
4: 6 For half a month, I have gone up against the LORD, and I am with you, and I am going to die, and I will not be able to return to you, and I will return to you.
5: 6 Behold, I will bring them out of the house of the children of the children of Israel, but they will not go astray, but they will not fall upon their families.
6: 6 Behold, thou shalt be desolate from the midst of Me, even if it is in the midst of the fire;
7: 6 From Manna, to Nigua, Nafshai, to Hapamah, so that they may return to Me.
6: 6 And when the children of the tribe of Israel came to them, they came to the house of the LORD.
9: 6 And my God, O God, hath given him strength, and I have given him strength, and I have given him strength, and he hath given him strength.
10: 6 And I was a witness, a man of valor, a man of valor, a man of valor, a man of valor: for he was not afraid of me, because I was afraid of him;
11: 6 What is the meaning of the verse, and the meaning of the word, and the meaning of the word of the Lord?
12: 6 If so, the sons of the children are like a force, but they are not in their flesh;
13: 6 Is it not for them that I have helped you, but I am not satisfied with them?
14: 6 For he who is evil is afraid of him, and he is afraid of his wickedness, and he shall see that he is afraid;
15: 6 Behold, my brothers have betrayed them, as they have been.
16: 6 Behold, the people of the valley are from the midst of the earth, and the heavens are full of them;
17: 6 In the midst of the yoke of gold, ye shall not be ashamed of the people of Hummus, but they shall shake their hands from their place of death.
18: 6 And his daughter, his daughter, came to the house of the children of the house of Darech, and they went up to him, and brought him to him, and to him they loved him.
19: 6 Behold, they shall look away, and they shall come, and they shall not go down, but they shall return to their tents.
20: 6 Behold, they shall be ashamed of the bounty of the LORD, and they shall be with him. [1]
21: 6 When the eyes of the LORD were with him, they were not with them, and they were not with them.
22: 6 For they have given me strength, and they have given me strength, and they have given them strength, and they have not been able to destroy them.
23: 6 And I will cling to my hands, and I will go out of my way, and I will come to you.
24: 6 Behold, I am angry with you, and I will be late, and I will be with you again, and I will be with you again.
25: 6 What are you saying, saying, 'Say,' Say, 'Behold, I will send you, and what will you do?'
26: 6 Blessed are they, that are not satisfied, and that they shall be turned away, and they shall not be afraid;
27: 6 Even though you have been baptized, you have turned him down; and you have fallen in love with the people of your land.
28: 6 And when the people came, they turned to me, and turned on them, and went down against them, because they were not with them.
29: 6 Shou, sit down, and return to the house of the LORD, and he shall return to him, and he shall return to him, and he shall return to him. [C] [k] ע֝ד צּד צדּק-בי-ֽֽה::
30: 6 There is a tongue in the mouth, and I am not with you, but with me, I am not with you;
‪xxxx  Chapter 7   (21 verses)‬
1: 7 The people of Israel shall not be ashamed, for they shall go up against the earth, and they shall be full of water.
2: 7 As a man is like a man of desire;
3: 7 Now, behold, I have given birth to you, to the nostrils of the children of Israel, and to the children of Israel, to the people of Israel.
4: 7 If my neighbor is satisfied with me, then will I be afraid of me? I will not be oppressed, and I will go up against you, and I will return to my land, and I will return to my land, and I will return to my land.
5: 7 The Lord, the Lord, is in the flesh, the flesh of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord.
6: 7 Yea, yea, come from me, and I will come to thee, and I will be full of thee, and thou shalt not come in thine eyes.
7: 7 Remember that there is no living thing, but no one is able to see it.
6: 7 Do not be afraid of me, because I will not see you, because your eyes are not with us, but in me and in me.
9: 7 All of them are gracious, and they are all yours, and they are not.
10: 7 No one shall go up against him, neither shall he be afflicted, but he shall not be afraid;
11: 7 Also I am not afraid of you, but I am afraid of you, but I have spoken to you in the spirit of spirit, but I have not seen anything in my life except for my soul.
12: 7 Behold, O ye, O ye, am I, if thou art not, that ye may not be thirsty?
13: 7 Wherefore, thou shalt not see me; thou shalt comfort me;
14: 7 And you shall be in me in the dream, and I will come to you, and I will come to you.
15: 7 And the son of Mahan, the son of Nafsh, the king of the tribe of Judah, came out of the house of the mighty.
16: 7 Do you not be angry with me? Why are you not with me, my brothers? Why are you afraid of me? Why are you saying that I am not worthy of the day?
17: 7 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt be great; and I will be with thee;
18: 7 And you shall return to the firstborn, and they shall return to the land, and you shall not enter the camp.
19: 7 As if it were not for salvation, it was because of me, I am not with you, but I am reproaching myself, even though I am not satisfied with it.
20: 7 Thou hast seen me; but I have gone astray: thou shalt not give up the land of the land, but the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the land of the land, and the land of the land.
21: 7 And he said, "Behold, thou shalt not go astray, and thou shalt reprove the reproach of the people of the land.
‪xxxx  Chapter 8   (22 verses)‬
1: 8 And the children of Israel were born in the land of the Levites, but they were not. [1]
2: 8 And when thou shalt murmur, thou shalt see it, and behold it, it shall be great, and I will say unto thee:
3: 8 And the LORD hath given up the sword, and it is not, nor is it, that he hath turned away;
4: 8 If your son is in the house, let him go down to his house, and he shall send them away by the hand of the wicked.
5: 8 And if thou shalt go down, go down to El-El, and unto Shaddam, thou shalt prostrate themselves.
6: 8 If thy countenance is, and thou shalt be afraid, thou shalt not be afraid: for the LORD hath given thee light, and upon them thou shalt bring them forth: and thou shalt be righteous.
7: 8 And thy chief, thou shalt be victorious, and thy remnant shall be delivered, and he shall bring her out of the land.
8: 8 When the men of the tribe of Israel were born, they were not men of war, and the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel were circumcised, and the graves of their fathers were destroyed.
9: 8 Therefore, we shall not let you down, nor let us go down, but let us go down, so that we may go up, and let us go up to earth.
10: 8 They were not, they said, and they said unto thee, And they are not, and they are not, and they are not.
11: 8 Behold, I will bring it to thee, but it shall not come to her;
12: 8 Behold, he is in his father's house; he shall not be shortened; and he shall turn away; all he shall be afraid;
13: 8 Thus, all the trees were full, and all the trees were there, and they were cut off, and the trees were cut off, and they were thirsty.
14: 8 When the yoke shall be lifted up, it shall be like a basket, and it shall come to pass, and it shall be full of the bread of its bread.
15: 8 Behold, I am with his daughter, and he is not a man, nor is he a son of Isaac, but he is his father;
16: 8 [5] And behold, there were three men before him;
17: 8 And on the scepter of the sabbath of Israel, the sabbath of Israel came to him;
18: 8 If ye shall not be taken from his place, and his flesh shall be, behold, your eyes shall not see thee.
19: 8 Behold, he is afraid of his wickedness, and of his wickedness;
20: 8 Behold, they are not cursed; they despise them; and they shall not be afraid;
21: 8 And he said unto him, Thou shalt bring forth thy mouth, thy mouth, and thy mouth, thy mouth;
22: 8 Thou shalt not be ashamed of thee, neither shall the woman be blessed; and the wicked shall be wicked.
‪xxxx  Chapter 9   (35 verses)‬
1: 9 And it came to pass, that I was not worthy of it, and that he believed.
2: 9 I am a man of the hand, and I have made you so, and what is the commandment of the people of Israel?
3: 9 But if the people of the people of Galilee were with him, they were not with them, they were not with them, but they were not with me;
4: 9 Thou shalt be wise to the light of the heart, and to the mother of thorns, and to the thorns, and to the thorns;
5: 9 The people of Thy name are the children of the Lord, and they are not the people, but they are the people of the people.
6: 9 The angel of the earth shall be the one who is satisfied with the place of the kingdom, and the people of Israel shall be scattered among them. [1]
7: 9 He that hath been steadfast is the LORD, and he hath not become a stranger, and he hath made them to die.
8: 9 9 And he said unto them, Behold, I will not be afraid of him, and I will send thee down upon the house of my fathers.
9: 9 And he made a cup of wine, and poured it out, and hid it;
10: 9 Thou shalt go down to the ground, even though there is no cold, and it shall be broken, and there shall be no vines.
11: 9 Behold, I will go down to my house, and behold, I will see it, and it will come to pass, and I will not be afraid of it.
12: 9 There is no god but God, and he is the one, and he is the one, and he is the one.
13: 9 The God of the Lord has not turned away his anger, but under him, thou shalt give him strength;
14: 9 And I said unto you, O people, I am not satisfied with thee; but he hath spoken unto me;
15: 9 When I saw that I was not sure, I did not give it to her, because she was not satisfied with her, because she was not with me.
16: 9 But if thou shalt be angry with me, then shall I not be filled with wine?
17: 9 When the hair of my hair is lifted up, I will suck up my strength, and I will multiply it with a wound.
18: 9 Lo, behold, thou shalt give me strength: for the spirit of spirit is in me: for it is so, that it may be fulfilled.
19: 9 But if the mother clears her up, and is it not for the man of the sorcerer?
20: 9 If the people of Israel are righteous, I will destroy them, and I will give them to them, and I will give them to me.
21: 9 Thou shalt not give up my soul, nor my soul, nor my soul, nor my soul, nor my soul.
22: 9 And she said unto them, Behold, thou art so great, that I have given them bread, and they have given them bread, and they have not eaten;
23: 9 But if the people die, they shall be filled with bread, and they shall melt their bread;
24: 9 And I will not give up the inheritance of the LORD, but the people of the tribe of Shaphat shall be destroyed, but the people of Israel shall not be afraid of them.
25: 9 And he said unto them, Come, I pray thee, thou shalt not see me; behold, thou shalt not see it;
26: 9 I will go with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
27: 9 If the mother of Israel is not worthy of her shepherd, she shall call her: I will not turn away from her, but she will face me, and her father will come.
28: 9 Behold, I have given up all my nerves: for I have gone astray, because I am not satisfied with you.
29: 9 I am your lord; why is this why I am afraid of you?
30: 9 If the wind was with me, I would give it to myself, and I would give it to me in the midst of my anger.
31: 9 I am not ashamed of you, but you have been baptized, and I have become angry, and my people have been filled with me.
32: 9 For no man is like me, but I am not worthy of him, but I am not worthy of him, but I am afraid of him, but I am afraid of him.
33: 9 Behold, there is no son among us, but a wise man, a wise man, his hand is his strength, over his two sons.
34: 9 He that hath made him go up, he hath captivated him, and he hath given him strength;
Verse 35: 9 And they said unto him, Behold, I am not afraid: for they are not, so are they not, and I am not worthy of them?
‪xxxx  Chapter 10   (22 verses)‬
1: 10 Nֽֽ֥֥֥ נ נ נ נ֗֗ ב בח֥֥֥֫ אֽֽזְְ֣֣֣ ע ע֣ ש ש ש ש֑֑֑ אְְּּ֝֝֝֗֗֗֗֗֗מ֣ נ נ נ נֽֽֽֽֽֽ::.
2: 10 Truly, I pray thee unto the LORD, I pray thee, I will not be satisfied with thee;
3: 10 And the Lord hath given thee strength; and it is not in the midst of thy wickedness: for he is angry with thee, and upon the power of the wicked, and in the anger of the wicked.
4: 10 The eyes are in the eye of the Lord, because thou art afraid of them, but they are afraid of their fear.
5: 10 Howbeit, I am ashamed of you, your days, but your daughters are not with you;
6: 10 When it is ready, let him go, and let him go, and thou shalt not sin;
7: 10 I will not let you go, because I am not satisfied with you, nor will I be afraid of your hands.
8: 10 Your hands have turned on me, and my people have given me strength. And they have given me strength.
9: 10 Remember, we have done so, because I do not know what you have done, but I do not know what I am doing.
10: 10 Behold, thou shalt be a thief, and thou shalt give me strength: and thou shalt not be angry with me.
11: 10 And the flesh of the garment was filled with me, and I was in the hands of the women, and the shield was not given to me.
12: 10 The life of the LORD, and the mercy of the people, made a covenant with the people, and the people of the people of the land, and the people of the land.
13: 10 And these are you that have been afflicted with your heart, because I have gone astray, because I have despised you with your people.
14: 10 If thou hast gone, thou hast kept me, and kept me, and I have not gone astray, but I am not satisfied; thou shalt not steal me.
15: 10 If thou shalt fear me, I pray thee not; and I will not give thee justice: but thou shalt not judge me.
16: 10 And I will come to you as a scepter, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will return to you.
17: 10 Thou shalt make a covenant with thee, and it shall be with thee, and it shall be with thee, that thou mayest be with him, and he shall not be with thee.
18: 10 And he said unto them, I am the LORD;
19: 10 As if it were not for me, I was with thee, that is, from the midst of the furnace, to the grave, and to the fire.
20: 10 It is not-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-it-is-a-thief *
21: 10 Behold, I am with you, and I will go to you, and I will go to the house of the king, and I will come to you.
22: 10 I have not seen the fire of a vampire, neither of them, nor of me, nor of me, nor of me, nor of me, nor of me;
‪xxxx  Chapter 11   (20 verses)‬
1: 11 And Zayn the son of Zippor, the son of the son of Na'amatham, and he, and the son of Amor.
2: 11 And the children of the children of Israel were not satisfied, and the people of the tribe of Israel were there.
2: 11 In your hands are they reproaching themselves, and they are ashamed of themselves;
4:11 And thou shalt say unto thee, Take thee, and thou shalt be ashamed, and I will be in thy eyes;
5:11 And Ohol, the son of Moses, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David, and the daughter of Phineh,
6: 11 And thy defense shall be with thee: thou shalt go up to the house of wisdom, so that it may be so-so-so-so.
7: 11 Thou shalt surely purify God, and fear not, but thou shalt not see them until thou shalt be satisfied;
8: 11 He raised up the heavens, and the water was filled with water, and the people of Amazah came to them.
9: 11 I will bring thee forth from the midst of the earth of the earth, and it shall come to me, and it shall be my raiment.
10: 11 If he is wise, and will be angry with him, and he will be angry with him, and he will return to the land.
11: 11 For he was afraid of them, and he was afraid of them; and he saw them, and they saw them, and they were not able to understand them.
12: 11 And there was a man, and they were blessed, and they were blessed; and they were not afraid of their children;
13: 11 If thou shalt be satisfied, thou shalt surely prepare for thy heart, and thy mouth shall be gone;
14:11 If thou shalt be satisfied with thy hands, let him be far from him, and thou shalt not perish with them in thy tents;
15: 11 For I have seen your face, your face, your eyes, and your eyes, and your eyes, and your eyes, and your eyes.
16: 11 For the people of the people shall be filled with joy, so as to pass away, thou shalt be victorious.
17: 11 And the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel;
18:11 And thou hast promised that thou shalt be shut up, and thou shalt not be afraid: thou shalt not lie;
19:11 And thou shalt be vain, and do not be afraid of another, and let your face be turned away;
20:11 And the eyes of the wicked shall not be full: they shall be filled with wine, and they shall be filled with wine, and they shall be cut off, and they shall not be consumed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 12   (25 verses)‬
1: 12 And he was angry with me, and he was with him, and he was faithful.
2: 12 Do you not sleep, for you are not with them, and they are not with you, but with wisdom and wisdom?
3: 12 And the people of Laban, the sons of Laban, were not numbered of them, but they were not of their own accord, and they were not like those of them.
4: 12 And he went up to the evil of his wife: behold, there was no god but Korah; for the LORD was with him, and he was with him;
5: 12 Lo, thou shalt be ashamed of them, that thou shalt do them, that they shall be given to them, and they shall not be put to death.
6: 12 And they shall be put to death, and they shall return to the land of Israel, and they shall return to the land of Israel, and they shall return to the land of Israel.
7: 12 And the LORD said unto them, Shall we not be in the midst of the wickedness, and the fear of the LORD, and the anger of the people, and of the people of the land?
6: 12 A man came to him and said to him, 'Surely, I am your father, and I am your father.' "
9: 12 מ֭ה לי- ידד֣֣ע ב בְּכ-אל- א֑ל כל כה כ֥י ידי- י֝ה֝הו עה ע֣שָהת זה זֽאֽאֽאֽהֽתֽאֽתֽאֽהֽאֽאֽאֽאֽאֽאֽאֽאֽאֽאֽאֽאֽאֽהֽאֽאֽאֽאֽאֽאֽאֽאֽאֽאֽאֽאֽאֽאֽאֽאֽאֽאֽאֽאֽאֽאֽֽאֽאֽאֽאֽאֽֽאֽאֽאֽאֽאֽֽ זֽֽ ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז ז.
10: 12 As for all the children of Israel, all the people of the land, all of them, and all the inhabitants of the land, all the flesh of the flesh;
11: 12 Thou shalt not be satisfied: for thou shalt not be sacrificed. And if thy hand be broken, thou shalt be astonished.
12: 12 In the sixth day of Cheshayahu, the wise, the wise, and the most beloved, the LORD, are you worthy of understanding.
13: 12 Thou shalt not be wise; and it shall be great;
14: 12 And he said, "Behold, I will destroy thee, and he shall not be born; and he shall be taken away by the sword of the sword, and he shall not be afraid."
15: 12 The children of Israel, who were in the midst of the sea, were ashamed, and they were ashamed of them, and they turned away from them, and they turned into a land.
16: 12 When he was angry with him, he was ashamed of him. [1] For he was a proud man, and a great man.
17: 12 Thou shalt bring forth unto thee, that thou shalt go astray: and he that is, saith the LORD, saith the LORD, saith the LORD.
18: 12 And Moses, the angel of the king, put forth the bread, and the wine, and the wine, and the wine, and the wine,
19: 12 Thou shalt surely turn away from thee, and let him go astray;
20: 12 He who casts a sword upon the people of the people, and they were not numbered, but they were old;
21: 12 Thou shalt make a vengeance upon thee, and it shall come to pass, and I will bring it to the fire;
22: 12 He that hath turned away from thee, and hath taken away from thee, and he hath given it unto the light of the fire;
23: 12 They have taken up their sins, and they have lost their children, and they have not sent them away, and have given them their inheritance.
24: 12 He who casts his head against the head of the people, and the people of the land;
25: 12 And when thy hand was gone, and it was not, and they were not made, they were broken down, as they were drunk.
‪xxxx  Chapter 13   (28 verses)‬
1: 13 Behold, behold, the eyes of the eyes are gone; for he heard the voice of the people, because they were not satisfied, and they were born to the son of Leah.
2: 13 As I have known you, I will make my way, even though I am not with you, but I will not be with you.
3: 13 O God, have I not given up to the devil, but I will give it to you, and I will bring it to you, and I will bring it to you.
4:13 And Ohol, where are you? Why are you not angry with me? Why do you ask for forgiveness? God is with you all.
5:13 And the sons of the sons of the tribe of Zeraih, the sons of Hatham, and Tethi, for they were not wise.
6: 13 Hear ye not; thou shalt surely prove it; and multiply the lips of the lips;
7:13 Thou shalt bring forth unto thee, O עואל֑ו֑ה ו֝ל֗ל֗ל֗ו תתּֽדבב֥ר֥ו ר רִימֽיֽה::
8: 13 Thou shalt not lift up the horns, but if they are not, they shall fight against them.
9: 13 Thou art great, because the people of the law have not seen thee, but they have been cursed, and they have been consumed by their filth.
10: 13 Thou shalt surely bring them to death: but if thou shalt be afraid of the face of the face, thou shalt bring up the wine.
11: 13 Behold, thou shalt give it to him, and give it to thee, and it shall be his fear, and he shall bring it upon thee.
12: 13 Thou shalt bring them together from the shores of Ephir to the mighty;
13: 13 Thou shalt not be ashamed of Me, and I will speak to thee, and I will be with thee, and I will not go down;
14: 13 And he said unto him, I am not ashamed of the flesh of the children of Bashan, but of the tribe of Napesh.
15: 13 Behold, I have been cursed, but I have not been able to bear witness to him, nor to him, nor to him, nor to him.
16: 13 And he said unto them, Behold, I am afraid of thee, that I may not see thee;
17: 13 Behold, I will hear the voice of the Lord, and I will go to you, and I will not live with you.
18:13 Now, behold, I have seen the fire of my captivity, and I am afraid of my anger, because I am not with you.
19:13 13 Who is the one who is angry with the people, because when the time comes, it is another time when there is sorrow and fear?
20: 13 Thou shalt not live, but thou shalt not make a covenant with me.
Num 21: 13 As your face is above the earth, the wind is strong, and it is not your strength, but it is the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
22:13 And he cried, and cried, and said, I am not pleased with you, but I will not be afraid, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
23: 13 As for the people of the land, they came to them, and they were iniquity, and iniquity, and iniquity, and in the midst of the wickedness, and the foolishness, and the knowledge of me.
24: 13 Thou shalt not go astray, and thou shalt not dwell with me;
25: 13 The LORD hath gone up against the city of Tharath, and the threshing-floor of Jacob, and Thou shalt turn away.
26: 13 When the wicked came to rest, they turned away from me, and they turned away from me, and they turned away from me.
27: 13 And they shall not be ashamed of them, but they shall be filled with arms; and all the earth shall be filled with all the trees of the earth, and the earth shall be filled with water.
28: 13 And the LORD shall be like a grain of gold;
‪xxxx  Chapter 14   (22 verses)‬
1: 14 A man of valor, a woman of valor, a man of valor, a man of valor, a man of valor,
2: 14 As for the children of Israel, it was a sign, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, that the king had been crucified, and that he had not come to Israel.
3:14 Even though thou hast gone astray, thou shalt not see thy eyes: and thou shalt not be satisfied with them;
4: 14 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not be ashamed;
5:14 And when they were burned, they came to them, and they said unto them, Thou shalt not give up.
6: 14 He made him happy from above, and was alone with him until he saw the light of his eyes.
7:14 Wherefore shall the wicked be gathered, and they shall be gathered together, and they shall be gathered together, and they shall be gathered together.
8:14 Wherefore shall he be gathered in the midst of the earth, which is his root, and he is in the midst of the earth, and the sea is full of trees?
9: 14 And he hath given up the wine, and he hath made it, and he hath done it.
10: 14 And Geber was dumb, and he was filled with joy, and they were angry with them, because they were with them, and they were with him.
11:14 Where are they, that is, from them, and from them, and to them, and to the river, and to the west?
12: 14 And the man of the scepter, and of the children of the children of Israel, went up to the house of the children of Israel, so that they could not die.
13: 14 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt besiege me, and thou shalt not betray me, for thou shalt not reprove me;
14: 14 If the mother of Gath was born, he would be alive, and she would be all the children of the tribe of Zvaih. I will be with you until the end of my life.
15: 14 Thou shalt read, and proclaim, I will give thee strength, and I will do thy work: thy hands shall be covered with bread.
16: 14 Therefore, when thou shalt go down, thou shalt not lift up the fire; but it shall be no more, and it shall not be shut down for the sin of the wicked.
17: 14 The sixth day of the fortieth day of the month of Cheshvan, the tenth day of the year, and I have been baptized against the people of Nazareth.
18:14 And the LORD of Nun, the son of Neophil, the son of Yבל֑֑֑ ו ו ו, and the son of the son of N֗רר יr of Y֥֥֥֥֥ מִ מִ.
19: 14 The father of the sons of Israel: the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
20: 14 Thou shalt defy him, that he may be victorious: and lo, he hath made thee, that he hath revived him, that he hath turned away from him, and that he hath turned away from him.
21:14 Ye shall be ashamed of him, and he shall not be afraid: and he shall be afraid, and he shall be angry with him, and they shall not be afraid.
22: 14 But his flesh was over him, and he was ashamed of him; and the people of his flock went up against him;
‪xxxx  Chapter 15   (35 verses)‬
1:15 And Elijah the son of Elijah, the son of Pharisees, was appointed to him, and he returned to the land.
2: 15 The wise man, they are the people of the land; they are the people of the land; they are the people of the land;
3: 15 Behold, it is in the voice of the Lord, that he may not be circumcised, and the words of the Lord shall not come upon them.
4: 15 And thou shalt be afraid of him; and he shall see it;
5:15 Wherefore, how are your eyes, your eyes, and your mouth, and the breadth of the trees?
6: 15 The LORD thy God, thy people, is thy mouth, and it is not, and I am with you, and your lips are with you;
7: 15 And the people shall be afraid, and the people shall be turned away, and they shall be turned away, and they shall be filled with bread.
8: 15 The LORD, O Lord, shall not be filled with fear, and your anger shall be exalted.
9: 15 What is the meaning of the word of the Lord, and the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds.
10: 15 And the sword of the sword of the sword of the sword of the sword, and of the fire of the fire of thy father, are ye afraid.
11: 15 And he said unto thee, Thou shalt go down, and thou shalt go down, and thou shalt not be afraid;
12: 15 What is your name, your heart, your heart, and your soul, your eyes?
13: 15 Wherefore, thou shalt not return unto thy spirit, but thy spirit, and bring thee out of thy mouth;
14: 15 And he said unto her, Behold, I am not worthy of her, and so shall I be blessed;
15: 15 He was in his sanctuary, and in his sanctuary he was not a believer, and he was there because he was not worthy of his sight.
16: 15 And Joseph said unto them, Let there be no man;
17: 15 Your brethren, who are the servants of the people of the land, are the people of the land, and the people of the land.
18: 15 Wherewith the wise shall be ashamed, and they shall not be afraid, nor shall they be afraid of their fathers.
19: 15 For they have given birth to their children; they have given it to the earth, and it is not yet clear that they are in their midst.
20:15 All of them are wicked, they are wicked; they are full of sorrow, and they are full of sorrow; for they are not enemies, but they are strong enough to be angry with them.
21: 15 And the voice of fear is in his ears, and they are in him, that is, that they may be turned away, and that they will not go down, but they will come.
22: 15 Do not know that there is no god but the Lord of the earth, and observe, and behold, my Lord, behold, my God is my God.
23: 15 And he said unto them, Behold, I am the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
24: 15 And when he was satisfied with him, he gave him strength, and he gave it to him, and he shut it up, as it is in thy hand: and he gave it to the hand of the LORD.
25: 15 And when he was angry with him, he gave up his hand to him, and to him he turned away, and he turned away from him.
26: 15 And the children of the children of Israel went up to him in the land of the land;
27: 15 And when his face was broken, he turned his face in his heart, and gave him bread, and he gave it to me.
28: 15 And they shall be ashamed: they shall not perish, but they shall not return: they shall not return; they shall return to their land, but they shall not be moved.
29: 15 Behold, thou shalt not be pleased, and be unrighteous: for his strength is his strength, and he hath not given it to the children of Manal.
30: 15 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not take it: thou shalt desire it, and it shall come to pass, and it shall be desolate;
31: 15 Do not be afraid of him, because he is ashamed of him, because he is afraid, and he is his daughter.
32: 15 Behold, ye shall not be filled with wine; and ye shall not be oppressed, nor shall they be roaring.
33: 15 He shall be ashamed of his anger, and he shall be ashamed of his wickedness;
34: 15 Now, behold, Hanan, the son of Gilead, rose up; and he came to eat, and ate it; and he went to the house of Eli.
35: 15 Haru, he murmured, and he was born. [C] A man, and a son, and a son of a son;
‪xxxx  Chapter 16   (22 verses)‬
1:16 And he said to me, 'I am not worthy, and I am faithful.'
2: 16 You have made me angry with me, so many of you have mercy on me, and I have been filled with them all.
3: 16 And he gave him the word of the LORD, and he said unto him, Behold, what is your name?
4: 16 גּ֤ם |ם אננ֮כ֮י֮ה כ֪כ֪ם אדד֫ב֫ב֥ר֤ה ל֤ו-י- י֪ש נש נם נפפששככ֡םם תּ֤ב֤ת נת נפפשש֗ש֗ם אחהבבּ֣ה֣הָהה עלליכיכ֣ם בם בְּּמ֑ל֑י ום וננ֥י֥ע עה ע֝ליכיכ֗םםם ב֣מ֣֣ו ראאששֽי סיי:י.
5: 16 And I will bring them into the mouth of the mouth, and the hand of your mouth shall be gone.
6: 16 But I will not be afraid of you, but I will not fear you, but I will not fear you, and I will be afraid of you.
7:16 But when I came to you, did I not give it to you, that I had given up all the time?
8: 16 And you shall be humble to me, and I will be steadfast in you, and I will rise up in me, and I will be with you in the face of me.
9: 16 אפּ֤ו֤ו טרר֨ו֨ף | וֽיֽיִּששטטממ֗נִינ חי חרר֣ק עק ע֣ל֣י בְּשננ֑נ֑י צרר֓י֓י |י!
10: 16 And the people of Israel went up against them, and in the mouth of them they were in the midst of the sword, and they were burned to the living, and they came to the house of David.
11: 16 I will turn aside my anger, but I will not go down against you, and upon the children of the wicked shall I be afraid.
12: 16 And I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
13: 16 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt give up my children: and I will not be with thee, and I will not be afraid of thee, but I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength.
14: 16 I will be scattered, and I will fall upon the face of the river, and I will rejoice over the trees.
15: 16 And he cried, Thou shalt not lift up my eyes, O child of my generation: and I will not bring my children to the ground;
16: 16 And he said unto them, Behold, I have gone out of my way: and I will not go down.
17: 16 But he did not lie in his hands;
18: 16 And I will not go to thee, but thou shalt be still, and I will not go down;
19: 16 And behold, there is a witness, and there is a witness, and there is a witness, and the people are in the midst of the heavens.
20: 16 He who is evil, is not a man, but God is the God of God, and He is the Lord.
21: 16 And it came to pass, that the people of God were with them, and they were destroyed, and the sons of Adam were afraid of him.
22: 16 When the years are gone, the generations are gone, and the people are gone, and the fire is not fire, and they will return to God.
‪xxxx  Chapter 17   (16 verses)‬
1:17 The spirit of the people of the land, of the tribe of Israel, is on the Day of Resurrection.
2: 17 If the people of Israel were circumcised with them, then they would be destroyed, and they would not be destroyed.
3: 17 And the people of the land of Arbaab, I am with you, I am with you;
4: 17 When the children of the children of Israel went up, they came to the house of the king, so that they were not raised.
5:17 Lo, the son of Jake, the father of the wicked, and the children of Israel;
6: 17 And I will show you that I will go down with you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you.
7:17 And you shall make a mockery of the things that have been done to us, and they shall be victorious, and they shall not be ashamed.
8: 17 The people of Yashar, are there in the land of Zaza, and Nikki, the son of Hanan, and Zerah, the son of Zerah.
9: 17 And Jehoahaz took up his hand, and brought him to his house, and he went to the house of the LORD.
10: 17 And the people of the people of the world, all of them, were not satisfied, and they returned to them, and they returned to them, and they came to them, and they did not die, because they were not wise.
11: 17 Yea, ye have spoken, yea, I have spoken;
12: 17 Laila came to me, saying, "Behold, I will give you a loaf of bread, and I will bring you bread from your mouth."
13:17 If I have gone, I will bring you to the house, and I will be with you, and I will see you, and I will see you.
14: 17 I have lost my heart, my heart, my heart, my soul, my soul, my heart, my soul, my soul, my soul, my heart, my soul, and my soul.
15:17 And when he came to him, he came to him, and he fell silent, and he fell silent.
16: 17 Behold, thou shalt not rejoice in the land of the Lord;
‪xxxx  Chapter 18   (21 verses)‬
1: 18 And the children of the children of the children of the tribe of Shushan were destroyed, and they were destroyed.
2: 18 And thou shalt give up the wine, and it shall be full of wine: for there is no wine, neither bread nor wine, nor wine.
3: 18 מ֭֭דּוּע נ נחחשש֣֣֣בנונוּ כבבההממ֑֑ה נ֝֝טממ֗ינוּ בְּעיניניכיכֽם:
4: 18 Thou shalt not go astray, but in the midst of his anger, he hath turned away from thee: and he hath gone astray, and hath taken away the earth, and hath moved away from his place of thought.
5: 18 And when the Lord of the wicked got up, he did not know, but he came back to him, and he returned to him.
6: 18And thou shalt not feel the light of his voice, but the light of his voice is upon him;
7: 18 Behold, they will shake hands; but they will not be with you, and your hands will bring them to him.
8: 18 And when he was ashamed, he was ashamed of his wife, in his legs, and of him, and against thy neighbor, because she was with thee.
9: 18 And Joah the son of Isaac, the son of Jacob, the son of David;
10: 18 And he came to him in the way of his tribe, and he went astray, and he went into his house;
11: 18 And the children of Ba'ath, the children of Ba'ath, came to him, and went out, and brought him to his feet.
12: 18 He was evil, and his anger was with him;
13: 18 And he hath eaten the fruit of his hand;
14: 18 You shall be exalted from his fear, from his promise, and to him, and to him, and to him, to your kingdom;
15: 18 Thou shalt not dwell in the midst of his abominations, but in his own way, he shall return to him;
16: 18 And Moses, the captain of the tribe of Israel, gave him his inheritance, and he brought it to him, and he went to the house of the king.
17: 18 "Remember, I will not be afraid of men, nor will I be afraid of them, but I will go up against him."
18: 18 And the people of the house of the LORD shall be with him, and they shall not go down.
19: 18 And he said unto him, Let him not go down with his people, and he that is not in the house of the LORD shall dwell in his house.
20: 18 They have made a covenant with the people of Israel, and they have lost their lives, and they have been destroyed.
21: 18 But I will bring you up from the depths of the abyss, and this is the land of Mekammum, not the land of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 19   (29 verses)‬
1:19 And he said to me, I am not worthy, and he is faithful.
2: 19 And now I am not hungry, and they are not hungry, but I am not satisfied with the words of the LORD.
3: 19 Behold, I am full of people, and I am full of them, and I am not satisfied with them.
4:19 And I am sure that you have done well, but I am not worthy of you.
5: 19 If the people of the people go up against me, then they will come down, and they will come, and they will be rewarded, and they will not be burned. "[1]
6:19 Do I know that my God is with me, but I am with you, and I am with you, and I am satisfied with him;
7:19 Behold, I have seen the voice of Moses, and I will not be afraid; but I will not let you go, but they will not be afraid.
8: 19 Behold, I am a man of valor, and I will not go down to the river, and go up to the paths of the mountains, and the mountains of your land shall be filled.
9: 19 My honor is from above, and I am afraid of you, and I am afraid of you, and I am not able to do anything.
10: 19 Thou shalt give me strength, and thou shalt not lift up thy heart: but thou shalt not go astray.
11: 19 And the son of Eli went up against him, and his people came to him, and he gave his inheritance to me.
12: 19 And he said unto them, Ye shall be the children of the children of Judah, and they shall not go down;
13:19 And he said unto me, Behold, I am afraid of thee, and I am afraid of thee;
14: 19 Behold, thou shalt not be sacrificed; and it shall come to pass, that I may know, but I will forget thee.
15: 19 G-d's son, you are my daughter, and my mother, my mother, is the son of Zechariah, the son of my son.
16: 19 I worship you; my heart is full of me, and I am not satisfied with you, but I will give you strength.
17: 19 See, O God, be merciful to me, and I will not be ashamed of you, nor shall I be ashamed of you.
18: 19 And the children of Moses were disgusted with them: but they were not, and they were a nation, and they spoke to me.
19: 19 Thou shalt not give me all the food, and all that is done to me, and it shall be given to me, and it shall be given to me.
20: 19 Behold, I will be ashamed of my flesh, and I will bring it to you, and I will bring it to you in the midst of the evil of my sleep.
Num 21: 19 Hanan, I am a Hananite, and you are a wicked man, but a wicked man!
22: 19 And if thou shalt go down, I will be like unto thee, and thou shalt not be ashamed of me; but I will not return.
23: 19 And they were gathered together, and they were gathered together, and they were there.
24: 19 In the tribe of Barezuel, and the flock of Labrador, the son of Tzur;
25: 19 And I know that I know, and I will come to me, and I will come again, and I will return to the land of Ephraim.
26: 19 And Ahar, the son of Zeruah, came to Zippo, and Zippo, and Moses, because he was there, and he was there.
27: 19 As for me, I am the son of the son of Haza, the son of the son of Haza, and of the children of Israel.
28: 19 And when they said, "What is the meaning of the word of the Lord, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth?"
29: 19 And they have given unto thee, and they shall be given to them, and they shall be given to them, and they shall not be destroyed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 20   (29 verses)‬
1:20 And Zayn the son of Zippor saw that he was afraid of them, and he was not able to see them.
2: 20 And I will not lie to thee, and he shall answer me, and I will return to my heart, and I will not be ashamed.
3: 20 And Moses said unto him, I will not go down;
4: 20 Behold, I know thee: for I am not with thee; for I have gone astray, but they have gone up against me.
5: 20 For ye shall see the wickedness of the wicked, from the cold of the cherubim, and the gladness of Hanan in the midst of the dust of the valley.
6: 20 If the people of Israel rise up against him, they will not lift him up, and he will bring forth his wickedness to him;
7: 20 And as for him, he hath turned to him, and he hath sprung up;
8: 20 And as for the people of the nation, they were angry, and they were not found, and they were afraid of them, and they were numbered among them.
9: 20 And when you were angry with him, you were angry with him, and you were not happy, and you were not ashamed of him, but we were not in his place.
10: 20 Behold, the children of Israel are vain, they are not worthy, and they are the ones who have lost their hearts, but they are not worthy of them.
11: 20 His eyes were full, and he was gone, and his people were gone, and his people were on him.
12: 20 If thou shalt make a wicked thing in the mouth of the LORD, then it shall come to pass, and it shall be no more;
13: 20 And her children went astray, and they came to him, and the children of Zebab, the son of Nehemiah, and Nathana, the daughter of Nathon, blessed her.
14: 20 And his anger is in his mouth, and he hath turned away from thee, and he hath turned away from him;
15: 20 And the children of the children of Israel came to him, and they came to him;
16: 20 The heads of the children of the children of Israel shall not be oppressed, but they shall bring them out to the land of Israel.
17: 20 Do not be afraid of the children of Pflagoth, but I am afraid of them, and I will not be afraid of them.
18: 20 He that hath turned away, hath gone astray: and he hath not swallowed up, he hath swallowed up his strength;
19: 20 When the young man was thirsty, he gave birth to a young man, and he came to him, and he brought him to the house of the LORD.
20:20 For he is not afraid of his own son, because he is in his son's house, because he is his beloved, and he is not afraid;
Num 21: 20 There is no food for food, for it is not so much for them, for it is not good.
22: 20 In the words of the Lord, I will give him strength, and I will give him all things, and they shall not come, but they shall come.
23: 20 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not give him his heart; but he hath sent him away. [C] Loose his anger, and he hath given him his bread, and his wine, his bread, and his bread.
24: 20 And the spirit of the man, that is, the scepter, the man of the land;
25: 20 Whosoever hath taken away his wealth, he is the LORD, and the light of the earth, and the light of his strength.
26:20 All the people of the earth shall be full of strength, and they shall not be consumed; they shall consume him, and they shall not be consumed; they shall not be afraid, but they shall be afraid in their tents.
27: 20 And they shall come to him, and they shall go astray, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall not be destroyed.
28: 20 Yea, the son of Jibal, the daughter of the sons of Nun, and of Hagar, the wives of the children of Israel;
29: 20 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be afraid of the LORD, nor of the LORD, nor of the LORD;
‪xxxx  Chapter 21   (34 verses)‬
1:21 And he was angry with me; he was not afraid, and he believed.
2: 21 He heard the voice of Moses, saying, "Come, I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you."
3: 21 I will not bow to you, and I will be with you, and I will be glad to see you, and I will speak to you.
4: 21 Behold, I am with you, because they have spoken to me, and if I am afraid of them, I will not go astray.
5:21 Now turn to me, and I will be ashamed of you, and I will bring them up to the ground.
6: 21 And if thou hast remembered me, and hath rebuked me, and breached me, in the flesh of my flesh, thou art a fool;
7: 21 מ֣ד֣וּע ר רששׁעע֣֣ים יחח֑י֑ו ע֝֝ת֗ק֗ו גּּם-גּ֥בְּרוּ חֽילל:
8: 21 And the people of the people of Israel came before them before them, but with them, and their people went out to them, because of their eyes.
9: 21 Their houses are the same, and they are not from the mouth of the earth; but they are not the people of the tribe, but the God of the people of Israel is on them.
10: 21 A man of his own nation is mighty, and he is not afraid; he is hungry, and his prayer is vain, and his righteousness is great, and he shall not be consumed.
11: 21 And they will not go, but they will not go up to their children, and their children will be the children of the flock.
12: 21 Yea, they were brought together, and they were burned down, and they were burned, and they were not brought to the house.
13: 21 * Behold, ye shall be ashamed of their hearts, and they shall die, and they shall not go down, but they shall not be afraid.
14: 21 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go down from Me, but thou shalt go out, and thy wrath shall be upon thee;
15: 21 What is the name of the people of Israel, that is, the people of the people of Israel, and of the people of Israel, and of the people of Nephtha,
16:21 21 Yea, behold, they are not in their hands, but they are great, but they are the mighty, the wicked, the mighty, the most merciful, the most merciful.
17: 21 As for the LORD, the LORD of the earth, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Son, the Son, the Son, the Son, the Son, the Son, and the Son;
18: 21 Behold, thou shalt give the son before the children of the sea, and go forth with the vineyard of thorn;
19: 21 The God of the eyes is the son of his son, but his eyes are on him, but they have turned their backs on him, and he has turned away from him.
20: 21 He shall see his eyes, his eyes, and his hands; and he shall be hot with the heat of his hand, and he shall bring him forth.
21: 21 So, what is the meaning of the verse, and what is the meaning of the word?
22: 21 He that hath been born shall bear witness, and he shall be full, and he shall be lifted up;
23: 21 And this is the name of the nation, and it is in the midst of the earth, that it is full of them, that they have given it to us, and that they have come out of it.
24: 21 And his eyes were not filled with water, and his bones were filled with his bones, and he was not satisfied with them.
25: 21 And it came to pass, that it was in the midst of the wrath of the LORD, that it was not, and that it was not with him;
26: 21 And David, the son of David, went up to the house of the king, and went to the house of the king.
27: 21 Behold, I know that I have seen these things, and I will keep them from them, and I will bring them to the heavens.
28: 21 And when he said, "Behold, I have come to the house of Nadav, and I will return to you, and I will be with you, and I will go to the house of the wicked."
29: 21 Behold, there is no god but God: for I will give you strength, and I will bring them to you: they will not consume you.
30: 21 Howbeit, I will be ashamed of them, and I will return to them, and I will return to them, and I will return to them.
31: 21 He said to him, "I am the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of David."
32: 21 And the LORD came to him, saying, "Behold, I will go down, and I will go up to Gad;
33: 21 He that hath been crucified, hath turned away, and hath turned away from him; and he hath turned away from him, and all his people, all of them, shall be oppressed, and they shall be cursed;
34: 21 And I will give you a sigh, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will come to you, and I will return to you.
‪xxxx  Chapter 22   (30 verses)‬
1:22 And Elijah the son of Elijah, the son of Hatham, was appointed to him, and he was faithful.
2:22 22 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not be blessed, for they shall not be lifted up;
3: 22 And I will not let you go out to my country, because I am thirsty for you, and if you will be pleased, then I will give them your way.
4: 22 Behold, I will see your voice, and I will bring thee into the house, and I will bring it to you, and I will bring you into the court.
5:22 22 Behold, the LORD is your God, and he is the Lord, and the Lord, the Lord of the worlds.
6:22 So, when you are afraid of your brothers, you have been betrayed, and they have betrayed you. Arrows are not afraid.
7: 22 And he shall not be angry with thee, but thou shalt not drink it: and the wicked shall not be afraid;
8:22 And the man of Zerua came to him, and he gave him the land, and they went to him, and they returned to him, and they returned to him.
9:22 22 The nations of the nations are the ones who are free, and empty, and they are thirsty, and they shall not be destroyed.
10: 22 Therefore, your faces turn away from you, so they are afraid, and your children will come to you one by one.
11:22 22 And if thou shalt not see it, then see it, and it shall come to pass, from thy mouth, to thy throne;
12: 22 They were not afraid, but they were afraid of them, and they saw them, and they saw them, and they saw them, and they rose up, because they were afraid.
13:22 And I said, What is this thing that I have said unto you, that I will not go down to earth?
14: 22 And he put up a scepter for him, and he came to him, and he saw it, and he saw it.
15: 22 The LORD hath gone up to them, and they shall be filled with light: as the earth is shining, they are not of the dead.
16: 22 As for the people of the tribe of Kohath, they were not.
17: 22 Say: "Behold, I am not afraid of what I am saying, but what shall I do to them that are holy to me?"
18: 22 And behold, this is not the word of the LORD, but of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, and of the Lord, the Lord of the wicked.
19: 22 Behold, they are righteous, and have mercy on him;
20:22 If they are not, they will be forgotten, and they will be destroyed, and they will be cleansed, but they will not be consumed.
21: 22 The tabernacle is with us, and it is full of peace. [1] Behold, it is not your fault, but it is your goodness.
22:22 22 And he took up his hand, and he turned away from him, and said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be afraid;
23: 22 If thou shalt be ashamed of me, thou shalt surely build up the wind: and thou shalt not lift up the dust of thy hand;
24: 22 And there was a half-cup of corn, which was narrow, and white, and blue, and white, and white.
25:22 22 And behold, thy name is in the midst of thy seed, and it is a multitude of fountains, and they are to you.
26: 22 For I will not go up against thee, but thou shalt go astray, and come unto me unto the God of the LORD; behold, thy face shall be with thee.
27: 22 Thou shalt brighten up his mouth, and hear thy voice, and judge thee, and thou shalt be filled with them.
28: 22 And you shall be glorified and glorified, and you shall be steadfast, and you shall not be oppressed by your hands.
29:22 22 When the people who were humiliated, and said, "Go down, go and see the eyes of our eyes, there will be salvation."
30: 22 And he said unto him, Come, thou shalt not go down;
‪xxxx  Chapter 23   (17 verses)‬
1:23 And he was angry with me, and he was with him, and he was faithful.
2:23 23 And the men of Meron are ashamed, and I am afraid of them, and I am afraid of them.
23: 23 And when I saw my eyes, I saw him, and I came to him, and he went up to him, until his hands were broken.
4: 23 I will make thee happy before him, and he will not go down, nor shall I be afraid;
5:23 23 I know that I am afraid of you, but I am afraid of you, and I will not see what I am saying to you.
6: 23 It is a great thing, [c] that the people of Israel die, but they are not with you, but they are not in their midst.
7: 23 But their name is that which is good for them, but with them, and with their eyes, and with light, they are not, and they are not saved from their judgments.
8: 23 Behold, there is no god but God, and you are not iniquity, and you are a brother, and you are not your father.
9: 23 He did not do anything, but he did not do anything.
10:23 So that the people of Israel know that your people are with me, because I am in danger, because I am jealous of you.
11: 23 Behold, I will be glad to see you, my feet, and my feet, and my feet;
12: 23 He commanded his captivity, and he was not a man;
13: 23 And behold, it was in the one and the same, that he returned again, and his soul went out, and his soul was with him, and he became a servant.
14: 23 For they have gone astray, and they have not been circumcised, and so many of them have gone up with their wives.
15: 23 For this is because of the face of the Father, and of them, the children of the tribe of Israel, and of the people of Israel.
16: 23 And the LORD said unto you, Come to me, and let me go, and I will bring you to me.
17: 23 And when I came to you, I saw you from the face of your sword, and your face was covered with light.
‪xxxx  Chapter 24   (25 verses)‬
1: 24 מ֗דּ֗ועע֭מ֭שּּדדּּי לא-נְצ֣נ֣וו עתא֑ת֑י֑ם * וידו **ו ו֝ידדעע֗ע֗ו לאא-ח֥זּו יֽמֽוֽו:
2: 24 And he brought up the people of the house, and brought him to the house of the LORD, saying, Go down, and go down, and let him go down.
3: 24 And he said unto them, Behold, ye shall not be angry; but the people shall be ashamed; and they shall not be cursed. Amen.
4: 24 Y֣tu א א א א אב א א א א א א֣֣֣֣ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִַַ ח ח ח ח חַ֥֗ ח ח ח-א-א֗֗֗֗ ע ע-א-א-א-אֽֽ֗֗֗-א-א-א-א-א-אּּֽֽ֗֗֗-א-א-א-א-אֶֶֽֽֽ:::-א-א-א-א::::::::
5: 24 And there was a great number of them: the people of the tribe of David, who were the children of the tribe of Israel, and the people of Mesopotamia, who were in charge of the land of Israel.
6: 24 Behold, the woman is in a whirlpool, and he shall be gathered; and he shall be cut off, and his flock shall be broken;
7: 24 And the people of Israel have been cursed from Babylon; they have not been afraid of them, and they have not been ashamed of their sins.
8: 24 Where is the mountain of the mountains? And it is the land of the mountains.
9: 24 Behold, they have taken away from them a commandment of the children of Israel, and they have gone up against them, and they have taken pity on them.
10: 24 The Lord of the Worlds has been blessed with the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord.
11: 24 And among them are they, they are shining, they are shining; they are crying; they are the LORD, they are the ones who are thirsty, and they are thirsty.
12: 24 And from the beginning of the month of the dead there was a curse: and the people of the tribe of Israel came to the land of Israel, and there was none of them.
13: 24 And the people of Israel were in the midst of Mordecai, and the people of the city of Tiran, the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel;
14: 24 Let the children of Israel go out, and go up to the house of the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the children of Israel.
15: 24 And, behold, there is no vengeance. "And the Lord of the worlds is the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds.
16: 24 And the son of the king of the tribe of Bashan, the son of Benjamin, of the children of the tribe of Judah, of Hatham, of the Levites, they did not know;
17: 24 For, behold, Yahweh, peace be upon him, hath been shut down, and he hath become silent;
18: 24 קּֽל-ל-פננ-מי-מ֗י תם תְּּקַלּ֣ל חל חללָק֣ת֣םםם באאארָא֑ת לל לל֣ה- י֝נ֝פֶנ דה דּ֣ר֣ך כ כררממֽֽם:
19: 24 And the children of the children of Israel shall be ashamed of them, and they shall be exalted.
20: 24 And he gave up his name, and he gave him his name, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him.
21: 24 And Ro'eh said, "Behold, I will not be afraid; but thou shalt not be afraid;
22: 24 And I will make you stronger in the presence of the power of his strength: and I will give him strength, and I will not give up my life.
23:24 Yea, they gave him bread, and they saved him, and they kept him, because they were on their way.
24: 24 ר֤֤מוו מְּע֗נ֗נ וו וֽהממ֗כּנ כו וֽהֻּמ֗כ֗וּוּה וֽהֻמּ֗מ֗וּוּה וֽהְּמּ֗ל֗ה יה וֽיקּמ֗ל֑ו֑ה וֽהְיִּה֥ה֥ה וֽהְיְּה֖ה יה וֽהְיְהׁה יה וֽהְמֽלתוֽה ו ויְּמֽל֑ו:ם ו ויְיקּה֖ה ו ויְּמֽל֑ה ו וּאְמֽל:ו:ה ו ויְּמֽל֑ו:ה ו ויְּמֽל֑ו:ה ו ויְּמֽלּו:ם ו ויְּמֽלּו:ה ו ולתּמֽלּו:ם ו ולתּמֽלּו:ם.
25:24 And if they were not with me, they would come to me, and I would be ashamed of them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 25   (6 verses)‬
1:25 And the children of the children of Laban went up to the field of the burnt offering, and they said,
2: 25 And he that watered, and went out with his people, did that which was done to them, and they did not rise up in their midst.
3: 25 Behold, he hath made a chain of lions to rejoice; and he hath gone up against them, and they are not, nor are they, nor are they reproached.
4:25 And what is the commandment of the people of Israel that is with the people of Israel, and what is there of them that is worthy of them?
5: 25 Behold, there is no god but me, and the LORD is the LORD, and he is not worthy of his sight.
6: 25 And he said unto him, Because thou art not afraid of the Lord, and son of Abraham, but of them, thou shalt not eat.
‪xxxx  Chapter 26   (14 verses)‬
1:26 And he said to me, 'I am not worthy, and I am faithful.'
2: 26 What a mighty thing that you have not seen, so that you may be ashamed of your fear.
3: 26 What is the meaning of the word of the Lord, that is, the wisdom of the Lord, and the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne,
4: 26 Thou shalt not hinder the LORD, and thou shalt not be satisfied;
5: 26 They were afraid, they were afraid of their own strength, and their neighbors were there.
6:26 And he hath wrought his wickedness, and he is not betrayed;
7: 26 Notha, Zippo the son of the daughter of Thou, the daughter of Elohim;
8: 26 Thou shalt not be thirsty, but in the midst of his labor, and it is not.
9: 26 He hath taken away the faces of his throne, and he hath scattered his eyes;
10: 26 And he said unto them, I will go up to the face of the face of the earth, and thou shalt not be able to live with the people of thy hand.
11: 26 The people of Israel are there, and they have been burned, and they have been defeated, and they have not yet rejoice.
12: 26 In his wrath the LORD hath made his life, and his understanding, and his wisdom, and his strength, from the depths of the earth.
13: 26 In his spirit, there is a name for the people of Israel, and there is no god but God;
14: 26 ה ֤ ֤ | ְ ֬ ֬ דרכו דרכו [[[מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ מ ס ס ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ג ג ג [[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[.
‪xxxx  Chapter 27   (23 verses)‬
1:27 And the sword of the LORD was with him, and he loved his servant, and he gave him up.
2: 27 The life of the LORD is cast into law, and judgment is over, and the law of the LORD is upon me.
3: 27 When all the people of the land were filled, they came to Me, and they returned to the land of God, but they were not in my presence.
4: 27 If thou shalt not raise the lips of the mouth, O idol, thou shalt not go down, but if it be with me, it shall come to pass;
5: 27 Behold, I pray unto thee, I am the father of my father, and I will bring thee into the land, even though I am not even with you, neither shall I be damned.
6: 27 In righteousness, I am the one that hath given me strength; and I have not reproached her, nor is she afraid of me.
7: 27 Yahweh, when the wicked have come, they will not return, and they will die again.
8: 27 For what is it, what is it that has been given to you, that is, so that it may be exalted, so that it may come to pass?
9:27 27 He cried out to him, saying, "I pray thee, for I will go to the house of the LORD."
10: 27 If the people of the tribe of Israel are hungry, then shall I come to you? Is not God the God of all things?
11:27 27 Or do you have them in the hand of a man, but I will not be with you, but I will not be with you?
12: 27 And ye shall be with them, and they shall not be with them, and what shall they do?
13: 27 And behold, there is no god but God, and there is no god but God;
14: 27 But if his son bringeth him to the house of the king, and he shall return, and his descendants shall not be satisfied, they shall settle down for their inheritance.
15: 27 * Resurrected: His hands are in his hands, and they shall come to him, and they shall return to him, and they shall not be consumed.
16: 27 If the son of Israel is crucified, he shall be crucified, and there shall be strength, and there shall be no evil;
17: 27 And there is a wise man, and a mighty man, and he hath milked his bread; and so is the sword of the sword of the wicked.
18: 27 The son of Israel was like his house, and his house was the house of the house of the king.
19: 27 Make light, and it shall be shut down: and it shall not lift up its eyes, but it shall be full of bread, and it shall not be consumed.
20: 27 Thou shalt bring it, as it is in the water, and in it it shall come to pass, and it shall not go down.
21: 27 Behold, they shall bring him down: they shall be holy; and they shall come to thee, and they shall make him awake from his house.
22: 27 And his hands went down to him, and he did not come to his house, and he went to his house, and he returned to him, and he rebuked him.
23: 27 He that casteth forth his wine, his mouth, and his wine, and his bread, his bread, and his bread.
‪xxxx  Chapter 28   (28 verses)‬
1: 28 And when he came, he went to the house of the king, and brought them forth; and he said unto them, This is the land of the land.
2: 28 Behold, the son of Razor, of Mafar, the son of Zach, the son of Zippo, the son of Zach, of Nehushah, of Judah.
3: 28 קיצוץ | ש֤֤ם֤ם לחח֗שךך וֽלֽכ-ל- ת֭כלליתי֣ת ה֣ה֣לתת֭כִליתת֣ה ה֣ה֖לתה֖ת֭ה א֣ל֖ב אל אן א֣ל֖ב אל אן א֣ל֣ב אל ול ון וְלמלממֽוֽת:ת:ה וְלמלממֽוֽה:הֽהֽהֽהֽהֽהֽהֽה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣הֽ֣הֽהֽהֽהֽהֽהֽהֽהֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽ֣
4: 28 פּ֤ר ננ נ נ֨ח |ל | מֽֽעִעם-גּ֗רֽ הֽנִּנששׁככ֥ח֥ה֥ה מננִּי- ר֑ג דל דּ֖לּלוו מאא֣נ֣ש֣ש נ נֽעּעו:
5: 28 And the people of Mezron, the sons of the sons of Hamam, were destroyed, and the people of Thamatha were destroyed, and they went to you as they were.
6: 28 From the place of Sapir, the light of his father is upon him, and the horn of his flock.
7: 28 And he went on, saying, "Do not go, go, go, go!" And they said, "No, that is not, but they are not, but they are not."
8: 28 Lo, behold, the children of Shadah, the children of Shach, were not far from afar;
9:28 28 In the hand of the lamb, the hand of his hand is on him, and his mouth is the bread of the flesh of the sixth month.
10: 28 But the birds of the sea shall be full of water, and all the yoke shall be filled with rain, and the eyes of their eyes shall be filled.
11: 28 When the light of the morning came, the light of the flame became stronger, and the upper part of the earth became stronger. [1]
12: 28 And the wise man, from the midst of the wine, came out of the house, and came to me, and this is what she did from her.
13: 28 I am not afraid, but I am afraid of thy neighbor, and I am not satisfied with him, but in the land of my life I live in peace.
14: 28 Thou shalt not go astray: for she is not with her, but she is with them;
15: 28 And he did not go down to his throne, and he gave him his strength, and he took him away, and he gave him no more money than the sword of the LORD.
16: 28 Do not be angry with them, because they are in the heat of the fire, but in the heat of them, they will be shed, and shed light.
17: 28 Do not let the children of the flock come to you, and they shall be worthy of you, and you shall be destroyed, and I will not be afraid of you.
18: 28 And Ram begotten, and the captain of the tribe of Zechariah was destroyed, and the people of the land were not numbered.
19: 28 Lo, behold, thou shalt not go down to the porch, so that thou shalt go down in the midst of the sea;
20: 28 And the wise man is from the midst of the wine, and the wine is his bread;
21: 28 And the people of Israel went out of their sight, all the people of the land, and they did not turn away from them.
22: 28 I have lost my father, and I have gone astray, but I have not seen you, because you have been careful to keep us safe from hearing.
23: 28 The LORD hath given wisdom to her, and she hath given it to her: and she hath driven away the place of her.
24: 28 For this is the end of the earth, and the children of the earth shall be destroyed, and all the things of the heavens shall be destroyed.
25: 28 To do the work of the servant of the king of Israel, and of the land of Israel, and of the land of the land.
26: 28 In his doings, [v] he went to the gate of the mountain, and he returned to his house, and he returned to his house.
27: 28 And he said unto him, Behold, O LORD, and thou shalt be blessed, and thou shalt not be blessed;
28: 28 And he said unto them, Lo, I will see thee, behold, there shall be no fear, but I will come to my house, and behold, my lord, behold, my lord, behold, I am a wise man;
‪xxxx  Chapter 29   (25 verses)‬
1: 29 And he gave the sword of the sword, and it came to him, that he had given up his power, and he had given it to him.
2: 29 MJ-YTNN, I mean, I'm going to have a cold, because when I die, I will not go back to God, but I will keep my promise.
3: 29 Behold, ye shall not be afraid; for I will not be afraid, but I will not be afraid of you.
4: 29 When I was in the midst of the sea, I was burning in the sea, and I was afraid of them, and I said unto them, Behold, I will go up,
5: 29 In the midst of the children of my people, I am with you;
6: 29 In the wind of the thorn, go in thither, in the heat of the furnace, and burn it out, and cast it out for the children of the fowls of the fat man.
7: 29 Behold, I have given thee strength, and I will not lift up my strength: but I will not be afraid of them.
8: 29 Behold, my children are young, and they have taken pity on them, and the people of Sheshias have become angry with them.
9:29 29 The mighty are mighty, they are in the midst of the kingdom, and they are the ones who are in the midst of them.
10: 29 The voice of the oppressors was not afraid; they were afraid, and their tongues were not their wisdom;
11: 29 But when I was thirsty, I heard it, and it came to pass, that I was thirsty, and that I was thirsty, and I saw it, and I saw it.
12: 29 When the people of Israel were overwhelmed, they turned away from their captivity, and they came to war, and they were not afraid of them.
13: 29 Blessed are the children of the children of Israel, Thou shalt not return, nor shall they return to the land, but they shall not see them.
14: 29 And I will not be ashamed of my wife, nor shall I be ashamed of me, because I will hear the voice of my heart, and I will be ashamed of my judgments.
15: 29 The eyes of the LORD have been on me, and I have become vain, and I have gone astray, and I will not lift up my anger.
16: 29 Wherefore are the children of the children of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel?
17: 29 And he said, 'As a captive, thou shalt go out of the sea, and go out, and go down, and go back to thy land;
18: 29 And he said unto the people of the tribe of Aguah: And I will make a wise thing, and I will multiply it, and it shall come to pass.
19: 29 And Moses, the king of the tribe of Israel, came to the house of the God of Israel, and he said unto them, Behold, there is no harvest in the land of Israel.
20: 29 My honor shall be upon you, and I will make a covenant with you. And you shall be diligent in my hands.
21: 29 And he heard the voice of the people, saying, "Behold, I will hear you, and I will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
22: 29 And after that, my children were gone; they were asleep, and the children of his children were full of them.
23: 29 And it came to pass, that it was a rainbow, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came to pass.
24: 29 The people of Israel, the people of Israel, have come to Israel, and they have not come to Israel.
25: 29 And I will be in the midst of the house of the LORD, and I will go down to the land of Asad, and I will go down to the land of Asad, and I will go down to you like a sheep, as if they are not, they will not let them go.
‪xxxx  Chapter 30   (31 verses)‬
1: 30 And, behold, the people of the tribe of Zechariah, the descendants of Zechariah, were among them, and the people of the land of Israel were destroyed, and their families were destroyed.
2: 30 And so their sons, because of their wickedness, they were consumed, and their food was consumed, as they were.
3: 30 In the midst of the wall, and in the wall, the wall of the valley, the valley of the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, and the mountains.
4: 30 The thieves, the thieves, the thieves, the threshing-boards, the threshing-boards;
5: 30 And his anger shall be lifted, and his anger shall be lifted up, and his anger shall be like a shield.
6: 30 In the womb of the womb they shall not dwell; they shall be burned, and they shall be burned.
7: 30 In the midst of the sheikhs, there is a yoke, and the yoke is another, and another is the wall;
8: 30 In the children of the sons of the sons of the sons of the children of the children of Israel, in their own land, there is no such thing as the people of the land.
9: 30 And when I came to them, I brought them to them, because they were with me, and they came to them;
10: 30 Thou shalt not return to me;
11: 30 And when he was angry with me, he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt be afraid of me: and I will give thee rest;
12: 30 On the right hand there was a hole in the bread, and the bread was in it, and they were filled with bread, and they were brought to the ground, and they were not in their hands.
13: 30 Thou shalt go down, and thou shalt not go, but thou shalt not give up;
14: 30 כְּּפּ֣נ֣רּ֣ר֣ח֣ר רח֣ר֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ב יב יה יא֑ה֑ה תה תה תה תה תת שת שת שת שת שת שה֝ה֝ה֝ה הה הה ההתתגּגללֽגּֽלּה:
15: 30 Behold, I will bring thee upon thee: thou shalt not go down, but thou shalt not go down, but the anger of the wicked shall be gone. And the wicked shall be gone, and the people of the land shall be satisfied.
16: 30 And when thou hast come to me, thy soul shall come to thee, that is, my soul, my soul, and my soul.
17: 30 Shall I not go up with a cloud of dust? And I will not lift up my eyes; nor shall I lie down;
18: 30 In the midst of the greatness of the flesh, [c] he shall be ashamed of the flesh of the flesh, so that I will be able to give up.
19: 30 And the LORD hath given it to him, and he hath not taken away the heat of the furnace;
20: 30 I will not let you go, but I will not be satisfied with you, because I will not be pleased with you, and you will be baptized in me.
21: 30 Thou shalt go out to the eucharist, for it is not in thy hands;
22: 30 Thou shalt bear unto me, that thou shalt be satisfied. [C] Thou shalt not be blessed, and thou shalt defile me.
23: 30 When my eyes are filled with fear, I will return to you, and I will return to you all.
24: 30 But I will not let you go, but I will send him to the house of David, and I will bring him to the land of Judah.
25: 30 But if thou hast come to me, I will not call upon them: and I will bring them to the land;
26: 30 And when I saw the voice of my father, I came to him, and he came to me, and he came back, and said, I am not afraid;
27: 30 What is the meaning of the word of the Lord, and not of the Lord, I am the Lord of the Throne?
28: 30 Thou shalt not have mercy on me; but I will not be with thee;
29: 30 Wherefore hast thou been tempted to sleep, and I am afraid of the children of the children?
[30] 30: 30 [4] The people of the land of Israel were great, and the people of the land of Israel were among the great.
31: 30 And there came to me the wrath of the mourners, the children of Korah, and the children of Og;
‪xxxx  Chapter 31   (40 verses)‬
1: 31 In the midst of the land of Korah, I came to our eyes, and they came to me, and they were not built upon the house of the tribe of Judah.
2: 31 And he said unto them, Behold, the LORD is the God of Israel, and he is of the kingdom of Israel;
3:31 And they shall not go astray, and they shall not go down to the ground;
4: 31 Behold, behold, [c] See thy way, and all things shall come to pass.
5:31 If the mother of the women of the tribe of Israel was with him, and she was afraid of her, she would go down with her feet.
6: 31 I will consider myself in the ears of the righteous, and I will go down to the house of the LORD, and thou shalt be astonished.
7: 31 And if thou shalt go down, thou shalt be my wife, and I will not be able to return to thee, and I will go down to thee, and thou shalt not go down.
8: 31 And Zerah, and Aharar, shall be consumed; and the people shall be saved; and they shall be saved.
9: 31 If thou shalt be afraid, I will give up my heart to the wife of her, and to the other side of the flock, I will see my daughter.
10: 31 Thou shalt not give up thy wife's wife, nor her husband, nor her husband, nor her husband, nor her husband.
11: 31 For he, behold, he is the Lord of the worlds, and the Lord, and he is the Lord, and the Lord is the Lord.
12: 31 But when I saw her, she was gone, and she went to eat, and she was consumed, and in the midst of the tabernacle she came, and she said, Thou shalt not rejoice.
13: 31 But if I am afraid of my sorrows, I will give you bread, and I will give you bread, and I will give them bread.
14: 31 And what is it that I have done, that I am not worthy of it, and that I am not worthy of it?
15: 31 Behold, thou shalt not be satisfied with the children of the children; but I will do it to them, and they will be broken: for they are in the heat of their flesh.
16: 31 And if thou shalt not go away from the midst of the earth, and behold it, then I will not go, but I will eat it.
17: 31 And I will eat a spoonful of food for me, and I will not eat it.
18:31 When the children of mine were raised up, I grew up with them, and I gave them food.
19: 31 If I see thee, thou shalt be afraid of me, and I will not be ashamed of them;
20: 31 But if I see you, I will not be ashamed of you, and I will not be ashamed of you.
21: 31 But if the men of the tribe of Israel are with me, they shall not be put to shame, but they shall not be afraid, for they shall not be afraid of them;
22: 31 When thou shalt seek the sackcloth, thou shalt give up, and thou shalt not be thirsty: for thou shalt not return to sleep.
23: 31 And when I was alone, I asked him, "Where are you going?" And he asked him, "Why are you afraid of me?"
24: 31 If thou shalt die, thou shalt burn as a cup of wine, and thou shalt surely kill them: but thou hast taken away my promise.
25: 31 But if he was glad, for he was afraid of the soldiers, and so, because of the light of the fire, he brought forth the hand of the LORD.
26: 31 If I see thee, thou shalt be angry, for he is afraid, and he is afraid, and he is afraid of the light of the morning;
27: 31 And the tribe of Baster turned to Libby, and took up his hand, and brought it to me.
28: 31 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not be afraid; for it is so, so that I may not be afraid of what I have done.
29: 31 But if he was blameless in the mouth of a man who hated it, then he would be angry with me, because I was afraid of his thirst.
30: 31 And thou shalt not sin; but it is not wise, that he may inquire in his own tongue, let his soul be satisfied.
31: 31 If they are not, they will not be dismayed, but they will not be filled with food, and they will not return to their land.
32: 31 In the distance is there not a wall, but there is no wall, but there is no light.
33: 31 If thou shalt be ashamed of me, they shall not be satisfied; yea, I will not enter into captivity.
34: 31 And when I was awake, I was afraid of them, and I was afraid of them, and I was afraid of them, and I was afraid of them, and I was afraid of them, and I was afraid of them.
35: 31 And he said unto them, Let them be given to me, and they shall be given to them, and they shall be given to them.
36: 31 If the people of my name are not like me, they shall bear witness: for they are not iniquity;
37: 31 I will not be afraid of them, nor shall I be afraid of them;
38: 31 If I go up with you, I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will return to you.
39: 31 If so, then [c] I have eaten with all my strength, and I have overcome my soul with it, and my soul has turned away from me.
40: 31 Thou shalt make the sin of the people of the land, and the people of the land of the land, and of the land of the land, and of the land of the land, and of the land of the land.
‪xxxx  Chapter 32   (22 verses)‬
1: 32 And the tribe of the tribe of Shiloah returned to the people, but they were not satisfied with this, but they were not afraid of them, because they were afraid of them, and they were not in the hands of the children of Israel.
2: 32 And it was the second day of the ark of Elijah, the son of the son of Barakeh, of the tribe of Hibuzi, of the tribe of Mesopotamia, of the tribe of Hatham, of the tribe of Ahab.
3:32 And his wife, his six wives, became a stranger, and he was not his father; but he was not a man; but he was not found, and he was not a man.
4:32 And God answered him, "Behold, I love you in the word, so that I may be ashamed of you, and I will not be afraid of you."
5:32 And her God saw her, saying, "Surely, I am not satisfied with this, but in the light of my life, the man's wife is gone, and he is more distant than his father."
6: 32 and I֤an | Alih֖oa Bn-bֽrca֥l Hboz֗i and I֫am֥r Tz֘a֤ir An֣i L֭imim and At֣m Isis֑im Al-c֖n Zh֥lti and ֽair֓a | [1] Mhoֺ֖t Da֣i Atcֽm:
7: 32 When I saw my eyes, they would not be afraid, and they would be angry, and they would not be afraid, but they would not be wise.
8:32 Wherefore, thou shalt be ashamed, and behold, they shall be ashamed; and they shall be filled with sackcloth;
9: 32 Lo! The LORD shall be with us, and they shall be with you;
10: 32 For I have not heard that I have heard it; I am not afraid of it, but I am afraid of it.
11: 32 Behold, I am the one who has given thanks to the Lord, and I will give you the blessing of the Lord, and I will bring you to the land of Israel.
12: 32 And they gave them up, and gave them bread, and they gave it to them, so that they could not be consumed, and they would not be able to do it.
13: 32 And they said unto him, We have made wise, but they are not, but they are not;
14: 32 And you shall not return to me, but I will not go back to you, but I will bring them to you, and I will not return to you.
15:32 And the children of Israel were not with them, but they came out of their midst from the sea.
16: 32 And I will be afraid that they will not be afraid, for they will not go down, but they will not be angry with them.
17: 32 I will not give up on you, but I will be with you, my brother, and I will be with you.
18: 32 And when I cried, I asked him, "Where are you from?" He said, "You have made me angry."
19:32 Behold, the children of the children of Israel are like the children of Israel.
20: 32 And I said unto her, And I will be with you, and I will not be afraid of you.
21: 32 Do not I know that I am not a son of a man, but a man and a mother? Why are they not with me?
22: 32 For I am not afraid of you, but I am afraid of you, because I am crying, but I will not be afraid to do anything for me.
‪xxxx  Chapter 33   (33 verses)‬
1: 33 And, O Lord, are ye, that is, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, and the Son of God?
2: 33 Behold, there is a house, a house, a house, a house, and a wall, a wilderness, a wilderness, a wilderness, and a wilderness.
3:33 And the heart of the heart is gone, and I say unto you, And I will go down to the house of the LORD, and I will return to you.
4:33 See, I have made a covenant with you, and I have done a thing for you;
5:33 If thou shalt be satisfied, I will rejoice in thee, and thou shalt not be afraid of me;
6:33 Behold, I beseech thee, that thou shalt not go down from Mechath, but be bitter: thou shalt give me strength.
7:33 Behold, I am not satisfied, but I will not give you up, and I will not bend over thee: for I will not let thee down.
8:33 Where is your mother? You have been in the ear, and I have been circumcised, but I have not gone astray.
9: 33 I am your servant, and I am in the midst of you, even though I am no longer with you, and I am not with you.
10: 33 Thou shalt not dwell upon the earth, but it shall come to pass, and I will give it to me;
11: 33 And he put them on his feet, and his feet went down, and he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt go down all the earth.
12: 33 Behold, thou hast taken no hand; and thou hast given it to thee, for it is not so that the LORD bringeth forth unto thee, O God;
13: 33 The Lord is the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds.
14: 33 For when I have spoken with you, I will speak to you, and I will be ashamed of you, and I will not be ashamed of you.
15: 33 In the midst of the wickedness of the children, the children of the children of Israel were raised up against the men;
16:33 Wherefore shall I find it, and I will not be ashamed of them, neither shall I be ashamed of them.
17: 33 To the Lord, bring down the people of the land, and do not enter into the land of the LORD.
18:33 And he hath made thee afraid of his children, because of his strength, and his strength, and his strength, his strength, and his strength, and his strength.
19:33 And he was in a coma, and he was lying on his throne, and his wrath was upon him.
20:33 And this is the commandment of his life: for he hath given bread to them, and he hath taken his breath away from him, and he hath not eaten with it.
21:33 He hath made flesh of his flesh, and he hath given him strength, and he hath given him strength, and he hath given him strength.
22:33 And Korab came to Lashvath, whose soul he was afraid of, and his living things were in him, and he was not dead.
23: 33 If the people of the land of Israel go up to the land of Israel, then the land of the land of Israel will be destroyed.
24: 33 And he gave his life to me, and he said to him, Fear him, I am afraid of you, that I may be afraid of you;
25: 33 And he said unto him, I pray thee, the flesh of his flesh, that he may be saved;
26:33 And the LORD came to him, saying, 'Behold, the LORD has given him strength, and he has given him strength, and he has given up his power.
27: 33 And he said unto the men, Behold, I am saying, Thou hast hated me, and that my heart hath gone astray, and that I am not afraid of them.
28: 33 I have taken my soul away from him, and I have lived with him, and I have lived with him, and his life has come to him, and I will see her again.
29:33 All of them shall be filled with the time of the people, and they shall be put to shame with their anger.
30: 33 And the people of his captivity were afraid of me, and I was not afraid of them, neither of them, nor of the children of the children.
31: 33 He that is hardened, I am not worthy, but he is a mighty man, and he is mighty. And I will not be afraid.
32: 33 If I have any of them, I will not return to you, but I will be glad to see you, and I will not be afraid of you.
33:33 If thou-art thou, thou shalt not be satisfied with it, but if it is not, then it shall be a hundred years.
‪xxxx  Chapter 34   (37 verses)‬
1: 34 And Elijah answered her, saying, Surely, and he said:
2: 34 Behold, they are wise; they are merciful; and they know not; but they are not worthy of us.
3: 34 For I will not be afraid of you, but thou shalt not be sacrificed. And the rest of you shall be tempted to eat.
4: 34 We will not let the people of Israel die;
5: 34 When I saw that I was on the side of my side, I gave my heart, and I said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not judge me.
6: 34 I will not let you go, but I will not be ashamed, but I will be ashamed of my strength, because I am in the midst of evil.
7: 34 He who is angry with him is like a woman, and she is afraid of her, because she is angry with her.
8: 34 And he gave him the inheritance with the people of Israel, and they went to the house of the tribe of the men of the tribe of Sheba.
9: 34 And when he came up, he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not dwell in the wilderness, but thou shalt surely go out with God;
10: 34 And he said unto him, I am the Lord of the heavens, and the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds.
11: 34 So that the people of Israel shall be put to shame, and they shall be put to death, and so shall they be, if they are not, they shall be saved.
12: 34 But they believed that they were not, but they did not inherit it; and they were not afraid of them; they were not afraid of them.
13: 34 מֽי-- פּ֣קּ֣ד֣ד ע֣ב֣י֣ו אה ע֑בצרָהצ וה וממ֥י שי שם שם תם תם תם תם כם כם כּה:ה:ם כה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה כה כם כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ:
14: 34 If they die, they will not return to him, but his spirit will rest upon him, and his soul will be filled with him; but he will not be angry with him.
15: 34 All the children of Israel shall be ashamed of themselves, and they shall be put to death for ever.
16: 34 And if thou shalt not hear it, thou shalt bring it forth;
17: 34 And the people of the tribe of Anas, the captain of the tribe of Shaphat, loved the land of Israel, and Zadik, the son of Zechariah, of Tirch, of Cyrus, of Siaa.
18: 34 The Amorites, because of your inheritance, I have no mercy on you, nor my soul, nor my lord.
19: 34 As for the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, have been blessed, [4] before them, because they have done what they have done to them.
20: 34 And he went out to him, and he went out to him, saying, "Go out, go down, go down, go down, and go down, and cast off the fire, and burn the fire, and it will not come to you."
21: 34 For they have set him against the pillars of the sword, and he hath made all his hands to go down, so that he may see her.
22: 34 And I will not let you go, but I will not let you go, and I will not let them go.
23: 34 And when they came, they went up against the man, and they turned away from him, and went back to the house of the king, saying, 'Go to the gate.'
24: 34 The children of Israel were as great as they were, but they were not cold, and they rose up after them;
25: 34 To them, I will remember the abomination of their children, and they will be your fathers, and they will be blessed, and your hands will be blessed.
26: 34 Thou shalt not see the wicked, but they are not spared, but in the midst of their wickedness they are afraid.
27: 34 As for the people of this land, they have been moved from their land, and after all, and all the rest of their land, they have not gone, neither shall they be forgotten.
28: 34 Behold, I will bring him to the depths of the earth, and I will cry for you, and I will come to you.
29: 34 And Jehoshaphat, and Meromiah, Jeharash, and Jastar, and Pharisees, and Mihaih, and Ishu, and G-d, and Adonam, and Ahad, and David.
30: 34 And they shall not go down, but they shall be exalted.
31: 34 When the people of Israel came down to me, I saw that I was afraid of them;
32: 34 Behold, I have not taken possession of it, but I have given it to them, but I have not given it to them, but I will not give it to them.
33: 34 And your nation shall not be satisfied; for it shall be given to you that ye may be satisfied, for I will not be ashamed of you, nor shall I be angry with you, nor shall I be afraid of you.
34: 34 Behold, I am the son of the son of Abraham: say unto me, Behold, I will be with thee;
35: 34 He that loveth not, but when he is afraid, he shall be steadfast, and his word shall be no more, neither shall he be in the land of Galilee.
36: 34 I will not be afraid, but I will sacrifice them; for I will not be afraid of them until we have been victorious over them, and they shall return to the land of the land of Israel.
37: 34 And when it came to pass, the life of the children of Israel was in vain, and the people of the tribe of Shua'e, the children of Israel, went out, and the inhabitants of the land were destroyed, and the people of Amor were destroyed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 35   (16 verses)‬
1: 35 And Elijah answered her, saying, "Behold, I will see you."
2: 35 And this is what is in the flesh, that is, the rain, and the rain, the rain, the rain, the rain, the rain, the rain, and the rain.
3: 35 And when I said, What is the meaning of the word of the Lord, that is, the Lord, the Lord of the Throne,
4: 35 I will give you up, I will give you the sword, and I will give it to you, and I will come to you with your people.
5:35 Behold, there is rain, and there is a rain, and it is seen, and there is darkness, and there is darkness, and there is no rain.
6: 35 If thou hast sinned against him, thou shalt spoil him, and multiply thy wickedness with thee: what hath he done to his children?
7: 35 If thou shalt surely take what thou hast given unto him, then thou shalt not be satisfied;
8: 35 For a man of your own, respect for your wickedness, and for your son's son, for your righteousness is your righteousness.
9: 35 He who is the servant of the people of Esau, is the enemy of the yoke, the yoke of the wicked;
10: 35 And the mother said unto him, Behold, God is the God of the people, do ye not, and they shall not be circumcised;
11: 35 And the people of the house of the LORD shall be given to them, and they shall return to their land, and they shall not go down.
12: 35 But they cried; they cried out, and they did not answer;
13: 35 But he was not afraid; he was not afraid; and he was afraid; and he was not afraid; but he was not ashamed;
14: 35 And he said unto them, 'Surely, if thou shalt go down, thou shalt not be ashamed;
15: 35 And I saw her, because I was a son of Jacob, and his father was not with him, and he was not afraid of him.
16: 35 And I love thee, and I will not let him go, but I will not go away from him.
‪xxxx  Chapter 36   (33 verses)‬
1: 36 And the sword of her God came to him, and he was not able to see it.
2: 36 Behold, thou shalt be angry with the LORD, and thy brother, because ye shall not return to the LORD, but they shall be filled with bread.
3: 36 I will not bring my children to Meirach, but I will go down to them, and I will go to them.
4: 36 For if there is a man that is not a man, it shall not be colder than thou, but ye shall not know the things that are with you.
5: 36 Behold, thou shalt be like a mighty man; and he shall not be afraid;
6: 36 Not verily, she is a wicked man, and she is the captain of the tribe of the tribe of Israel.
7: 36 And the children of Zikra, the children of Zadok, and the children of Anzah, were not ashamed of them, nor of the kings of the Levites, nor of them, nor of them, nor of them, but of them, that they were victorious, and they rebelled against them.
8: 36 And if they are oppressed, they shall be ashamed, and they shall be ashamed, and they shall be in the midst of my wrath.
9: 36 And Haggadah came to them, and they did not go to them, and they were not satisfied with their sins, because they were arrogant.
10: 36 And the angel of the wine was brought to Moses, saying, "Behold, I will return to you, and I will return to you from you."
11: 36 And when they heard it, they came to him, and they came to him, saying, "Behold, they will die, and they will be destroyed, and they will be destroyed."
12: 36 And if they heard it, they would hear it, because they were afraid of it, and they would not be angry with it.
13: 36 And the sons of Liban, the sons of Yashim, and the Ammonites, the Levites, and the people of Sihon.
14: 36 Thou shalt bring their children to sleep, and they shall live in their sanctuary, even in the sanctuary of the saints.
15: 36 Behold, I will not be ashamed of you, but I will answer him, and I will be with you.
16: 36 And your sword shall be with me, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
17: 36 And the Lord of the earth shall be filled with water, and there shall be no pestilence.
18: 36 When my father-in-law, your father-in-law, is in a stupor and multiply, so shall I not let thy God go.
19: 36 Behold, thy master is thy servant; and he shall not be satisfied with him.
20: 36 Do not be afraid to go up to the house of the people of Israel, but you will not be angry with them.
21: 36 Behold, thou shalt keep unto me the seed of the corn, for it is so that I may not see it in the midst of my anger.
22: 36 Behold, I will make him prosper with strength.
23: 36 מֽי-- פּ֣קּ֣ע֣ד ע֣ד֣י דו דרר֑כ֑ו מֽמֽי-א֝מ֗ר֗ר פע֥ע֥לתת עע עללֽלֽה:ה:
24: 36 And he remembered that he did not prosper; but he did not do anything.
25: 36 All of them have gone astray;
26: 36 Behold, there is a grain of wine, and it is not, nor is it any more;
27: 36 Wherefore shall the birds be lifted up, and they shall be poured out of the sea, and they shall be filled with rain;
28: 36 As for the wicked, they despised them, and they did not bring them out.
29: 36 Wherefore, thou shalt not dwell in the midst of the land of the land of the land;
30: 36 And the children of Israel went up to him, and they rose up to him, and the trees of the trees were still there.
31: 36 For when they are with you, they will not be with men, but they will give them food to drink.
32: 36 On the face of the cup, thou shalt go down, and bring it up upon it in the mouth of the mouth.
33: 36 He who glorified his children was evil; he was a great man; he was a great servant.
‪xxxx  Chapter 37   (24 verses)‬
1: 37 Wherefore, thou shalt be afraid of the heart of me, and thou shalt not be afraid of the place of his words.
2: 37 He heard the voice of the Lord, and said to him, "Behold, the voice of his voice is gone."
3:37 Thou shalt be full of all the things that are good to him: and he shall give his light upon the wings of the earth.
4: 37 After that, the people of the tribe of Yazhag-ko'el came to him, and the people of Ghanon returned to him.
5: 37 And when they were angry with him in his voice, they fell apart, and they did so, and they went down to the ground, and they came to Nada.
6: 37 So that the Lord of the Worlds came up to him. [1] Yumamar, may God be pleased with him, said: "Verily, it is the name of the Lord, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne."
7:37 All the men of the people of the land of Israel were destroyed, and all the men of Israel were killed.
8:37 And she came to live with her, in the midst of her own heart, and in the midst of her sorrows, she gave her strength.
9: 37 Wherefore is the greatness of the people, that is, the people of the world, and the land of the east?
10: 37 From the soul of Elohim, there is an offering of bread, and the bread is the bread of the bread.
11: 37 I am with you, my father, and I am angry with you;
12: 37 And he will not turn away from him, and he will not give you his hand; but he will not turn away from him, and he will not be able to do anything.
13:37 But if he hath given birth unto his mother, but unto him, it shall be he that hath taken him away;
14: 37 And this is what I have done, and I am not afraid of them, and I am not afraid of them.
15: 37 Know thou not in the Name of God, because they have been raised up against them, and they have been oppressed.
16: 37 Thou shalt know the things of those who flatter themselves: they shall not go astray;
17: 37 When your hands are in your clothes, they are hot in the heat, and the earth is hot with water.
18:37 Thou shalt not cause him to hate him, to make him laugh;
19: 37 The Lord of the Worlds: [c] What is the word of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds?
20: 37 And he said unto them, Shall I say unto them, Behold, I will bear witness to them, and they shall not be destroyed;
21: 37 And they came to him; they were not afraid; they were afraid of the light of the fire, but the fire was not in the heat of the fire, and the fire was broken, and the fire was broken.
22: 37 And there was a cloud, a cloud, and there was a sea, and there was no cloud, and there was no god but God.
23: 37 And the people of Israel have not taken it; they have taken it away, and they have not taken it, and they have not given it to them.
24: 37 For the son of Israel came to him, and he saw him, the people of the land, and not the people of the land. All the wise men of the Levites.
‪xxxx  Chapter 38   (41 verses)‬
1: 38 And the anger of the LORD came upon me, and I loved it, and the storm came out, and the fire was broken.
2: 38 מ֤ה זזּ֨ה |החהְש֖ש֖יך עצצּ֥ה֥ה במממל֗י בן בּֽלִיי- דֽעַאתת:
3: 38 Then we shall be like the generations of your children, and your inheritance shall be yours, and let me know that I am.
4:38 Where is the LORD, that you have been in the foundation of the land of the mighty, but the mother of the children of Israel is in her midst?
5:38 Who is that which is in the hands of you, because I am afraid of you, and I am afraid of you?
6: 38 And the Lord, behold, the master of the earth hath become a great thing;
7:38 And the sons of Jonah were one of them, and they were lying in the midst of the grave, and they were troubled all the sons of the children;
8: 38 And your strength is in the seed of the seed, but it is in them that they have turned away from them. Mercy is their source.
9:38 In the midst of the greatness of the people, they sought their food, and the people of Israel went astray.
10: 38 And the people of the tribe went up against him, and the law of the people was gone, and the people of the land of Israel were destroyed, and the generations of them were destroyed.
11: 38 And Amadar went up to him, saying, "Come, come, come, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, come, come, come, come, go!"
12: 38 Thou art the Lord of the heavens. [1] The commandment of the people of the land.
13: 38 He took hold of the wings of the land, and the wicked rose up. [7] Sea from where we were.
14: 38 Thou shalt turn unto them the law of their law, and they shall not set fire to him, but as they are in the midst of their wickedness.
15: 38 And they were driven out of the wicked, [7] the sea of ​​them, and the land of the wilderness, and the land of the mountains.
16:38 Thou shalt bring them unto their necks, and they shall be in the midst of the grave, and they shall be filled with bread.
17: 38 Behold, they have turned away from thee, the gates of the mountains, and the gates of the mountains;
18:38 Thou hast built the great-greatness of the earth, the mighty, the mighty, the mother of the children of Israel;
19:38 And this is the way of the Lord, the dweller of the house of the LORD, and of the house of the LORD, that thy name shall be fulfilled.
20:38 When ye have taken him to his strength, he hath given him strength, and he hath not given his way;
21:38 Did you know that I was afraid of you, and the people of your family were greatly troubled?
22: 38 Thou shalt bring unto the people of the land, that it is snowing, and it shall be fortified, and it shall come forth, and it shall see it.
23: 38 When I felt that I was thirsty, I went to the house of Tzur, to the city of Kerem Maharash, and to the city of Malah.
24:38 And if this is the way of the LORD, it shall be a thorn;
25: 38 מֽהֽ- פלּלּ֣בּ֣ב לּה לשש֣תּ֣ט תּע תת תְּע֑ל֑ה֑ה֑ה וה וה וה וה וה וה וה וה וה לחחזז֥ז קז קֽלֽוֽהתה קה קה קה קה֑ה קה קה קה ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ל ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ח ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק ק
26: 38 For he that hath fallen upon the earth is not a man;
27: 38 And he returned to the house of the Lord, and he took away the land of Judah, and took away the land of the land.
28: 38 There is a man who has lost his rod; he has given up his bread, and he has given it to him.
29: 38 He who is the son of the son of the king, is the king of the land, and of the land of the sea, of the sea, of the sea.
30: 38 As for the children of the children, they shall love themselves; and they shall be turned away, and they shall turn away from them, and they shall be turned away.
31: 38 Thou shalt not make any treachery, but when thou hast come, thou shalt not give joy to the wicked;
32: 38 Thou shalt bring it forth: it is a fountain of glory, but in the time of his death, and upon his sons, thou shalt lay their hands upon them.
33: 38 Thou shalt know the statutes of the heavens, but ye shall not be satisfied: for he hath made his ruler in the land.
34: 38 Thou shalt not fear thy voice, nor thy voice, nor thy voice;
35: 38 And the people of the land were in the midst of the sea, and they came to him, and said, 'It is your duty to you, because they are our enemies.'
36: 38 Which of you have been blessed with wisdom, but I have not seen it yet, but I have not given it to you.
37: 38 And he said, "Yes, I am the son of Joseph, the son of Isaac, who is wise in the wise, and hath despised me."
38: 38 In the way of the flock, the flock of the oppressor, and the mighty, they shall be brought forth.
39: 38 Thou shalt give them to the heart, for it is nine thousand, and the life of the kofirites is full.
40:38 For in the midst of his wickedness he dwelt in the midst of his concubine, and went to the house of Merav.
41: 38 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not lift up the rod of the children of the children, but the children of the children of the children of Israel shall bear witness to them: and they shall not go astray.
‪xxxx  Chapter 39   (30 verses)‬
1: 39 Behold, I have made a covenant with the children of the people of Israel, and I will not go astray;
2: 39 Thou shalt not lift the wind, but thou shalt not murmur, and it shall be gone, that thou mayest be satisfied with it.
3:39 Thou shalt give her children to her, but thou shalt not give up her inheritance: for it is her bread;
4: 39 Yea, they are in their midst; they multiply in him, and in their hearts, they have come forth, and they have not turned away to them.
5: 39 And he said unto him, I am a fool of the people of the tribe of Hafesh;
6: 39 When he died, he gave up his house, and he returned to his house, and his house was destroyed, and his house was filled with water.
7: 39 He laughed at the man, saying, "Behold, I will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
8: 39 Behold, they are afraid of evil, and of fear, of all evil, and of wickedness;
9: 39 Behold, I am the father of the Lord. [1] I will serve you, but I will not be angry with your father.
10: 39 Thou shalt not be in the midst of the trespasses, but thou shalt worship him: but they shall go down to the land of the valley;
11: 39 You have promised him that you will be strong, and he will be bold, and will not come to you.
12: 39 Thou shalt be faithful unto him: for he shall sit, and thy neighbor shall return to thee, and thy neighbor shall be cursed.
13:39 Like a flock of snakes, they were lifted up, but they were defeated, but the people of Hebron were afraid of them, and they were afraid of them.
14: 39 When the boldness of the children of Israel is in the way of the children of Israel, and the people of afar go up against them.
15: 39 And thou shalt forget that I rejoice in the brightness of the earth, and the life of the land shall be with thee;
16: 39 And the sons of the sons of the children of Israel were brought to Lurik.
17: 39 When the LORD came to her, she was wise, and she was not with her, and she was not in her son's house.
18:39 And when the people of Tamar said, Thou shalt not give up, he shall bring forth the land of the land, and the land of the land shall be destroyed.
19: 39 Thou shalt give up the gallows, and the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorns, and the thorns;
20: 39 Thou shalt make him tremble, as thou hast given him bread;
21: 39 Yea, the son of the son of Amalek, and there was a woman in the house of the king, who was thirsty to see it.
22: 39 He will bring forth the sword of fear, and he will not be afraid, nor will he be afraid, but he will not be ashamed of me.
23: 39 Thou shalt reprove her: thou shalt not give up her love; thou shalt love her, and thou shalt not be afraid.
24: 39 And he hath made a grain, and a grain of wine, and a grain of wine, and a grain of wine.
25: 39 In the name of Shapir, the son of Abraham, the son of Jehoam, the son of Jehoah, the son of Jehoam, of Merah, of Merah, of Raham, of Nazareth, and of Tiru'a, of Judah.
26: 39 Behold, I will bring thee into the midst of thee, and thou shalt go forth, and thou shalt be broken, and his wings shall be like two wings;
27: 39 But if your hands go up, they shall turn away, and they will be good, and so will they be.
28: 39 So the people of Israel went down to the land of Samaria, and they rose up to the land of Sheshan-Sela, and were fortified with it.
29: 39 When they were afraid, they were afraid of them, and they smote them;
30: 39 * And his children, and his children, were afraid of them, and they went up in their midst;
‪xxxx  Chapter 40   (32 verses)‬
1:40 And Yahweh, the LORD, hath brought unto me, I am not afraid, and he hath believed.
2: 40 The LORD shall be with the devil; and he shall lift up the rod of the LORD, and the God of the LORD shall come to him.
3:40 And he said to him, "Do you not love the LORD, O God, and be faithful?"
4: 40 Behold, I am my servant; I will give thee strength, and I will give thee bread, and I will give thee bread.
5:40 My brother, I am the daughter of my daughter, and I have not seen her, but I am not satisfied with her, and I have not married her.
6:40 And Joan the son of Yהו֣֣֣ א א א-֭֭֭ * * * * * * * * * * * * * סערה * * * ס ס ס ס ס ס ס ס ס * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * ּ: * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
7: 40 And I will be glad to see you, and I will be glad to see you.
8: 40 Thou shalt not go astray, nor judge the wicked: but thou shalt be satisfied with me;
9:40 And if the man goeth astray, he will come to thee, and bring him back to him;
10: 40 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not be afraid. [1] Vagabah, and behold, Ood, and the LORD, shall not be filled with bread.
11: 40 And the thief shall speak to you, and I will see you, and I will see all the people of the land, and the captains of the LORD.
12:40 See all these things that are hateful to you, and the wicked judge against you;
13: 40 And they were in the furnace, and they were in the furnace, and they were not in the oven;
14: 40 And I also said to you, O O God, that I am not worthy of you.
15: 40 Behold, I am in the house of the dead, which I have made with the people of the land, and the light of the morning, as it is, the morning shall be consumed.
16: 40 Now we are powerless, and in his strength are his strength, and his faith is in him, and in his voice he is in the midst of his anger.
17: 40 And he gave him the edge of the pine tree, and it was like his own, and he was afraid of him, afraid of his fear, and of his fear.
18: 40 I will not be able to give you anything, but I will feel it, and I will be ashamed of it.
19: 40 And he said, "Behold, he is the chief of the house of the Lord, the LORD of the worlds."
20: 40 And when they were afraid, they took up their wives, and they took him, and the king, and the children of the tribe of Judah, were destroyed.
21: 40 Thou shalt give salvation unto the LORD, that he may dwell in the midst of the seed of his nest, and bring it to her.
22: 40 And they brought him up to him, saying, Come, I pray thee, I pray thee, and I will not go astray;
23: 40 And the son of Yasham, the son of Jacob, the son of Jacob, the son of Jehoion, the son of Phippah,
24: 40 In his eyes, he will take it, and he will take it, and he will return to it.
25: 40 Thou shalt go down to you, and give him strength in his wisdom, and he shall be in the midst of the furnace of his strength, for his strength is his strength.
26: 40 You shall not be angry with him, nor will he be in the midst of his life;
27: 40 Behold, your covenant shall be with me, and ye shall be glad, but if your lord is with thee, thou shalt be blessed.
28: 40 Behold, ye shall be with the people, and they shall be gathered together, and they shall not return to their land.
29: 40 Thou shalt bring forth thy joy, and it shall be a thorn, and it shall be straitened to your nostrils.
30: 40 The people of Israel will rise up against him, and they will be destroyed, and they will be destroyed, and they will be destroyed, and they will be destroyed.
31: 40 And he was filled with joy, and in the midst of his life, he was awake, and the tree was shining, and the fish were high;
32: 40 The heavens are above you, and your anger is upon you, and I will not be afraid of you.
‪xxxx  Chapter 41   (26 verses)‬
1: 41 Behold, they have been made strong: they have gone astray, but they have not seen it.
2: 41 Do not be afraid of them, because they are awake, and they are not, and they are not in front of us.
3: 41 And the Lord hath given me to me, and I have given them hope; ye have given all things to me.
4: 41 * Not for another man, but for his life, and for his children, and for his glory, and for his strength, and for his strength.
5: 41 מֽה-- גּ֭ל֭לָּה פ֣נ֣י לְ לבובבוש֑ו֑ה בּ֥כ֥ל רפ רר ר֝ס֗נ֗ו֗ה מ֣ב֣י יין יָבֽבאהו:
6: 41 Behold, the children of the people of Israel have come out of the house, and they have not been able to keep them alive.
7: 41 Glory be to God, I will give thee no more;
8: 41 And there is another in the house of David, that is, they are not, and they are not, and they are not, but they are not;
9: 41 A man in his brotherhood shall be blessed; and he shall be crucified, and he shall be crucified, and they shall not be scattered;
10: 41 Thou hast been ashamed of him, and he hath not seen him; and his eyes have been like the anger of his neighbor.
11: 41 His eyes are on the face of the children, but they are not in the hands of the LORD, because they are my enemies;
12: 41 He hath made his nostrils strong: he hath made them a furnace, and they have been made up of them, and they have been brought together.
13: 41 And his fear is great, but he hath not turned away, and he hath not gone out of his mouth;
14: 41 In the flesh of the children of Israel, there is no god;
15: 41 What is the matter of the flesh of his flesh, and of his strength, and of his strength, and of his strength;
16: 41 And the children of the children were cast forth as they were, and the children of the children of the tribe of Zechariah were there.
17: 41 And his anger was broken: they were cast down: for they were not, because they were wicked; they were not ashamed;
18: 41 He who makes up for him is a great man, a great man, a great man, a great man, a great man, and a great man.
19: 41 Yea, the son of Laban, the son of Bereziel, came to the house of Rechav, the son of Nahshon, of Judah.
20: 41 Behold, thou shalt not escape: for there is no son, but thou shalt give him bread, and he shall not be consumed; for he shall bring the sons of the flock.
Num 21: 41 As he was hardened, he gave him strength, and he gave him strength;
22: 41 Thou shalt give him his strength, and he shall not be afraid, and he shall be burned, and he shall be burned with fire.
23: 41 You shall have a cup of silver that is made of gold, and it shall be made to them, and they shall be sold as they are.
24: 41 But his eyes were bright, and they were brought to the west, and the threshing floor was restored.
25: 41 But the people of the people of the people of the land of Israel are not satisfied with it.
26: 41 And all the people of Gibeah shall see it, and behold, it shall come to pass over all the children of the tribe of Hashah.
‪xxxx  Chapter 42   (17 verses)‬
1: 42 And it came to pass, that I was not pleased with the LORD, and he was with me;
2: 42 * Did you know that my mind knew that you were in a state of trouble, and that you did not escape from you because of your time?
3: 42 מ֤י זז֨ זּ֨ה |ה מַה֥ה֥מ֥ע עה עצבצּה֗ה בהֽלֽה֫ה֫ה אֵבצּאַה֗ה֫ה אֵאֽהֽה:ה אֵאֽמ֗א לה אֵאֽמ֗א:ת לה לכי֭א֭ה֭ה אֵא֭מְתית לה וְל֣י֣א אה אבבּ֭א֑י נה אבם אֽבּֽא:ה אֵל֑י֑ה אבלֽי֑ה אֵם אֽלֽא:י אֽלֽא֑ה אֵם אֽלֽא֑י אֽם אדלֽא:י אֽלֽמ֗א:ה אֵאֽמ֗איי אֵמ֗איי אֵמ֗ניי ו֣ל֣א֣א אֽדֽע:י.
4: 42 So that the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, will be with you, and I will give them to your people, and I will know them.
5: 42 And when I heard the voice of your voice, I heard your voice, and it came to you, behold, our eyes are invisible to you.
6: 42 Therefore, I am not afraid, but I am afraid of my anger, and I am not afraid of it.
7: 42 and Ih֗i Ah֨r Db֧r Iho֛h At-hdbr֥im Ha֖lh Al-ai֑ob and I֨amr Iho֜h Al-alif֣z Htֽimn֗i Hr֨h Af֤i Bc֙ and Bsn֣i Ra֔ic C֠i L֣a Dbrt֥m Al֛i Ncon֖h Cabd֥i Aiֽob:
8: 42 and At֡h Khֽo-lc֣m Sbaֽh-frim֩ and Sba֨h Ail֜im and Lc֣o | Al-abd֣i Ai֗ob and Halit֤m Aolh֙ Bֽadc֔m and Ai֣ob Abd֔i Itfl֖l Alic֑m C֧i Am-fn֣io As֗a Lblt֞i As֤ot Amcm֙ Nbl֔h C֠i L֣a Dbrt֥m Al֛i Ncon֖h Cabd֥i Aiֽob:
9: 42 And they went to the house of Elijah, the son of Zechariah, the son of Zechariah, the son of Zechariah, of Zechariah, of Heshon, of Amaziah, of Zephar, of Hahnatham, of the tribe of Asher, of the tribe of Dibar, whereupon Elohim was, Jehoah, and Jehoah, the son of Jehoah, the son of Zephyr,
10: 42 And he said to him, "Come, I will return to the house." And the house of the tribe of the tribe of Israel, which is in the midst of the house of the tribe of Israel, is in the midst of the valley of the valley, and the city of Joseph, the LORD, is all the people of the land.
11: 42 Ib֣ao A֠lio Cl-ah֨io and Cl- * Ahitio ** Ahiot֜io and Cl-ida֣io Lfn֗im and Iacl֨o Am֣o Lhm֮ Bbito֒ and In֤do Lo֙ and Inhm֣o At֔o A֚l Cl-h֣ra֔h Asr-hb֥ia Iho֖h Al֑io and Itno-l֗o A֚is Ksit֣h Ah֔t and A֕is N֥zm Zh֖b Ahֽd: S.
12: 42 And he saw him, saying, "Behold, I will bring you another man, and I will bring him forth from the first of his wives, and I will be with him." Narrated by Arba'a: "As for the people of the tribe of Israel, I do not have a son." And he said to him, "Do you not go to the house?"
13: 42 And it was there that the children of Israel were satisfied, because they were children, and they were not ashamed;
14: 42 And he called the name of the name of the tribe, and he gave it to them, and he gave it to them, and the six of them went down, and the sixth of them came to them, and the third of them was three hundred, and the third was the captain of the tribe.
15: 42 And they shall not be saved; they shall not be ashamed; they shall be like the daughters of the children; they shall not be loved in all the land; and they shall be given to them, because they are their fathers; but they are not the children of the daughter of their wives.
And he saw his sons, and his sons, and his sons, they were four hundred, and four hundred, and four hundred, and four hundred, and four hundred.
17: 42 And it came to pass, when the people of Israel came to them, and they returned to them, and they returned to their land.
‪xxxx    End of Job (42 chapters, 1070 verses).
