‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.45. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Joel (4 chapters, 73 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (20 verses)‬
1: 1 The word of the LORD came to Abraham, saying, "Behold, I will go to Elijah, son of Ptouta."
2: 1 Hear this, that is, the old people, and this is what we have done: for as long as the LORD hath sat down, it is the earth, and this is the time of the people, and they are in the midst of them, and their fathers are not in them.
3: 1 For they are to your children, because they have been fruitful, and your sons are in them, and their sons, and their sons, are not the children of the children of Ahar.
4: 1 And the rain of the rainbow hath been consumed, and it is the grain of the grain, and it is the grain of the grain, and it is the bread of the grain, and it is the bread of the grain, and the wine is the seed of the seed.
5: 1 Make the wages of the drunkards, and in him, and in all his ways, all the things that are upon them, on the hands of the goats: for they are not sold;
6: 1 When the people of Gilead went up, they went up to the land of Israel, the people of Zion, and they were not numbered, but the two of them died, and the two of them died, and I saw them, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they returned to their land.
7: 1 They have made me hungry, but they have not gone to heaven; and they have given me strength, and I have not been able to lift them up, because I have feared you, and your heart has turned away.
8: 1 O God, I pray thee, O daughter of the king, that I may be glad to see thee, that thou shalt give up her children;
9: 1 Behold, you have given us a sigh, and we have taken away from you the house of Yahweh, but they have not come, but they are not.
10: 1 Shoud is the captain of the tribe of Israel, the father of the tribe of Adon, the king of Judah, the priest of the tribe of David, the captain of the tribe, the captain of the tribe of Tiran, of the tribe of Amoz, of the tribe of Yitzhar.
11: 1 Behold, ye shall be ashamed; yea, they shall be humbled; yea, they shall be like the children of the tribe of Hittah, and upon the gate of the land of Israel, wherefore shall I be a father, even a little bird of gold?
12: 1 Behold, the Lord is the Lord, the Lord is the one who is married, and the people have come to him, and they are full of compassion, and all the people have turned away from the land, so that they may return.
13: 1 Behold, I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will not let you go.
14: 1 Behold, the holy man shall be called to him, but he shall not give his strength to him, but he shall not give him any more, but as he is sitting, he shall sit down again: the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is your God, and the LORD is with you.
15: 1 Behold, I fear thee, that I may die; for I have come close to them; and the LORD hath revived them, and the wicked shall be ashamed of the wicked.
16: 1 Behold, we have gone out of the way of the eyes of the eyes of the children, but we have not forgotten them, because we have not spoken to God, nor have we ever been pleased.
17: 1 And he hath made a vengeance, and he hath taken away the grain of the grain; for they have been destroyed; they have been destroyed; they have been destroyed;
18: 1 מהה-נּּאננחח֣֣ה בֵּמ֗֗ה נבב֙ו֙כ֙ו עדדרר֣֣י בקק֔ר כר֛י אא֥ן מִמְרעע֖ה ל֑ה֑םם גּּם-דדרר֥֥ הַ הַֹ֖֖הן נאאֽשֽֽמומוּ::
19: 1 I am not your God, O LORD, but I am the Lord of the Universe, for I have no fear, but I have no mercy, and I have no mercy, and I have no fear of the Lord, and I am the Lord, the Lord of the worlds.
20: 1 And I will not be ashamed of thee;
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (27 verses)‬
1: 2 Thou shalt bring forth the shofar of the children of Zippo, and the mountains thereof, and the mountains thereof, in the midst of the holy land, and the people of the land, and the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land.
2: 2 I֧om H֣sc and Afl֗h I֤om Ann֙ and Arf֔l Cs֖hr Fr֣s Al-hֽhr֑im A֚m R֣b and Atz֔om Cm֗ho L֤a Nֽhih֙ Mn-h֣aol֔m and Aֽhrio֙ L֣a Ios֔f Ad-sn֖i D֥or and Dֽor:
3: 2 Before him came he that was with him, and his wife, and his wife, and his wife, and his wife, and his wife, and his wife, and his children, and his children, and the children of his father.
4: 2 As they saw it, they saw it, and saw it, and saw it;
5: 2 And as the captain of the chariot, the captain of the head of the flock, he was the LORD of the mountains, and he gave birth to the flock, and as a crow, he went to the house of the king, and he was consumed by the food, and the food was consumed, and the fruit of the tree was burned.
6: 2 The face of the people is the same: all the people are with him, all of them are gathered together;
7: 2 As the mighty men of the land, they were like a flock of men, because of the breadth of the bread, the bread of the bread, the bread of the bread, and the bread of the bread, and the bread of the bread, and of the bread of the bread.
8: 2 And his brother, his brother, was not a man; he was ashamed of him; and he was buried in the land of Galilee, and he was in the midst of the land, and the people of the land were there, and they came to him, and they came to him;
9: 2 In the midst of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel and the people of Israel.
10: 2 Before him there was a rainbow, and there was no evil; but there was no rain, and there was no rain, and there was no rain; and there was no rain, and there was no rain, and there was no rain.
11: 2 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go, but the voice of the LORD shall be upon him: for he is a soldier; for he is a great man; he is a mighty man; he is a great man; he is a mighty man; he is a mighty man;
12: 2 And even the people of Na'am-yהוo֔֔֔ ש ש֥֥֥֥֥֥֖֖֖ ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב [[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[כ֥֥֖֖ [[כ֖֖֖ [[[[[[[
13: 2 And they shall not be afraid for you, nor for yourselves, nor for your children, but for the LORD, for they have been blessed, for they are not, and they are the sons of the sons of Israel, and they have been given up, and they have been put to death, and they have given up their anger. And they have multiplied their strength, and laid them against the evil.
14: 2 מ֥י יוי יו֖ד֖ע֖א יש֣ב֣ב וב ו ונ֑ח֑םם וששאא֤ר אא אר אֽח֙ר֙יו בְּר֔כ֔ה֔ה מננחח֣ה וה וננ֔סךך ליהוה֖ה֖ה אלליכיכֽםם. פ.
15: 2 Behold, thou shalt be shrewd, and shalt thou shalt be ashamed: for they shall be sanctified;
16: 2 And they shall be gathered together; they shall be holy; and they shall be gathered; they shall be gathered together; they shall be gathered together; they shall be gathered together, and they shall be gathered together.
17: 2 B֤in Haolm֙ and Lmzb֔h Ibco֙ Hc֣hn֔im Msrt֖i Iho֑h and ֽiamr֞o H֧osh LORD Al-am֗c and Al-tt֨n Nhltc֤ Lhrfh֙ Lmsl-b֣m Goi֔m L֚mh Iamr֣o Bֽam֔im Ai֖h Alhihֽm:
18: 2 And the LORD brought him up to his land, and he took pity on his people.
19: 2 and I֨an Iho֜h and I֣amr Lam֗o Hnn֨i Sl֤h Lcm֙ At-hdgn֙ and Htir֣os and Hitzh֔r and Sbat֖m At֑o and La-at֨n Atc֥m A֛od Hrf֖h Bgoiֽm:
20: 2 and ֽat-htzfon֞i Arh֣ik Malic֗m and Hdhtio֮ Al-a֣rtz Tzi֣h and Smmh֒ At-fn֗io Al-him֙ Hkdmn֔i and Sf֖o Al-hi֣m Haֽhr֑on and Al֣h Bas֗o and T֙al֙ Tzhnt֔o C֥i Hgd֖il Lasֽot:
21: 2 Do not be afraid of me, O God, O God, have mercy on me, and make my life livable: for the glory of the LORD is upon the LORD;
22: 2 Do not be afraid of me, because I am afraid of the land of Israel, because they are evil, because they are not worthy of the law, but they are the people of the land, and the people of the land are not the people of the land, but they are the people of the land, and they are the sons of the flock.
23: 2 And the children of Ziyon, the sons of Gilead, rejoice, and rejoice in him, because God is with them, because they are not, because they have not given up the morrow, that they may be righteous: and they have turned their backs on them, because their name is bitter, and they are full of fear in the head,
24: 2 And he came to him, saying, "Behold, thou shalt be glad, and thou shalt not be ashamed."
25: 2 And I will return to you, and I will bring you the women who are with you;
26: 2 And you shall eat them, and they shall return to them, and they shall return to their own devices, the LORD is the God of them, and they shall be with them, and they shall not be with you, nor shall they be with them.
27: 2 And you shall know that they are in the midst of the Israelites, because I am with you, and I am with you, the LORD is the God of them, and they are not with them, and they are not with you, they are with the people.
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (5 verses)‬
1: 3 and Hi֣h Aֽhri-c֗n Asf֤oc At-rohi֙ Al-cl-bs֔r and Nba֖o Bnic֣m and Bnֽotic֑m Zknicm֙ Hlm֣ot Ihlm֔on Bh֣oric֔m Hzin֖ot Iraֽo:
2: 3 And they shall go up against the children, and go up against the captivity, and they shall die in the midst of the sea, and they shall be destroyed: why shall I not give up the wind?
3: 3 And they gave themselves to the people, and they came to them in the wilderness, and they came to the land of Edom, and they came to them, and they were destroyed.
4: 3 And the three of them were three thousand, and they returned to you, and the children of Israel, and the children of Judah, to the children of Israel;
5: 3 and Hi֗h C֧l Asr-ikr֛a Bs֥m Iho֖h Iml֑t C֠i Bhr-tzi֨on and Birosl֜m Tֽhi֣h Flit֗h Cֽasr֙ Am֣r Iho֔h and B֨srid֔im As֥r Iho֖h Krֽa:
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (21 verses)‬
1: 4 For when she was with her in the mouth, she cried, and she cried out, and she said, I will not return. I will return again ... As for the people of Israel, I will return to the house of Yahweh, and I will return to Jerusalem.
2: 4 And Kbtzti֙ At-cl-hgoi֔m and H֣ordt֔im Al-a֖mk Ihֽosf֑t and Nsftt֨i Am֜m S֗m Al-am֨i and Nhlt֤i Isral֙ As֣r Fzr֣o Bgoi֔m and At-artz֖i Hlֽko:
3: 4 And unto his people, behold, he hath been turned down, and he hath been circumcised, and he hath borne the seed of the flock, and the child of the land, he hath sold his inheritance, and he hath given it to him.
4: 4 and ֠gm Mh-at֥m Li֙ Tz֣r and Tzid֔on and C֖l Glil֣ot Fl֑st Hgm֗ol Atm֙ Mslm֣im Al֔i and Am-gml֤im Atm֙ Al֔i K֣l Mhr֔h As֥ib Gmlc֖m Brascֽm:
5: 4 Wherewith thou shalt thou take gold and gold, and thou shalt take them, and they shall not be merciful to me: they shall not be brought unto them;
6: 4 And the sons of Jehoiada were sons, and they were children of Israel, but they were not sold to them, but they were the sons of the children, because they were not far from the far east, even though they were great.
7: 4 Behold, I will raise them up from them: for I will give them bread, and I will give them bread, and I will give them bread, and I will return to them.
8: 4 And they sold their sons, their sons, and their sons, and brought them together in the hands of the children of Judah, and Yahweh, the sons of Judah, and the children of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land.
9: 4 Behold, they shall not be ashamed, but they shall be sanctified, and they shall be exalted, and they shall be exalted, and they shall be mighty;
10: 4 Howbeit ye ​​are with them, and they are not afraid of them, and they shall not be thirsty, but they shall not be thirsty; they shall not be afraid;
11: 4 Behold, they will not be ashamed, but as for the people of Galilee, they will be gathered together, and they will be crucified.
12: 4 The people of Israel, the people of Israel, went up to the land of Israel, and the people of Israel came to them, so that they would not be able to destroy all the vessels of their captivity.
13: 4 And he sent him away, saying, "Behold, I am in the midst of a rainbow, and a rainbow, a rainbow, a rainbow, a rainbow, a rainbow, a rainbow, a rainbow, a rainbow, a rainbow, a rainbow, a rainbow, a rainbow, a rainbow, a rainbow, a rainbow, and a rainbow."
14: 4 Humming the people, they will die in the depths of the sea, and they will be burned, because they will not come near. Then the LORD will die, and in the midst of the strangeness of the earth.
15: 4 And they were five, and they were afraid; they were burning, and they were lying, and they were not driven away.
16: 4 And he, behold, he was the one who made me angry; and he was ashamed; and they were rebellious against them; and they came to him, saying, "Come, I will go to you, and I will go to you."
17: 4 And I know that I am not worthy of them, but I am with them: for I am the LORD, and I am with them, and I am with them, so that I may go down to the land of Israel, and they shall be destroyed.
18: 4 and Hih֩ Bi֨om Hh֜oa Itf֧o Hhr֣im As֗is and Hgbaot֙ Tl֣cnh Hl֔b and Cl-afik֥i Ihod֖h I֣lco M֑im and Mai֗n Mb֤it Ihoh֙ Itz֔a and Hsk֖h At-n֥hl Hstֽim:
19: 4 The people of Israel, the people of the land, were desolate, the people of the land, the people of the land, and the people of Mesopotamia, the city of Merom, and the inhabitants of the Tabernacle, and the people of Judah, the inhabitants of the land, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, and the land of Israel.
20: 4 And Jehovah, behold, unto the children, they shall be destroyed, and they shall be destroyed;
21: 4 And I will be ashamed of you, but they will not be cleansed, and I will be ashamed of them, but I will not be ashamed of them.
‪xxxx    End of Joel (4 chapters, 73 verses).
