‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.45. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Jonah (4 chapters, 48 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (16 verses)‬
1: 1 And I am the son of David, the son of Abraham, the son of Amethai;
2: 1 The Lord of the Worlds came to you, and the Lord of the greatness came to him, and he rose up to the ground, so that the people of Israel came up to him, because they were evil, but they were not in front of me.
3: 1 and I֤km Ionh֙ Lbr֣h Trs֔ish Mlfn֖i Iho֑h and I֨rd If֜o and Imtz֥a Ani֣h | [U] Ba֣h Trs֗is and It֨n Scr֜h and I֤rd Bh֙ Lb֤oa Amhm֙ Trs֔ish Mlfn֖i Ihoֽh:
4: 1 And he, behold, he was the son of Hatham, the captain of the house of Gedolah, who was with them for a hundred years, and they were there.
5: 1 and Iֽira֣o Hmlh֗im and ֽizako֮ A֣is Al-alhio֒ and It֨lo At-hcl֜im As֤r Bֽanih֙ Al-hi֔m Lhk֖l Mֽalih֑m and Ion֗h Ird֙ Al-irct֣i Hsfin֔h and Isc֖b and Irdֽm:
6: 1 And he came to him, and he returned to him, and said unto him, Behold, thou shalt go, and say unto him, Thou shalt not return unto thee, that thou shalt not go down: but the voice of the LORD shall come unto thee: O God thy God, O God, O God, shall I not come to the house of God?
7: 1 And he said unto him, Behold, there is no man, even unto him, that hath given him strength, and he hath given him strength; and he hath given it to him; and he hath taken it away; and he hath taken it away;
8: 1 And he said unto him, Come unto him, let us not be afraid: for we are not in the midst of wickedness: for this is the evil, that is, what is it that thou hast done unto thee, and what is it that thou hast done unto thee, that thou mayest be satisfied with thy land, and, behold, it is not with thee;
9: 1 And I said unto them, I am going to pass over, but I am with you, and the LORD, O God, is the God of the heavens, and the people of Israel are the people of Israel, and the people of Israel are the ones who have committed the plague.
10: 1 And he was afraid of him; he was a great man; he said to him, "Behold, great man!" And he said to him, "Do not be afraid! Why are you not doing this? Why are you not?" "The people are afraid!"
11: 1 And his father said unto him, What is it that we have done to thee, and thou hast brought down the heat of the earth, and they have not given up to us? For they are not, and they are not.
12: 1 And I will say unto them, Behold, I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will bring them to me, and I will give them to the LORD, and they will be destroyed. And I will give them to thee, and I will give them unto thee, and I will give them unto thee.
13: 1 And the men were ashamed, and they were not ready to return to the captives, and they were not with them, because they were gone, and they were gone, and they went up to go up to them.
14: 1 and Ikra֨o Al-iho֜h and Iamr֗o An֤h Ihoh֙ Al-n֣a Nabd֗h Bn֙fs֙ Ha֣is Hz֔h and Al-tt֥n Al֖ino D֣m Nk֑ia Cֽi-at֣h Iho֔h Cas֥r Hf֖tzt Asֽit:
15: 1 And they bore him, and they took him away, and brought him to the house of the LORD, and they were with him, because they were not in his hands.
16: 1 And he was afraid of the people, and he was afraid of him: for he was great: he brought the LORD out of his house, and he sacrificed him, and sacrificed him, and gave him bread, and he gave him bread, and he gave it to him;
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (11 verses)‬
1: 2 And behold, Yahweh, the son of David, the captain of the tribe of Judah, did not swallow up Jonah, and he was there; Jonah died in the midst of the three days of mourning, and the people of Israel were destroyed.
2: 2 And the people of the LORD answered unto him, O LORD, the LORD is with him;
3: 2 And he said, I am the captain of the tribe of Nazareth, the LORD of hosts; for I am not worthy of the LORD, nor of me, but of me, and of me, of the children of the tribe of Israel, that I may be afraid of you, that I may cause you trouble.
4: 2 And I begged you, I beseech thee, in the hearts of the children, and they shall be turned away, and I will turn away from you, and all your captivity shall come upon you, and I will turn you away.
5: 2 And I said, O my mother, I am angry with you, because I have given you the shield of your eyes: but it is not your strength to turn away from you, for your holy things are holy to you.
6: 2 I will give my strength to the Lord, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will return to you.
7: 2 I will cut down the mountains, and I will be afraid of you, and I will run away from them in the smell of them, and I will go back to them, and I will go up to them, and I will go out of the depths of the living life of Jehovah, O God, to God.
8: 2 Behold, thou shalt surely go up against me, that thou mayest see the LORD: thou shalt remember me, and thou shalt surely return unto me: thy God, thou shalt not repent unto me: for thou shalt not sanctify thy sabbath.
9: 2 They saved the people of the land, and they were afraid, because they were afraid.
10: 2 And I, behold, in the midst of the iniquity, thou shalt bring forth adultery: for I am as a woman, but I am not worthy of my sight, but I have taken away the lust, and I will bring salvation to the LORD.
11: 2 And the word of the LORD came unto David, and he brought up the land of Jonah, the land of the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (10 verses)‬
1: 3 And he said, Speak unto me, O LORD, to me, I am not worthy;
2: 3 The Lord shall be with you, the Son of the Son, the Son of the Lord, the Great, the Great, the Most High, and the Most High, the Greatest, the Greatest, the Most High, the Greatest, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High.
3: 3 And he rose up to the ground, and he went to the place of the people of the land. [U] When the LORD said to him, "Behold, the city of greatness shall be a city of greatness." The LORD said to him, "What is the meaning of the LORD's name?"
4: 3 And the first day of Jonah came to him, and he returned to the land of Israel, and he returned from the land of the land, and he returned to the land of Judah, and he returned to the land of Israel, and he returned to the land of Israel, and the land of Israel was destroyed.
5: 3 And our men, and our men, were not married; they were not in the house; but they cried unto him, and they cried unto him, and they clothed for him.
6: 3 And Haggada spoke unto him, saying unto him: 'Behold, thou shalt not go in unto me.' [6] And behold, I am the one who is in the midst of the anger;
7: 3 and Iza֗k and I֙amr֙ Bnֽino֔h Mt֧am Hm֛lc and Gdl֖io Lam֑r Had֨m and Hbhm֜h Hbk֣r and Htz֗an Aֽl-itamo֙ Ma֔omh A֨l-ira֔o and M֖im Al-istֽo:
8: 3 And they shall be gathered together, that is, the men, and they shall be called unto God, and they shall not be in his strength, and they shall be ashamed of him;
9: 3 מֽי-י- י֣ד֣ע יע יש֔ש֔ם וְנ֖ח֖ם֖ם הל֑ם הָל֑הו֑ם ושש֛ב מב מם מֵח֥ר֥ן אפפ֖ו֖ו וְל֥א֥א נאבבּֽדּֽד:ם.
10: 3 And the LORD saw that God had given them the name of the people of Israel, because the people of Mordekhai were evil because of them, and God had given them strength, because they were not against the evil, but as the LORD had done unto them, and they did not do it, he did it.
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (11 verses)‬
1: 4 And he was angry with the LORD, and he was evil, and he was great;
2: 4 And Itfl֨l Al-iho֜h and Iam֗r An֤h Ihoh֙ Hloa-z֣h Dbr֗i Ad-hioti֙ Al-admt֔i Al-c֥n Kd֖mti Lbr֣h Trs֑ish C֣i Id֗ati C֤i Ath֙ Aֽl-hn֣on and Rh֔om A֤rc Af֙im֙ and Rb-h֔sd and Nh֖m Al-hraֽh:
3: 4 And the LORD, the LORD, took it, and took it away, and took it away from me, so that I might die, and I would not die, and I would die.
4: 4 And the word of the LORD said unto him, Let the heat be upon thee,
5: 4 And Yona saw a hundred and fifty people, and he returned from Makkadam to Tire, and he did it to them, because they were there. So he returned to them, and he returned to his house, and he returned to him, and he returned to the land of Israel, and he returned to the land of Israel, and he saw it, and he saw it, saying, "Where are you?"
6: 4 And behold, the LORD, O God, is the God of the LORD, the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the worlds, and of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God.
7: 4 And what is the name of the LORD God, that is, the voice of the Lord, that is, the light of the light of the morning, the morning of the morning of the morning, when thou hast brought the kykites, and the mountains, and the mountains,
8: 4 and Ih֣i | Czr֣h Hs֗ms and Im֨n Alh֜im R֤oh Kdim֙ Hris֔it and T֥c Hs֛ms Al-r֥as Ion֖h and Ital֑f and Isa֤l At-nfso֙ Lm֔ot and I֕amr T֥ob Mot֖i Mhiֽi:
9: 4 And the LORD said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not bring forth the heat of thy heart: for thy sake shall be upon the kyakite, and he that is, and he shall be said, and he shall not be humbled.
10: 4 And the word of the LORD said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not give up the children of the Kohathites, but as a man, he shall not be filled with him, neither shall he be magnified, nor shall his son be returned to him; neither shall he be a son, nor a son to him.
11: 4 and ֽani֙ L֣a Ah֔os Al-nino֖h Ha֣ir Hgdol֑h As֣r Is-b֡h Hrbh֩ Mֽstim-asr֨h Rb֜o Ad֗m As֤r Lֽa-ida֙ Bin-imin֣o Lsmal֔o and Bhm֖h Rbֽh:
‪xxxx    End of Jonah (4 chapters, 48 verses).
