‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.45. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Joshua (24 chapters, 658 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (18 verses)‬
1: 1 And it came to pass, that after the death of Moses was fulfilled, the LORD had turned away from him, and the LORD said unto him, Behold, I am the son of Nunu, the son of Moses, the son of Amor.
2: 1 Moses, the servant of the servants, was the servant of the LORD, and the people of the land of Israel.
3: 1 All things shall be done to you, as they are as they are, and they shall be as they were, and they shall be given to you, as they have been given to me, as the fire of my Lord shall be given to me.
4: 1 From Mehambar the son and the son of the son of Zezariah, and the people of the Gador, the captain of the tribe of Nahar, the captain of the tribe, the king of Israel, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
5: 1 Behold, I will not let you go, but the man will be with you, and your face will be filled with water. May your life be with me, because I am with you, and I will live with you, and I will live with you. I will live with you, and I will not be with you, neither will I be your father.
6: 1 And I will come unto you, and I will come to thee, that thou mayest be satisfied with me: thou shalt bring the women of the land, that which I have given unto the fathers, that I will return to my fathers' fathers;
7: 1 Rk֩ Hz֨k and ֽam֜tz Ma֗d Lsm֤r Lasot֙ Ccl-htor֗h As֤r Tzoc֙ Ms֣h Abd֔i Al-ts֥or Mm֖no Im֣in and Sm֑aol Lm֣an Tsc֔il Bc֖l As֥r Tlֽc:
8: 1 Lֽa-im֡os Sfr֩ Htor֨h Hz֜h Mf֗ic and Hg֤it Bo֙ Iom֣m and L֔ilh Lm֙an֙ Tsm֣r Las֔ot Ccl-hct֖ob B֑o Ci-a֛z Ttzl֥ih At-drc֖c and A֥z Tscֽil:
9: 1 Behold, I will give you the commandment of your Lord, and I will return to you, and I will come to you, and I will not be angry with you, neither shall I be angry with you, because I am with you, O Jehovah, O God, your God is in you, and I will not be with thee.
10: 1 And Jehoashu brought him to Shazar, saying, "Behold, I will go to sleep."
11: 1 Abr֣o | Bk֣rb Hֽmhn֗h and Tzo֤o At-ham֙ Lam֔r Hc֥ino Lc֖m Tzid֑h C֞i Ba֣od | Sl֣st Im֗im Atm֙ Aֽbrim֙ At-hird֣n Hz֔h Lboa֙ Lr֣st At-ha֔rtz Asr֙ LORD Alֽhic֔m Nt֥n Lc֖m Lrstֽh: S.
12: 1 And my father, O son of Israel, went up against me, and went to the house of the tribe of Israel, and the people of the tribe of Amaziah were there, and Jehoשֻ֖֖֖ ל ל remained silent.
13: 1 Remember, I have taken the commandment of the Lord, that is, the commandment of the commandment, which is the commandment of the LORD, and the commandment of the LORD, the Lord of the earth, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the God of Israel.
14: 1 Nsic֣m Tfcm֮ and Mknicm֒ Isb֕o Ba֕rtz As֨r Nt֥n Lc֛m Ms֖h Ba֣br Hird֑n and Atm֩ Tabr֨o Hms֜im Lfn֣i Ahic֗m C֚l Gbor֣i Hh֔il and Azrt֖m Aotֽm:
15: 1 A֠d Asr-in֨ih Iho֥h | Lֽahicm֮ Ccm֒ and Irs֣o Gm-h֔mh At-ha֕rtz Asr-iho֥h Alֽhic֖m Nt֣n Lh֑m and Sbt֞m La֤rtz Irstcm֙ and ֽirst֣m Aot֔h As֣r | Nt֣n Lc֗m Msh֙ A֣bd Iho֔h Ba֥br Hird֖n Mzr֥h Hsֽms:
16: 1 And the people of Israel went up against the LORD, saying unto him, This is the voice which thou hast commanded, that is, that which is done, and it shall be done unto all men, that thou shalt be sent away.
17: 1 When the people of Israel, who were with you, went up to Moses, they said to them, "Behold, I will come to you, O LORD!" He said, "Behold, the LORD is your God, your God, your nation, your nation, as a wife, and you shall be with the people of Israel."
18: 1 Whosoever shall be the man that hath taken away thy mouth, neither shall he bring forth thy word unto thee, which thou shalt not give, that thou shalt give him strength.
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (24 verses)‬
1: 2 and Isl֣h Ihos֣a-bn-n֠on Mֽn-hst֞im Snֽim-ans֤im Mrglim֙ H֣rs Lam֔r Lc֛o Ra֥o At-ha֖rtz and At-irih֑o and I֨lc֜o and ֠ibao Bit-as֥h Zon֛h and Sm֥h Rh֖b and Iscbo-sֽmh:
2: 2 ויא֣ם אממ֔מ֔ר לְר לממ֥ל֥ךך ירר֖ו֖ה לאממ֑מ֑ר הר ה֣נ֣ר אה א֠נששיםי בם ב֣א֣א֣הו ה֧נ֧נ הַה ה֛ל֛ל מִל מִה מבבננ֥נ֥ה יִשאר֖א֖ל לה לחחֹפּר את האאֽרץץ:ה.
3: 2 And he sent out his inheritance, and his inheritance went up to the wind, and the people of Israel came to him, saying, "Behold, I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you all."
4: 2 And it was the people of the people, the people of Shesh, the people, and the people, and the people of the tribe, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
5: 2 And it was, and it was not, that the people were ashamed, that they might be ashamed of the people, and that the men were afraid; they were not afraid; they were afraid of me, but they were not, but they were not; they were rebellious.
6: 2 And behold, she lifted up the rain of the rain, and the rain came down to the ground, and in the mouth of the forest, the flock of the flock came up to them, and brought it to the gate of Haggag.
7: 2 And the men went down, and went down, and they were not with them, but they were in the hands of the children of the Jordan, so that the people of Mabar were afraid of them, and the men of the people were afraid. Then they came again after them, as if the people had gone out, they were not persecuted.
8: 2 And he said unto them, Thou shalt not dwell; and behold, thou shalt go up, and go up against them, even upon the threshing-floor.
9: 2 And they said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be afraid; for I am afraid of thee, for I am not worthy of thee, O LORD, for thou hast dealt with the earth, and so are the men of the men of the world: for they have not taken us away, and so are they that have gone astray, all that dwelleth upon me.
10: 2 C֣i Sm֗ano A֠t Asr-hob֨is Iho֜h At-m֤i Im-sof֙ Mfnic֔m Btzatc֖m Mmtzr֑im and As֣r Asit֡m Lsni֩ Mlc֨i Hamr֜i As֨r Ba֤br Hirdn֙ Lsih֣n and La֔og As֥r Hhrmt֖m Aotֽm:
11: 2 And he heard the voice of the children, saying, "We will not be with you, and we will not be afraid of your children, because they will be ashamed of you." The LORD said, "God is the God of them." The LORD said to them, "Do not be angry with them."
12: 2 And when the people of the tribe came to me, I gave them to me, because they were with me, because I had done them, and I had made them with them, and they had done them, and they had done them, even when they were with them, because they were with me, and they had given them money, and they had given them money.
13: 2 And the life of Abi my father, and my mother, and my brethren, and my sister, my brethren, and all their wives, and they took their wives away from their families.
14: 2 and I֧amro L֣h Hans֗im Nfs֤no Thticm֙ Lm֔ot A֚m L֣a Tg֔ido At-dbr֖no Z֑h and Hi֗h Btt-iho֥h L֙no֙ At-ha֔rtz and As֥ino Am֖c H֥sd and Amֽt:
15: 2 And they went up in their midst, in the midst of the thorns, because they were in the house, and they were in the furnace of the sea, and they were in the heat of the sea.
16: 2 And they said unto them, Behold, it is the LORD, that they may be oppressed, and they shall be angry: for they are persecuted, and they have been destroyed, because they have been destroyed, that they have been destroyed, and that they have been destroyed, and that they have been turned away, and they have turned away from them, and they have turned their backs on them.
17: 2 And he said unto him, Behold, they are the men, and they are nigh, because they are not with us, because of the captivity of thee, that is, that which is the seed of the seed of the sevenfold.
18: 2 Hn֛h An֥hno Ba֖im Ba֑rtz At-tko֡t Hot֩ Hsn֨i Hz֜h Tksr֗i Bֽhlon֙ As֣r Hordt֣no B֔o and At-ab֨ic and At-am֜c and At-ah֗ic and At֙ Cl-b֣it Ab֔ic Tasf֥i Al֖ic Hbֽith:
19: 2 and Hi֡h C֣l Asr-itza֩ Mdlt֨i Bit֧c | Hh֛otzh Dm֥o Bras֖o and An֣hno Nki֑m and ֠cl As֨r Iֽhi֤h Atc֙ Bb֔it Dm֣o Bras֔no Am-i֖d Tֽhih-bֽo:
20: 2 And if thou hast done unto me, speak with us, and give it to us, and we will give it to them, and they shall be cleansed of them, because they shall be satisfied with you.
21: 2 And they said unto them, Thou shalt not be blessed, but they shall not be ashamed; and they shall be turned away, and they shall be oppressed: and thou shalt multiply the commandment of the threshing-floor of the sabbaths in the beginning of the wilderness.
22: 2 And they went in, and they came, and behold, they were awake, and they were there, that was there, that there were three men, that they were troubled, that they persecuted him, and sought him, that they persecuted him in all manner of things, and that they were not satisfied.
23: 2 And they shall return to him, and they shall return to him, and they shall go down, and they shall go down, and they shall go down, and they shall come to the house of the LORD, and they shall be with him, and they shall not go down to him, nor shall they be any more.
24: 2 And they said unto him, 'Behold, I am not with thee, for ye are not in the hands of the LORD, but by us all the land, and even by the anger of all things, the LORD is the LORD,
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (17 verses)‬
1: 3 And Yosho'֩h, the son of Ba֜֜֜k֩r, went up and drove away from the tribe of Hash֗t, and they came to them, and they went up to the land of the Jordan, and they and all the children of Israel were destroyed, and their tents were gone, because they had been destroyed.
2: 3 And there was a small number of the women of the tribe of Solomon, and the people of the tribe of Israel were in the midst of the battle of the camp.
3: 3 and Itzoo֮ At-ha֣m Lamr֒ Craֽotc֗m A֣t Ar֤on Brit-ihoh֙ Al֣hic֔m and Hcֽhnim֙ Hloi֔m Nsa֖im At֑o and At֗m Tsao֙ Mmk֣omc֔m and Hlct֖m Ahrֽio:
4: 3 A֣c | Rh֣ok Ihi֗h Bֽinicm֙ * and ** and Bin֔io him Calf֥im Am֖h Bmd֑h Aֽl-tkrb֣o Al֗io Lm֤an Asr-tֽdao֙ At-hd֙rc֙ As֣r Tֽlco-b֔h C֣i L֧a Abrt֛m Bd֖rc Mtm֥ol Slsֽom: S.
5: 3 And the word of the Lord Joshua said unto them, Be diligent, that ye may be ashamed: for he hath done evil: he hath done unto thee, the LORD thy God, in thy heart, they shall not perish.
6: 3 And the word of the LORD was spoken to him, saying unto them, Come, I pray thee, I pray thee, I pray thee, that I may go down to the land of the land, and go forth, and turn away from me, and bring up the land of the LORD, and I will bring it to you.
7: 3 And the word of the LORD said unto him, Behold, I am the LORD, and this is the LORD, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength in all your eyes, all the Israelites that are in the midst of me, so that I may go to the house of the LORD, so that I may be with you as a wife.
8: 3 And thou hast commanded the commandment of the priests, and the people of the land, bear it; and the land of the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel shall not be put to rest, but they shall not go up to the land of the land, nor shall they go down to the land of Israel.
9: 3 And Joshua said unto the children of Israel, Behold, they are ashamed, and they shall not hear the word of the LORD: O Jehovah, God is the God of them.
10: 3 and I֣amr Ihos֔a Bzat֙ Tֽda֔on C֛i A֥l H֖i Bkrbc֑m and Hor֣s Ior֣is M֠fnicm At-hcnan֨i and At-hht֜i and At-hho֗i and At-hfrzi֙ and At-hgrgs֔i and Hamr֖i and Hibosֽi:
11: 3 Behold, I will look upon the voice of the Lord, and I will bring forth all the men of the earth, and I will bring them before thee, and they shall go down to them.
12: 3 And when he came, he took you to the house of the king of the tribe of Esau, and he saw that there was no man, but he was captivated, and the people of Israel were there, and there was no man, nor any other man, except for the tribe of Sibeth.
13: 3 and Hi֡h Cn֣oh Cf֣ot Rgl֣i Hchn֡im Nsai֩ Ar֨on Iho֜h Ad֤on Cl-ha֙rtz֙ Bm֣i Hird֔n M֤i Hirdn֙ Ic֣rt֔on Hm֥im Hird֖im Mlm֑alh and Iamd֖o N֥d Ahֽd:
14: 3 And there was the people of the people, the people of Israel, who were going up to them, to cross the land of the Jordanians, and the Canaanites, that took up the land, and the land of the wilderness, before the land, and the land of the land.
15: 3 and Cb֞oa Nsa֤i Hֽaron֙ Ad-hird֔n and Rgl֤i Hcֽhnim֙ Nsa֣i Hֽar֔on Ntbl֖o Bktz֣h Hm֑im and Hird֗n Mla֙ Al-cl-gdot֔io C֖l Im֥i Ktzֽir:
16: 3 and Iamd֡o Hmim֩ Hird֨im Mlm֜alh K֣mo Nd-ah֗d Hrh֨k Ma֜d * ** Mֽad֤m Hair֙ person Asr֙ Mtz֣d Tzֽrt֔n and Hird֗im A֣l I֧m Harb֛h Im-hm֖lh T֣mo Ncr֑to and Ha֥m Abr֖o N֥gd Irihֽo:
17: 3 and Iamd֣o Hchn֡im N֠sai Har֨on Brit-iho֜h Bhֽrb֛h Bt֥oc Hird֖n Hc֑n and Cl-isra֗l Aֽbrim֙ Bh֣rb֔h A֤d Asr-t֙mo֙ Cl-hg֔oi Lab֖r At-hirdֽn:
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (24 verses)‬
1: 4 And it came to pass, when all the men of the Haggoth had given themselves up to burn down the fire, and the LORD said unto them, Behold, Yahweh, go down to Amor.
2: 4 Behold, they have given you the commandment of the people of the land, but they have not done it; but the people have not changed, yet there is no other man, yet another man,
3: 4 and Tzo֣o Aotm֮ Lamr֒ Saֽo-lc֨m Mz֜h Mt֣oc Hird֗n Mmtzb֙ Rgl֣i Hchn֔im Hc֖in Stim-asr֣h Abn֑im and Habrt֤m Aotm֙ Amc֔m and Hnht֣m Aot֔m Bml֕on Asr-tl֥ino B֖o Hlֽilh: S.
4: 4 And Jehoashoiah came to him, to the two of them, and he was married, and there was no man, there was a woman; but there was no son, but he was a son of Israel, and there was no man-man, yet another man, and he was the captain of the tribe.
5: 4 and I֤amr Lhm֙ Ihos֔a A֠bro Lfn֨i Ar֧on Iho֛h Alֽhic֖m Al-t֣oc Hird֑n and Hr֨imo Lc֜m A֣is A֤bn Aht֙ Al-scm֔o Lmsf֖r Sbt֥i Bni-israֽl:
6: 4 For the sake of the people of Israel, they were in the midst of them, because they were not married, but they were not in their midst, but after them, they were not worthy, but they were the sons of the children, and they gave them to them.
7: 4 and Amrt֣m Lh֗m As֨r Ncrt֜o Mim֤i Hirdn֙ Mfni֙ Ar֣on Brit-iho֔h Babro֙ Bird֔n Ncrt֖o M֣i Hird֑n and ֠hio Habn֨im Ha֧lh Lzcr֛on Lbn֥i Isra֖l Ad-aolֽm:
8: 4 and Iaso-c֣n Bni-isra֘l [1] Cas֣r Tzo֣h Ihosa֒ and Isa֡o Stֽi-asr֨h Abn֜im Mt֣oc Hird֗n Cas֨r Db֤r Ihoh֙ Al-ihos֔a Lmsf֖r Sbt֣i Bnֽi-isra֑l and Iabr֤om Amm֙ Al-hml֔on and Inh֖om Sֽm:
9: 4 And the nine sons of the children of Israel were afflicted with it: Joshua, the daughter of the children of the Jordan, who was the ruler of the tribe of the king, the king of Israel, the king of Israel, the king of Israel, and the people of the land of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel.
10: 4 and Hchn֞im Nsa֣i Har֗on Amdim֮ Bt֣oc Hirdn֒ A֣d T֣m Cֽl-h֠dbr Asr-tzo֨h Iho֤h At-ihos֙a֙ Ldb֣r Al-ha֔m Cc֛l Asr-tzo֥h Ms֖h At-ihos֑a and Imhr֥o Ha֖m and ֽiabֽro:
11: 4 And it came to pass, when the people of all the nations had gone up, that they should not go down to the ground, and that the people of the LORD saw it, and they waited, before they turned away.
12: 4 And they went up to the sons of Reuben, and to the sons of Gedud, and to Heshon, to the tribe of Hatham, to Manasseh, to Haman, to Nahman, to Benna, to Israel, and to Israel, as a woman, to whom the people of Israel were numbered.
13: 4 As in the fourteenth century, the people of Israel have come out, and the people of the tribe of Israel have passed away, but they have not turned away. Jehovah is the LORD, and he has not fought against Israel.
14: 4 Behold, this is the LORD's commandment, and the LORD hath taken the LORD out of his sight: for all the people of Israel have come to him, and he hath seen him, and hath taken him captive, as as he has seen, he hath seen the people of Moses, all of them.
15: 4 And the word of the LORD came unto Jehoashúa, to Amor.
16: 4 He commanded the people of the land, that they should not be married; therefore I saw them, and they said: 'Behold, I will go down to you, and I will go up to you from the Jordan.'
17: 4 And Joshua brought him to the priests, saying, They have not gone down from the yarden.
18: 4 and ֠ihi * ** Cal֨ot Hchn֜im cost Nsa֨i Ar֤on Brit-ihoh֙ Mt֣oc Hird֔n Ntk֗o Cfot֙ Rgl֣i Hchn֔im A֖l Hhrb֑h and Is֤bo Mֽi-hirdn֙ Lmkom֔m and Ilc֥o Ctmol-sls֖om Al-cl-gdotֽio:
19: 4 And the people went up from the midst of the wilderness, in the midst of the threshing floor, and the first day of the wilderness was full, and they came to the land of Gilgal, and in the midst of it they came out of Mizrah;
20: 4 And the twelve men of the tribe of Israel, the sons of Israel, took up the land of Israel, so that they took it from them, because they were rebellious, and they were ashamed of Jeho'o֖ ב ב ב ב בגגג בגגְלֽגֽל:ל.
21: 4 And he said unto the children of Israel, Let the children of Israel die, that when the children of Israel die, their sons shall be raised again, and their fathers shall be put to death, and they shall not be put to death, because the sons of Israel shall be with them.
22: 4 And you shall know their sons, and they shall be steadfast in their captivity, but they shall not be afraid, but they shall bring down the birds that are therein.
23: 4 As for the people of the captivity, Jehovah, O God, is the LORD, and they are the people of the earth, and they are the people of your people, because they have done as they have done, for the LORD has given them up, and the LORD has given them to them, and the LORD has given them up before us, even before us.
24: 4 For when the people of all the people were afraid, all the people of Israel were afraid of the LORD, because they were afraid of them, because they were afraid of them, because they feared God, but the LORD gave them strength, because they were not all the people of the heavens.
‪xxxx  Chapter 5   (15 verses)‬
1: 5 and Ih֣i Csm֣a Cl-mlc֣i Hamr֡i Asr֩ Ba֨br Hird֜n I֗mh and Cl-mlc֤i Hֽcnani֙ As֣r Al-hi֔m A֠t Asr-hob֨is Iho֜h At-m֧i Hird֛n Mfn֥i Bnֽi-isra֖l Ad- * ** Abr֑m passed and Im֣s Lbb֗m and La-h֨ih B֥m Aod֙ R֔oh Mfn֖i The children of the children of Israel;
2: 5 In the midst of these things are ye, O LORD, the LORD, come to Yahweh, and do not do unto thee, thou shalt go forth unto the children of the house, and the children of the sons of the sons of the sons of the children of Israel, and the children of Israel;
3: 5 And Jehoashoah, the son of Aaron, made him captive to the children of Zurim, and the children of Israel went up to the house of Gilboa, the city of Aral.
4: 5 And this is the commandment of the LORD, that is, of all the children of Israel: the people of the tribe of Mizrah, the people of Nazareth, the people of Nazareth, and the people of Mizrah, the land of Israel.
5: 5 And when they were full of them, they were all the children of the people, and all the children of the children of Israel were born in the wilderness, and they were in the midst of their journeys, because they were of Egypt, but not of them.
6: 5 C֣i | Arba֣im Sn֗h Hlc֣o Bnֽi-isral֮ Bmdbr֒ Ad-t֨m Cl-hg֜oi Ans֤i Hmlhmh֙ Hitza֣im Mmtzr֔im As֥r Lֽa-sma֖o Bk֣ol Iho֑h As֨r Nsb֤a Ihoh֙ Lh֔m Lblt֞i Hraot֣m At-ha֗rtz Asr֩ Nsb֨a Iho֤h Lֽabotm֙ L֣tt L֔no A֛rtz Zb֥t Hl֖b and Dbֽs:
7: 5 And their children were humbled, but they were not with them, because they were ashamed of Jehovah, because they were terrified, but they were not, because they were not their wives, but they were in their midst.
8: 5 And it came to pass, when all the children of the Haggothites had been put to death, and they dwelt among them, that they had been put to death, and that they had been put to death for their lives.
9: 5 And the word of the LORD came upon him, saying, Yea, the LORD hath given them the name of the LORD: for I have given them up their wives, and I have given them a burnt offering, and I have given them to them, so that they may not be put to death.
10: 5 And the sons of Israel, the sons of Israel, rejoice in Gilgal, and they did the same thing to him in the fourteenth day, so as to do it, they went to the ground, and they went to the house of the king, and he was afraid of him.
11: 5 And it was the fruit of the house of the king of the tribe of the king, and of the house of the LORD, the Lord of the earth, of the people of the land, and of the land of the land, and of the land, and of the land of the land.
12: 5 And he returned to the house of the LORD, and he returned to the house of the king, and he returned to the house of the LORD, and he returned to the land, and he returned to the land of Israel, so that the people of Israel were brought to them, and they were consumed, and there was no escape from them, but the land was like the land of Canaan.
13: 5 and Ih֗i Bֽhi֣ot Ihosa֮ Biriho֒ and Is֤a Ainio֙ and I֔ra and Hnh-ais֙ Am֣d Lngd֔o and Hrb֥o Slof֖h Bid֑o and I֨lc Ihos֤a Alio֙ and I֣amr L֔o Hl֥no At֖h Am-ltzrֽino:
14: 5 And he said, "Behold, I am not a man, but I am a servant of the tribe of Israel. You are my God, and you are the one who has given me your servant." And he said to him, "Behold, I will give him a favor, and I will give him up." And he said to him, "Behold, I will go to Edon."
15: 5 And he said, 'Surely the LORD of hosts is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD,
‪xxxx  Chapter 6   (27 verses)‬
1: 6 וֽיִירִייו֙ו סגג֣ר֣תּמססגג֔ר֔רתת מפפ֖נ֖נ֖י בְּנ֣י֣י יִשָר֑א֑ה א֥י֥י֥ין יו֖צ֖א וא֥א֥א֥ין בֽאֽא:ס.
2: 6 And the word of the LORD said unto him, Behold, Yahweh, behold, I saw thee, that thou hast brought me in thy hand: thou shalt take away his bread, and he that hath made thee a mighty thing;
3: 6 And thou shalt take them out of the fire, so that the men of the war shall die, and they shall bring the life of the people, and the people of Israel shall not do any other thing, but they shall do the same thing, that is, the six days of the day.
4: 6 and Sba֣h Chn֡im Isao֩ Sba֨h Sofr֤ot Hiֽoblim֙ Lfn֣i Har֔on and Biom֙ Hsbia֔i Ts֥bo At-ha֖ir S֣ba Fam֑im and Hc֣hn֔im Itka֖o Bsofrֽot:
5: 6 and Hi֞h Bms֣c | Bk֣rn Hiob֗l * Bsmacm ** Csmacm֙ At-k֣ol Hsof֔r Ir֥iao Cl-ha֖m Troa֣h Gdol֑h and N֨fl֜h Hom֤t Hair֙ Tht֔ih and Al֥o Ha֖m A֥is Ngdֽo:
6: 6 and Ikr֞a Ihos֤a Bn-non֙ Al-hc֣hn֔im and I֣amr Alh֔m Sa֖o At-ar֣on Hbr֑it and Sba֣h Cֽhn֗im Isao֙ Sba֤h Sֽofrot֙ Iobl֔im Lfn֖i Ar֥on Ihoֽh:
7: 6 And they said, "Behold, I will say to you, 'Come to me, I will go to the house, and I will bring you the light, and I will go to the sea, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
8: 6 and Ih֗i Cam֣r Ihosa֮ Al-ham֒ and Sba֣h Hchn֡im Nsaim֩ Sba֨h Sofr֤ot Hiֽoblim֙ Lfn֣i Iho֔h Abr֕o and Tka֖o Bsֽofr֑ot and ֽaron֙ Br֣it Iho֔h Hl֖c Ahrihֽm:
9: 6 And the people of the land shall go down before thee, so that they may be burned, and they shall be put to death, and they shall be put to death, and they shall be put to death, and they shall be put to death.
10: 6 And the people commanded him, Joshua, saying, "Do not be angry with them; they will not give them up; they will not give up your voice, nor will they come out from you, but they will not be afraid of you. They will say, 'I am saying to them,' I said, 'I am saying to them:' Because of them they have raised their anger and their evilness. '
11: 6 And Jesus, the ark of the LORD, brought forth the fire, the mighty one, and the other, the people, and the other, and they came, and came, and behold, the LORD was the captain of the house, and they came to us in the midst of the camp.
12: 6 And Joshua took them up in the house of Korak, and carried him away, that they had given to Aaron, the LORD, and the LORD.
13: 6 And Sba֣h Hchn֡im Nsaim֩ Sba֨h Sofr֜ot Hibl֗im Lfni֙ Ar֣on Iho֔h Hlc֣im Hl֔oc and Tka֖o Bsofr֑ot and Hhlotz֙ Hl֣c Lfnih֔m and Hֽmas֗f Hlc֙ Aֽhri֙ Ar֣on Iho֔h * ** Hl֖oc going and Tk֥oa Bsofrֽot:
14: 6 And Absabo brought out the fire, the second day of the war, the people of Israel, and the people of the land, and the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land.
15: 6 And Ih֣i | Bi֣om Hsbia֗i and Isc֙mo֙ Cal֣ot Hs֔hr and Is֧bo At-ha֛ir Cmsf֥t Hz֖h S֣ba Fam֑im R֚k Bi֣om Hh֔oa Sbb֥o At-ha֖ir S֥ba Famֽim:
16: 6 And there was a man in the midst of the seventh day, who was angry with him, and the people of the tribe of Shofar were dying, and the LORD said to them, 'Go to the people, see it, let them go, for they are not.' "The LORD said to them," Do you not do that? "
17: 6 And Hit֨h Ha֥ir H֛rm H֥ia and Cl-asr-b֖h Lֽiho֑h Rk֩ Rh֨b Hzon֜h Tֽhi֗h H֚ia and Cl-as֣r At֣h Bb֔it C֣i Hhba֔th At-hmlac֖im As֥r Slֽhno:
18: 6 And thou shalt keep them, that they may be saved, and they shall take them away from the fire, and they shall bring them out of the camp, the Israelites, to the heat of the earth, and they shall be put to death for their own sake.
19: 6 And it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came to pass.
20: 6 And I֣ra Ha֔m and ֽitka֖o Bsֽfr֑ot and Ihi֩ Csm֨a Ha֜m At-k֣ol Hsof֗r and Ir֤iao Ham֙ Troa֣h Gdol֔h and Tf֨l Hֽhom֜h Tht֗ih and I֨al Ha֤m Ha֙irh֙ A֣is Ngd֔o and ֽilcd֖o At-haֽir:
21: 6 And when the rest of the nation was destroyed, the people of the land of Israel were destroyed, and the people of Mesopotamia went out of their midst, and there was no need for them, and they went out of their way, and they were burned, and they were burned to the ground, and they were burned.
22: 6 And Lsn֨im Hans֜im Hֽmrgl֤im At-ha֙rtz֙ Am֣r Ihos֔a B֖ao Bit-has֣h Hzon֑h and Hotz֨iao Ms֤m At-hֽash֙ and At-cl-asr-l֔h Cas֥r Nsbat֖m Lֽh:
23: 6 And Ib֜ao Hnar֣im Hֽmrgl֗im and Itz֡iao At-r֠hb and At-ab֨ih and At-am֤h and At-ah֙ih֙ and At-cl-asr-l֔h and A֥t Cl-msfhot֖ih Hotz֑iao and I֨nih֔om Mh֖otz Lmhn֥h Israֽl:
24: 6 And the fire was burning, and the fire was burning, and all that was in it was the rain, and the whole day, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came to pass.
25: 6 And ֽat-rh֣b H֠zonh and At-b֨it Ab֤ih and At-cl-asr-lh֙ Hhi֣h Ihos֔a and T֙sb֙ Bk֣rb Isra֔l A֖d Hi֣om Hz֑h C֤i Hhb֙iah֙ At-hmlac֔im Asr-sl֥h Ihos֖a Lrg֥l At-irihֽo: P.
26: 6 And Isb֣a Ihos֔a Ba֥t Hh֖ia ​​Lam֑r Ar֨or Ha֜is Lfn֣i Iho֗h As֤r Ikom֙ and Bn֞h At-ha֤ir Hzat֙ At-irih֔o Bbcr֣o Iisd֔nh and Btzair֖o Itz֥ib Dltֽih:
27: 6 And Jehoiu, the LORD, brought Jehoshu֑a away, and he was there, and he heard him in all manner of things.
‪xxxx  Chapter 7   (26 verses)‬
1: 7 and Imal֧o Bnֽi-isra֛l M֖al Bh֑rm and Ik֡h Ac֣n Bn-crmi֩ Bn-zbd֨i Bn-z֜rh Lmt֤h Ihodh֙ Mn-hh֔rm and Iֽhr-a֥f Iho֖h Bbn֥i Israֽl:
2: 7 and Islh֩ Ihos֨a Ans֜im Mֽirih֗o Ha֞i As֨r Am-b֥it A֙on֙ Mk֣dm Lbֽit-a֔l and I֤amr Alihm֙ Lam֔r Al֖o and Rgl֣o At-ha֑rtz and ֽialo֙ Hans֔im and ֽirgl֖o At-haֽi:
3: 7 and Is֣bo Al-ihos֗a and Iamr֣o Alio֮ Al-i֣al Cl-ham֒ Calf֣im A֗is A֚o Csl֣st Alf֣im A֔is Ial֖o and Ic֣o At-ha֑i Al-tiga-s֙mh֙ At-cl-ha֔m C֥i Ma֖t Hֽmh:
4: 7 And the people went up from the people, so that when they were gone, they were not with them, but they were not married, and they were defeated, and they were turned away before me, because they were not with me.
5: 7 and Ic֨o Mh֜m Ans֣i Ha֗i Csls֤im and Ssh֙ A֔is and ֽirdf֞om Lfn֤i Hs֙ar֙ Ad-hsbr֔im and Ic֖om Bmor֑d and Im֥s Lbb-ha֖m and Ih֥i Lmֽim:
6: 7 And YHOSHU came to him, saying, "Behold, I will not go down, but I will go down before you, and I will see you, and I will see you before you." The LORD said, "Behold, the LORD will be with you forever, and I will be with you, and I will go up to you, and I will go up against you."
7: 7 and I֨amr Ihos֜a Ah֣h | Adn֣i Iho֗h L֠mh Hab֨rt Hab֜ir At-ha֤m Hzh֙ At-hird֔n Lt֥t At֛no Bi֥d Hamr֖i Lhabid֑no and Lo֙ Hoa֣lno and N֔sb Ba֖br Hirdֽn:
8: 7 Behold, Adonai is a servant, a servant, a mother, a man, a man of valor, a man of valor, a man of valor, a man of valor, a man of valor.
9: 7 And he listened to him, saying, "This is the Canaanite, and all that is sitting is the land, and the people have turned away from us, and have given up your name from the land, and from it, do it to your name, even the Haggadah."
10: 7 And the Lord said unto them, Come unto the Lord, I pray thee, O Lord, I am with thee, O LORD, I am the LORD, and I will give thee strength.
11: 7 He hath sinned, and he hath taken care of him, and he is still with him, and he is the father of the people of the tribe of Berettis. As for the people of Zion, they have been numbered among them, and they have not yet been married, and they have been given to them, and they have taken away their sins, and they have taken them away, and they have been stolen.
12: 7 and L֨a Icl֜o Bn֣i Isra֗l Lkom֙ Lfn֣i Aibih֔m A֗rf Ifno֙ Lfn֣i Aֽibih֔m C֥i Hi֖o Lh֑rm L֤a Aosif֙ Lֽhi֣ot Amc֔m Am-l֥a Tsm֛ido Hh֖rm Mֽkrbcֽm:
13: 7 K֚m Kd֣s At-ha֔m and Amrt֖ Htkds֣o Lmh֑r C֣i Ch֩ Am֨r Iho֜h Alh֣i Isra֗l H֤rm Bkrbc֙ Isra֔l L֣a Toc֗l Lkom֙ Lfn֣i Aib֔ic Ad-hsirc֥m Hh֖rm Mֽkrbcֽm:
14: 7 and Nkrbt֥m Bb֖kr Lsbtic֑m and Hi֡h Hsbt֩ Asr-ilcd֨no Iho֜h Ikr֣b Lmsfh֗ot and Hmsfh֞h Asֽr-ilcd֤nh Ihoh֙ Tkr֣b Lbt֔im and Hb֙it֙ As֣r Ilcd֣no Iho֔h Ikr֖b Lgbrֽim:
15: 7 And behold, the man of the sons of Israel was ashamed of him, when he brought him to his house, and all that was with him, so that he might pass over the house of the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD, and the people of Esau, and the people of Israel in the land of Israel.
16: 7 And Joshua, the son of Jacob, was born in the house of Korak, and besieged Israel, and went to captivate him, and came to the tribe of Judah,
17: 7 And he brought the sword of Judah closer to him, and he came to the house of the captivity of the east of the sea, and drew up the fountain of the sea, the fountain of glory unto the multitude, and it came to pass.
18: 7 And he brought the house of his house to Hagar, and he returned to the son of Zechariah, son of Zabad, son of Zephorah, to whom he had been circumcised, Yahweh, and Judah.
19: 7 And the LORD said unto him, Behold, I am not a son, but a son of the son of Israel; for he is not a son of God, nor a son of God; for he is a God, a God, a man, a man, and a man of his own. And the Haggadah is not mine; for I am the son of Moses.
20: 7 And he said, "Behold, I have taken the people of Israel, and I believe, that I am not worthy of sin; but I am not worthy of him, but I am afraid of you, O God, that I may be afraid of you, and this is what I have done, and this is what I have done."
21: 7 * and ** show and A֣ra Bsl֡l Ad֣rt Snar֩ Ah֨t Tob֜h and Mat֧im Skl֣im C֗sf and Ls֨on Zh֤b Ahd֙ Hms֤im Sklim֙ Mskl֔o and ֽahmd֖m and ֽakh֑m and Hn֨m Tmon֥im Ba֛rtz Bt֥oc Haֽhl֖i and Hc֥sf Thtֽih:
22: 7 And Jeho֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙ ֙֙֔֔ ו ו ו֖֖֖ ה֑֑֑֑֑֑֧֧֧ ט ט ט֛֛ ב בָה֖֖֛֛ ב ב ת ת֖֖ ו ו֥֥֥֥ ת ת תָֽֽֽ:.
23: 7 And they were taken away from you, because they were with you, and they came and went to the house of Jehoshoah. And all the children of Israel went up to them, and they clung to them, and they turned to me.
24: 7 and Ik֣h Ihos֣a At-ac֣n Bn-z֡rh and At-hc֣sf and At-had֣rt and ֽat-ls֣on Hzh֡b and ֽat-bn֡io and ֽat-bnt֡io and At-soro֩ and At-hmr֨o and At-tzan֤o and Aֽt-ahlo֙ and At-cl-asr-l֔o and Cl-isra֖l Am֑o And they went up to them, but they did not go down.
25: 7 and I֤amr Ihos֙a֙ M֣h Acrt֔no Iacrc֥ Iho֖h Bi֣om Hz֑h and Irgm֨o At֤o Cl-isral֙ A֔bn and Isrf֤o Atm֙ Ba֔s and Iskl֥o At֖m Babnֽim:
26: 7 And the children of the children of the children of Israel were great, and the people of the land were great, and this was the day of the LORD's captivity, and the LORD returned to the land of Israel, and the rest of the people of Israel came down to them, so that their land was destroyed, and their land was destroyed, because the land was empty, and the land of the land was destroyed, and the land of the land was destroyed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 8   (35 verses)‬
1: 8 and I֨amr Iho֤h Al-ihos֙a֙ Al-tir֣a and Al-th֔t K֣h Amc֗ A֚t Cl-a֣m Hmlhm֔h and K֖om Al֣h Ha֑i Ra֣h | Nt֣ti Bidc֗ At-m֤lc Hai֙ and At-am֔o and At-air֖o and At-artzֽo:
2: 8 And he did it to him, and he made it to him that he had done, and he did so to his fire, and he turned to thee, and said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be satisfied;
3: 8 And Jehoashoam rose up, and all the men of the bread went up to the house of the children of Israel, and they came to the house of the LORD, and they returned to the land of Israel, and there was no man, but a man was crucified, and they overcame the land of the land of Galilee, and they sent them to the land of Galilee.
4: 8 And I will bring them to them, and they will not be afraid, but they shall not be burned, nor shall I be angry with them, nor shall I be afraid of them: neither shall I be angry with them, nor shall I be afraid of them, nor shall I be afraid of them.
5: 8 And I, and all the people, were married; I saw them; and I saw them in the light of the fire, and they gave it to me, because they did not come out of it, but they came to them, as they were, as the firemen of Israel had burned, and they saved them before them.
6: 8 And after him came another of our wives, because they had given them up to them, and they had given them up before the fire, for they were not, saying, "They have been defeated before us, because as the fire has broken down, they have given us strength, and we have saved them before them."
7: 8 And when ye shall rise up, they shall be filled with water, and they shall bring forth the fire, and they shall give it to the LORD, O God, O God, and they shall be in their hands.
8: 8 And it came to pass, when thou shalt gather the fire, thou shalt bring out the city, and it shall come to pass, as the LORD hath done, saying, O LORD, do thine eyes, and see them, my commandment;
9: 8 And Jehoashoiah sent them, and brought them to the Amorites, and dwelt among them, and they were not in the house of the children of Israel, and they were not in the midst of them, but they were not in their midst: and they came to them, saying, YHHHUHU֛֛֛ ב ב ב֥֥֥֥֥֖֖ ֖֖֖ ב ב ב ב ב֥֥֥֥ ה ה ה ה ה ב.
10: 8 And Joshua, the son of the son of Bezeker, took up the plague, and took away the land, and made it go away, and they gave it to them, and they rose up before them, and they turned away before them.
11: 8 And all the men of the war fought against him, when they rose up against him, and they came up to him, and they came to him, and they came to them, and they came to the fire, and they came, and they came to them, and they came to Mizpah, and they came to him, and the Haggai, between him, and his children, and between them.
12: 8 And the captain of the tribe of Elph, the captain of the tribe of Elijah, said to them, "Do you not see them?" And they said, "Behold, I will come to you, and they will not be afraid."
13: 8 And he carried out the commandment of the people, all of them that were in charge of the land, and the people of Zion, and the captivity of them, because of them, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the Levites, the Levites, the Levites, the Levites, the Levites, and the Levites.
14: 8 and Ih֞i Cra֣ot Mֽlc-ha֗i and ֽimhr֡o and Isc֡imo and Itza֣o Ansֽi-ha֣ir Lkrֽat-i֠sral Lֽmlhm֞h H֧oa and Cl-am֛o Lmoa֖d Lfn֣i Hֽarb֑h and Hoa֙ L֣a Id֔a Cֽi-ar֥b L֖o Mahr֥i Haֽir:
15: 8 And Jehoashoah came, and all Israel went down before them, and they defeated him, because of the inheritance of the desert.
16: 8 And all the people, and all the people of the city, went astray in the city of Ba֔֔֔ לִ רְְ֖֖֖ א אְְֲֵֵ֑֑ וְְְְְִּֽֽ֣֣֙֙֙ י י יהוהוֹֻ֔֔ ו וִַּנתְּ֖֖ מִ מִ מִ מִנתְּ֖֖ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִֽֽֽ:
17: 8 And there was none of the people of the tribe of Israel, but the people of the tribe of Israel were there, and the people of Israel were still there, and the people of Israel were still there, and the people of Israel were there, and they came to the city, and the people of the city were there, and the people of Judah were there.
18: 8 And the word of the LORD came to me, saying, "Behold, Yahweh, I will not go down with you, because I am with you in your hands, for I am with you; for I am in your hands, and you are watching us, and Yahweh has come down to me in the hands of the children of Israel, whose hands are in the hands of the fire."
19: 8 And Oorbek rose up from the mountain of Meron, from where he was born, and they saw him, and they came to him, and the children of the children of Israel came to him, and they came to him, and they came to him, and they came to him, and they came to him, and they took him away, and he overcame him, and destroyed him, and brought him to the fire.
20: 8 and Ifn֣o Ansi֩ Ha֨i Ahrih֜m and Ira֗o and Hn֨h Al֜h As֤n Hair֙ Hsm֔imh and La-hi֨h Bh֥m Id֛im Ln֖os H֣nh and H֑nh and Ham֙ Hn֣s Hmdb֔r Nhf֖c Al-hrodֽf:
21: 8 And Jehoashoah, and the children of Israel, saw it, and he saw it, so that it was not so great, and he brought it up to the fire, and it came to light, and it came to pass, that it was done, that it was light, and they were ashamed of it, and they brought it to them, and they brought it to the men of the land.
22: 8 and A֨lh Itza֤o Mn-hair֙ Lkrat֔m and Iֽhi֤o Lisral֙ Bt֔oc A֥lh Mz֖h and A֣lh Mz֑h and Ic֣o Aot֔m Ad-blt֥i Hsaֽir-l֖o Sr֥id and Flֽit:
23: 8 And the people of Mezaleh came to him, and they turned away from him, and besieged him, and brought him to Jehoashu,
24: 8 and Ih֣i Ccl֣ot Isra֡l Lhrg֩ At-cl-isb֨i Ha֜i Bsd֗h Bmdbr֙ As֣r Rdf֣om B֔o and ֽifl֥o Cl֛m Lfi-h֖rb Ad-tm֑m and Is֤bo Cl-isral֙ Ha֔i and Ic֥o At֖h Lfi-hֽrb:
25: 8 And all the children of the children of Israel were there, because of this, there was no man, no man, and no man, but two men, who did not do anything, but did not go astray.
26: 8 And Jehoshaphat the son of Levi was not the one who gave birth to a son, but he went up to the land of the tribe of Neutah, and to the people of Zion, and to Arad, to Hebron, to Hebron, to all the inhabitants of the land.
27: 8 The Lord, the Lord is the Lord, and he is the one who is evil; for he is the one who is in contempt; for he is the LORD, and he is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD.
28: 8 And Jehoashoach made the people of Israel, and gave them to the people of the world, which was made to be desolate.
29: 8 and At-m֧lc Ha֛i Tl֥h Al-ha֖tz Ad-a֣t Ha֑rb and Cb֣oa Hsms֩ Tzo֨h Ihos֜a and Ir֧ido At-nblt֣o Mn-ha֗tz and Isl֤ico Aoth֙ Al-f֙th֙ S֣ar Ha֔ir and Ik֤imo Alio֙ Gl-abn֣im Gd֔ol A֖d Hi֥om Hzֽh: P.
30: 8 Where is the son of Yahweh, Yahovah, the son of Moses, the son of Zebab, the son of Levi, the son of Levi, and the son of Elijah?
31: 8 Cas֣r Tzoh֩ Ms֨h Aֽbd-iho֜h At-bn֣i Isra֗l Cctob֙ Bs֙fr֙ Tor֣t Ms֔h Mzbh֙ Abn֣im Slm֔ot As֛r Lֽa-hn֥if Alih֖n Brz֑l and Ial֨o Al֤io Alot֙ Lֽiho֔h and ֽizbh֖o Slmֽim:
32: 8 And their father-in-law answered them on the altar of the Mishnah, saying, "Thou art the flesh of the woman, the woman of the flock, and of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel."
33: 8 and Cl-isra֡l and Zkn֡io and Str֣im | and Sft֡io Amd֣im Mz֣h | and Mz֣h | Lar֡on Ngd֩ Hchn֨im Hloi֜m Nsa֣i | Ar֣on Brit-iho֗h Cgr֙ Cֽazr֔h Htzio֙ Al-m֣ol Hr-grz֔im and Hֽhtzi֖o Al-m֣ol Hr-aib֑l Cas֨r Tzo֜h Ms֣h Aֽbd-iho֗h Lbr֛c At- The people shall rise up in their heads;
34: 8 And after that, after all, I have read all the things of the word of the Torah, and it is the wisdom of the LORD, and the curse is like the whole of the house, and it is in the wall of the Torah.
35: 8 Lo, behold, there is no god but him, that which is his name, which is the commandment of Moses, the wife of Asher, the son of Levi, the son of Jehosh֗o֗ נ, the son of Israel, all the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the host, and the host of the people of Israel, in the midst of them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 9   (27 verses)‬
1: 9 and Ih֣i Csm֣a Cֽl-hmlc֡im Asr֩ Ba֨br Hird֜n Bh֣r and Bsfl֗h and Bcl֙ H֚of Hi֣m Hgd֔ol Al-m֖ol Hlbn֑on Hֽhti֙ and H֣amr֔i Hֽcnani֙ Hfrz֔i Hho֖i and Hibosֽi:
2: 9 And he took up his hand, and he went to the house of Yahweh with the people of Judah, and with the people of Israel, he brought forth another king.
3: 9 And he sat down; and he turned away from him; and he heard him, saying, "Do you not have a wife?" "Do you not have a wife?"
4: 9 And he did the same thing, and he came to him in the city of Aram, and he took it, and he brought it to him, and took it, and he took it up, and took it, and he took it, and they took it, and they took it, and they went to it, and they went to it.
5: 9 And the children of Israel went astray, and went to their feet, and went to them, and they came to them; and they came to them, and carried them away, and they all came to them, and they went to them, and they did not return.
6: 9 And Joachim went to YHWH, and said to him, "I am the captain of the house of Haggil, and he said to him, 'Come to him, and to him, to the people of Israel, come out of the land of Rachka, and behold, we will come to you;
7: 9 And they said, "And the people of Israel said to the king, 'Come to me, O Israel!'" "O people, come near me, and I will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
8: 9 And Moses said unto him, Behold, I worship thee, and we will not be pleased with thee, and I will say unto them, Ye shall surely go down: yea, wherewith thou art, and wherewith thou art thou?
9: 9 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go out from the land of Rochah, for it is very certain that they have been worshiped by thy servants for their own sake. Jehovah, O God, is thy God, thy God, that is, he that hath made us, that hath heard him, that he hath heard him, and that he hath done all things, that he hath done them in Egypt.
10: 9 And he said unto him, All that I have done is that I will not go down, but I am saying that I will not go into the land of the LORD, nor shall I go down to the land of Israel, nor the land of Israel, nor the land of the land, nor the land of the land, nor the land of the land.
11: 9 and Iamr֣o Al֡ino Zֽkinino֩ and Cl-isb֨i Artz֜no Lam֗r Kh֨o Bidc֤m Tzidh֙ Ld֔rc and Lc֖o Lkrat֑m and Amrt֤m Alihm֙ Abdic֣m An֔hno and At֖h Crto-l֥no Brֽit:
12: 9 זּ֣ה |ה לחח֗מ֗נ֗נו ח֞ה֞ם הצּמּ֗מ֗נ חנו ח֞ה֞ה הה הצמּ֗א֗מּנו֤ה ה֞ה֙ה֙ה֙ה מבבּ֣ה֣ה֔ה֔ה בְּי֥י֥י֙ה מבבּ֣ה֔ה֔הּה בְּי֥י֥יםם ו וה֖י֖ה֖ה ו וי֖י֖ה נה וקי֖י֖י נה וקי֖י ני נה וֵי֖י ני נה ו וי֖י ני נה ו וי֖י ני נה ו וי֖י ני נה ו וי֖י ני נה ו וי֖י ניו צם ו וי֖י ני נה ו וי֖י ניו צם ו וי֖י ני נה ו וי֖י ני נה ו וי֖י ני נה ו וי֖י ני נה ו וי֖י ני נה ו וי֖י ני נה ו וי֖י ני נה ו וייי ני נה ו וייי ני נה ו וייי ני נה ו וייי ני נה ו וייי ני נה ו וייי ני נה ו וייי ני נה ו וייי נה נה ו וייי נה נה ו וייי נה נה ו וייי ני נה ו וייי ני נה ו וייי נה נה ו וייי ני נה ו וייי נה נה ו וייי נה נה ו וייי נה נה ו וייי ני נה ו וייי נה נה ו וייי ני נה ו וייי ני נה ו וייי נה נה ו
13: 9 And I will bring you to the land of the LORD, and I will go down to the land of Israel, and the land of Israel will be destroyed, and the land of the LORD will be destroyed.
14: 9 And he took them: they were men, and they were not in their hands, but they and the children of the LORD were there, because they were not afraid of them.
15: 9 And Jehoshaih, the son of Jehoshֻo֙, made a covenant with them, saying, "Behold, they are worthy of their lives, because they are not worthy of their lives, but they have committed their sins to them; they have raised them up, and they are the witnesses."
16: 9 And there was a hundred of them, and the women of the tribe of Israel were still there, after which they had become aware of them, because they were rebellious, and they were ashamed of them, because they were eager for them, but they came to him, and brought him closer to him, and they returned to them.
17: 9 And the sons of the children of Israel went up, and brought them to the house of their fathers, because they were in the midst of the three thrones, and their cities, and their villages, and their villages, and their villages, and the villages, and the villages of Joram.
18: 9 And behold, the people of Israel were ashamed of them, because they were ashamed of them, because they were not ashamed of them, but they were afraid of them, because they were afraid of them, because they were afraid of them, and the people of Israel were afraid of them.
19: 9 And all the men of all nations said unto him, All things shall be done to us; for we are not satisfied; for we have returned to them for a long time, and they are not in the house of the LORD; for God is the God of Israel, and the people of Israel are no more worthy of them, because they are not in their midst.
20: 9 And you have given them to their wives, and to them, and to them, and to them, and to them, and to them, and to them, and to the children of the captives, who have returned to us, to them.
Num 21: 9 And he said unto them, Behold, they are the sons of the tribe, and they are not; they are the children of the tribe, and they are the children of the people of the land, and the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel.
22: 9 And Jehoasho came to them, saying, Yeoh, they were born, and they were brought unto them, saying unto them, Why art thou not a man of mercy, but a rod of bread, and a breadth of bread, and a breadth of bread?
23: 9 And when the ark came to them, they were gone, and they were not, and they were cut off from them, and they were burned down, and they were crucified, and the people of the land were afraid of them, and they were afraid of their fathers.
24: 9 and Ian֨o At-ihos֜a and Iamr֗o Ci֩ Hg֨d Hg֤d Labd֙ic֙ At֩ As֨r Tzo֜h Iho֤h Alh֙ic֙ At-ms֣h Abd֔o Lt֤t Lcm֙ At-cl-ha֔rtz and Lhsm֛id At-cl-isb֥i Ha֖rtz Mfnic֑m and Nir֨a Ma֤d Lnfst֙ino֙ Mfnic֔m and ֽnas֖h At-hdb֥r Hzֽh:
25: 9 And now, behold, we will abide by your hand, and you shall be full of sorrow, and it will be hard for you to do what you want to do.
26: 9 And it came to pass, that they had done so, and they had given them up, but they were not with me; they were sons of Israel, and the people of Israel were born, and they were not consumed.
27: 9 And Johanan, their father, brought them to the house of the LORD, saying, "Behold, they are the sons of the people, the children of Israel, the people of the land, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel and the people of Israel."
‪xxxx  Chapter 10   (43 verses)‬
1: 10 Ihi֩ Csm֨a Adֽni-tz֜dk M֣lc Irosl֗m Cֽi-lc֨d Ihos֣a At-hai֮ and Ihrimh֒ Cas֨r As֤h Lֽiriho֙ and Lmlc֔h Cn-as֥h La֖i and Lmlc֑h and C֨i Hsl֜imo Isb֤i Gbaon֙ At-isra֔l and Iֽhi֖o Bkrbֽm:
2: 10 And he was afraid of the people of Israel, because he was a mighty man; he was a mighty man, and he was a great man. And they were great. They were great, and they were great.
3: 10 Isl֨h Adni-tz֜dk M֣lc Irosl֗m Al-hoh֣m Mֽlc-h֠bron and Al-fra֨m Mֽlc-irm֜ot and Al-if֧ia Mֽlc-lc֛is and Al-db֥ir Mֽlc-agl֖on Lamֽr:
4: 10 And the children of Israel went up to me, and they brought me to the house of Gathon, so that they were able to kill Judah and the sons of Israel, so that they might be saved.
5: 10 Iasf֨o and ֽial֜o Hm֣st | Mlc֣i Hamr֗i M֣lc Irosl֜m Mֽlc-hbr֤on Mֽlc-irmot֙ Mֽlc-lc֣is Mֽlc-agl֔on H֖m and Cl-mֽhnih֑m and ֽihno֙ Al-gba֔on and Iֽlhm֖o Alֽih:
6: 10 Islh֣o Ansi֩ Gba֨on Al-ihos֤a Al-hֽmhnh֙ Hglg֣lh Lam֔r Al-t֥rf Id֖ic Mֽabd֑ic Al֧h Al֣ino Mhr֗h and Hos֤iah L֙no֙ and Azr֔no C֚i Nkbtz֣o Al֔ino Cl-mlc֥i Hamr֖i Isb֥i Hhֽr:
7:10 And Joash the son of Jeho֜֜֜ מִ, from the midst of the snow, and all the bread of the war, even with him, and he went up, and multiplied, and he was alive.
8: 10 And the Lord said unto the Lord, I pray thee, I pray thee, thou art not afraid of them, for they are not in thy hands, but thou hast given them not to go into the land, but there is no man of them in your face.
9: 10 And Yֹהו֧֧ א א א א א א א י י י ֛ י י י פ פ פ פ פ פ פ פ פ פ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ ּת֖֖֖֕ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ
10: 10 And they shall be filled with the LORD, and they shall be with me, and they shall be filled with gold, and they shall bring them to the house of Gadon, and they shall return to their land, and they shall return to the house of Aaron, and they shall bring them to the land of Azzek, even though they shall be sanctified.
11: 10 Ih֞i Bns֣m | Mfn֣i Isra֗l H֞m Bmor֤d Bit-horn֙ and ֽiho֡h Hsl֣ic Alihm֩ Abn֨im Gdl֧ot Mn-hsm֛im Ad-azk֖h and Im֑to Rb֗im Asr-m֙to֙ Babn֣i Hbr֔d Mas֥r Hrg֛o Bn֥i Isra֖l Bhֽrb: S.
12: 10 A֣z Idb֤r Ihosa֙ Lֽiho֔h Bi֗om T֤t Ihoh֙ At-h֣amr֔i Lfn֖i Bn֣i Isra֑l and I֣amr | Lain֣i Isra֗l S֚ms Bgba֣on D֔om and Ir֖h Ba֥mk Ailֽon:
13: 10 Id֨m Hs֜ms and Ir֣h Am֗d Ad-ik֥m Goi֙ Aֽib֔io Hla-h֥ia Ctob֖h Al-s֣fr His֑r and Iam֤d Hs֙ms֙ Bhtz֣i Hsm֔im and La-a֥tz Lb֖oa Ci֥om Tmֽim:
14: 10 And behold, it was not the same, but the people of the LORD, the people of the Levites, and the people of the Levites, the Levites, and the people of Israel, the LORD, the LORD, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
15: 10 And Jehoashoiah returned, and all the people of Israel went with him, and went up to the camp, and the camp, the Haggala,
16: 10 And they were defeated, and the five kings of the nation were with her, and they were brought to her in the wilderness, and they were in her sanctuary.
17: 10 And Jehoahid, the son of Yֹשֻ֣֣֣ ל ל ל ל ל ל נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ֙֙֙֙֙֙ ֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙ ֣֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙ ֽֽ֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙ ֽ֖֙ נ֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙
18: 10 And the word of the Lord Joshua said unto him, Give up the children of the land, and go up to the west, and the mountains are beyond it, and the people will be turned over to them, because they will not be saved.
19: 10 And ye shall not go astray, but they will not be persecuted, but after them I will return to you, and I will give them to you, and they shall return to them, but they shall not come, but they shall come to them, to come unto them, and they shall be destroyed, because they have not been given to them, O Jehovah, O God, they are in their hands.
20:10 And it was like all the tents of Jehoshu֜֜, and the sons of Israel, that they might go to strike them: they were great, and they were great, and the captives were in the midst of them, and they were not in their midst, and they brought them to the land of the land of the wilderness.
21: 10 And they returned to all the people of the camp, unto the LORD, that is, because of the commandment of the children of Israel, that they should not be afraid of the children of Israel, but that they should not be ashamed of their wives.
22: 10 And Joshua said to him, Open up the edge of the wall, and bring it to me, and I will bring it to you, and I will bring it to you, and I will bring it to you from the midst of it.
23: 10 I֣aso C֔n and Itz֣iao Al֗io At-hm֛st Hmlc֥im Ha֖lh Mn-hmar֑h A֣t | M֣lc Irosl֗m At-m֤lc Hbron֙ At-m֣lc Irm֔ot At-m֥lc Lc֖is At-m֥lc Aglֽon:
24: 10 ֠ihi Cֽhotzia֞m At-hmlc֣im Halh֮ Al-ihosa֒ and Ikr֨a Ihos֜a Al-cl-a֣is Isra֗l and ֠iamr Al-ktzin֞i Ans֤i Hmlhmh֙ Hhlc֣oa At֔o Krb֗o S֚imo At-rglic֔m Aֽl-tzoar֖i Hmlc֣im Ha֑lh and ֽikrb֔o and Is֥imo At-rglih֖m Al-tzoarihֽm:
25: 10 And the Lord said unto them, Yeהוֻ֔֔֔֔ א, ֽֽֽֽ֖֖֖֖ ו ו-- ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ֖ ח ח כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙ או או או או או או או: או או או:: או:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: תֽֽ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
26: 10 And Jehoashoam came to them after that, and after that they had killed them, and they were numbered among them, five hundred and fifty, and they were with them, and they were with them, and they were cast on them by the fire, even by the fire.
27: 10 Ih֞i La֣t | B֣oa Hs֗ms Tzo֤h Ihos֙a֙ and Iֽridom֙ Ma֣l Hatz֔im and I֨slc֔m Al-hmar֖h As֣r Nhbao-s֑m and Is֜mo Abn֤im Gdlot֙ Al-f֣i Hmar֔h Ad-a֖tzm Hi֥om Hzֽh: P.
28: 10 At-mkdh֩ Lc֨d Ihos֜a Bi֣om Hh֗oa and Ic֣h Lfi-hrb֮ and At-mlch֒ Hhr֣m Aot֗m and At-cl-hn֙fs֙ Asr-b֔h L֥a Hsa֖ir Sr֑id and I֙as֙ Lm֣lc Mkd֔h Cas֥r As֖h Lm֥lc Irihֽo:
29: 10 And the Lord of Israel came up to him, and the people of Israel went up with him, because he had been sanctified, and his sons were with them, and their hearts were with her.
30: 10 Itn֩ Iho֨h Gm-aot֜h Bi֣d Isra֘l [1] and At-mlch֒ and Ic֣h Lfi-h֗rb and At-cl-hn֙fs֙ Asr-b֔h Lֽa-hsa֥ir B֖h Sr֑id and I֣as Lmlc֔h Cas֥r As֖h Lm֥lc Irihֽo: S.
31: 10 And Jacob, and all the people of Israel, went with him, because of his wife, because of her wife, and her sons were over her, and Leah loved them.
32: 10 Itn֩ Iho֨h At-lc֜is Bi֣d Isra֗l and ֽilcdh֙ Bi֣om Hsn֔i and Ic֣h Lfi-h֔rb and At-cl-hn֖fs Asr-b֑h Cc֥l Asr-as֖h Llbnֽh: P.
33: 10 And he said unto him, Behold, the LORD is the king, and he is the king of the seed of Lazarus, who hath destroyed the people, and hath made him captive, Jehoasho, and his people, and his people, even unto him;
34: 10 And Jacob, and all the people of Israel, went up with him, saying, "Behold, there is a tree of Eglala, and it has been blessed, and it is over it, and it has been brought up to it.
35: 10 And he went up to the house of the LORD, saying, Behold, the LORD hath given it to him, because he hath given it to him, and hath given it all, that is, the desire which is with him, that is, that is, that is, that is, that is, it is not, that is, it is not like that which is done unto the LORD.
36: 10 And he went up to the house of Joshua, and all the people of Israel went up with him, out of the midst of his flock, and he broke up with his flock, and brought them up against him.
37: 10 Ilcd֣oh and Icֽoh-lfi-h֠rb and At-mlc֨h and At-cl-ar֜ih and At-cl-hn֤fs Asr-bh֙ Lֽa-hsa֣ir Sr֔id Cc֥l Asr-as֖h Lagl֑on and Ihr֣m Aot֔h and At-cl-hn֖fs Asr-bֽh: S.
38: 10 And Joshua, who dwelt among all Israel, went down with him to the Lord, and their mercy was upon her.
39: 10 ֽilcd֞h and At-mlc֤h and At-cl-ar֙ih֙ and Ic֣om Lfi-h֔rb and ֽihr֙imo֙ At-cl-n֣fs Asr-b֔h L֥a Hsa֖ir Sr֑id Cas֨r As֜h Lhbr֗on Cn-as֤h Ldb֙rh֙ and Lmlc֔h and Cas֥r As֛h Llbn֖h and Lmlcֽh:
40: 10 Ic֣h Ihos֣a At-cl-ha֡rtz Hhr֩ and Hn֨gb and Hsfl֜h and Hasd֗ot and At֙ Cl-mlcih֔m L֥a Hsa֖ir Sr֑id and A֤t Cl-hnsmh֙ Hhr֔im Cas֣r Tzo֔h Iho֖h Alh֥i Israֽl:
41: 10 And Jehoasho, the captain of the tribe of Berezah, went up to her, and made her captive, and all the women of the land of Goshen, and even Gabaon,
42: 10 And all the kings of the land, they brought unto their land, the LORD, the LORD, and the people of Israel, so that they might be destroyed, because the LORD, the LORD, was with them, so that they might be saved, and they would not go to Israel.
43: 10 And Jehoashoah returned to Israel, and all the people of Israel went with him into the land of Haman, the son of Haggilgah.
‪xxxx  Chapter 11   (23 verses)‬
1: 11 And he said, Behold, when it is called, the son of the king shall not go into the midst of the sea, and he shall return unto Jacob, and he shall go down from the land of the Jordan, and unto thee, keep thy guard, and go not to thee,
2: 11 And unto the God of the kings, I will be glad to see the spring of the spring, and I will see the rain, and the rain, the rain, and the rain, and the rain, and the rain, and the rain, and the rain,
2: 11 And the Canaanites were the ones who were in the midst of Mezron, and the people of them, and the Amorites, and the Hittites, and the Pharisees, and the Abyssinians, the Biharites, and the Chihuahuaites, who were in charge of the camp of Hormon in the land of Mizpah.
4:11 And it came to pass, that they were all, and that all the men of them were with them, even with the people of the tribe of Reuben, but as the people of the tribe of Israel, the people of the tribe of the Levites, were destroyed, and the land of the land was desolate, and there was a great multitude.
5: 11 And they went back to the house of the king, and the people of Israel came to him, and they came to him, and dwelt among him, and they were not alone;
6: 11 I֨amr LORD Al-ihosa֮ Al-tir֣a Mfnihm֒ Cֽi-mh֞r Ca֣t Hz֗at Anc֞i Nt֧n At-cl֛m Hll֖im Lfn֣i Isra֑l At-sosih֣m Tak֔r and At-mrcbtih֖m Tsr֥f Baֽs:
7:11 And Yהוהו֡֡֡֡֡֡ ו ו ו ו ו ו֩֩֩֩֩֩֩֩֩֩֩ ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ֛ ע ע ע ע ֛ ע ע ע ֛ ע ע ע ע ע-מ מ מ ֥ מ מ פ פ פ פ פ֑ ו ו ו ו ו֖֖ ֽ ב ב: ו ו ו ו ו ו֖֖֖֖ ֽ ב:::: ו ו ב ב ב ֽ ב:::: ו ו ו ו ו ֽ ב::: ו ו ו ו ו ו ֽ ב:::::::::::
8: 11 and Itn֨m Iho֥h Biֽd-isral֮ and Icom֒ and ֽirdf֞om Ad-tzid֣on Rb֗h and Ad֙ Msrf֣ot M֔im and Ad-bka֥t Mtzf֖h Mzr֑hh and Ic֕m Ad-blt֥i Hsaֽir-lh֖m Srֽid:
9:11 And it was their doing, saying, Yeהוש֔֔֔֔֔ כא כשאשש֥֥ר ארֽר-ל֖ל֖הו֖ה֖ה֑ה֑ה את-סוסיה֣םם עקקּ֔ר ור ותת-מרכבתתיהיו֖םם ש֥ר֥ו֥ף באאֽש:ס.
10: 11 And Jehoshoiah sat down, saying, Behold, she hath gone, and hath taken her out of the house; and she hath smitten her in the midst of her, because she is afraid of her, and she is afraid of her; for she is afraid of all things, and she is afraid of all her children.
11: 11 And they gave up all the wickedness that was given to them because of the heat of the earth, and the heat of the heat, and the heat of the heat, and the heat of the heat, and the heat of the heat, and the heat of the earth.
12: 11 And all the people of the land, all the kings, and all the kings of Israel, went up to Judah and made them captive to the fire of the fire, and freed them from their fire, and as the fire of the LORD commanded them, they were destroyed by the LORD.
13:11 And all the people of the cities shall be destroyed, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall not be burned; for they shall not be afraid; but they shall not be afraid of the people of the land.
14: 11 ֠cl Sl֞l Har֤im Ha֙lh֙ and Hbhm֔h Bzz֥o Lh֖m Bn֣i Isra֑l R֣k Aֽt-cl-had֞m Hc֣o Lfi-h֗rb Ad-hsmdm֙ Aot֔m L֥a Hsa֖iro Cl-nsmֽh:
15: 11 When the commandment of Moses was fulfilled, the LORD gave him his strength, so that the commandment of Moses made the people of Judah happy. And so did Jehoasho, the son of Israel, who was the ruler of the LORD, and of the king of Israel, that the commandment of the LORD was upon her.
16: 11 Ik֨h Ihos֜a At-cl-ha֣rtz Hz֗at Hh֤r and At-cl-hn֙gb֙ and At֙ Cl-a֣rtz Hg֔sn and At-hsfl֖h and At-harb֑h and At-h֥r Isra֖l and Sfltֽh:
17:11 Wherefore is the son of Hilel the son of Hilel, the son of Elir, and of Ad-Baal, the son of Gad, who was in the midst of the valley, the son of Aaron, the daughter of Tharah, the son of Haram, the son of Aaron, and all the kings of their kings, to the king, and to them, and to them, and to them to die.
18:11 Yea, the LORD hath done all that Jehovah hath done unto all the kingdoms, which hath brought him out of the sea.
19:11 Lo, behold, there was no fire, but the fire was not, but it was not over, but for the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of the Levites, the inhabitants of the land, the inhabitants of the land, the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land of Judah.
20: 11 C֣i Ma֣t LORD | Hit֡h Lhz֣k At-lbm֩ Lkr֨at Hmlhm֤h At-isral֙ Lm֣an Hֽhrim֔m Lblt֥i Hiot-lh֖m Thn֑h C֚i Lm֣an Hsmid֔m Cas֛r Tzo֥h Iho֖h At-msֽh: S.
21: 11 Ib֨a Ihos֜a Ba֣t Hh֗ia and Icr֤t At-hֽankim֙ Mn-hh֤r Mn-hbron֙ Mn-db֣r Mn-an֔b and Mcl֙ H֣r Ihod֔h and Mc֖l H֣r Isra֑l Am-arih֖m Hhrim֥m Ihosֽa:
22:11 Lo, the son of Nun, the son of Anak, was born in the land of Israel, but the people of Israel were in the midst of the land of Boaz, and they were in the midst of the land, and in the land of Israel they were destroyed.
23: 11 Ik֨h Ihos֜a At-cl-ha֗rtz C֠cl As֨r Db֣r Ihoh֮ Al-msh֒ and Itnh֩ Ihos֨a Lnhl֧h Lisra֛l Cmhlkt֖m Lsbtih֑m and Ha֥rtz Skt֖h Mmlhmֽh: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 12   (24 verses)‬
1: 12 A֣lh | Mlc֣i Ha֗rtz As֨r Hc֤o Bnֽi-isral֙ and Iֽrs֣o At-artz֔m Ba֥br Hird֖n Mzrh֣h Hs֑ms Mn֤hl Arnon֙ Ad-h֣r Hrm֔on and Cl-harb֖h Mzrֽhh:
2: 12 Sihon֙ M֣lc Hamr֔i Hios֖b Bhsb֑on Ms֡l Maroa֡r Asr֩ Al-sft-n֨hl Arn֜on and T֤oc Hn֙hl֙ and Htz֣i Hgla֔d and Ad֙ Ib֣k Hn֔hl Gb֖ol Bn֥i Amֽon:
3: 12 And the Arava was with them, even when they were burning, and they were in the midst of Mizrahah, and they were still in the midst of the land, and there was no god but them, and there was no god but them, and there was no fear of the LORD, but the LORD was the LORD, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
4: 12 And Gvul was angry with thee, because of thee, that is, that is, the seed of the LORD, that is, the one that is ashamed of the LORD, in the midst of the fire, and of the fire, and of my anger.
5: 12 And he that is in the midst of the vineyard of Hebron, and in the land of the captivity, was in the midst of the sheep, even before the people of the land, and the horsemen, and the people of the land, and the land of the land, and the land of the land, and the land of the land.
6: 12 The people of Israel were destroyed by the LORD, and the sons of Israel were destroyed, and the land of the LORD was destroyed, and the tribe of Judah was destroyed by the LORD, because it was the land of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior.
7: 12 A֣lh Mlc֣i Ha֡rtz Asr֩ Hc֨h Ihos֜a and Bn֣i Isra֗l Ba֤br Hirdn֙ I֔mh Mb֤al Gd֙ Bbka֣t Hlbn֔on and Ad-hh֥r Hhl֖k Hal֣h Sa֑irh and Itn֨h Ihos֜a Lsbt֧i Isra֛l Irs֖h Cmhlktֽm:
8: 12 Behold, I will go down to the west, and I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will return to you, and I will return to the house of the LORD, and I will return to the land of the LORD, and I will return to the land of Israel, and the land of Israel will be destroyed, and the land will be destroyed.
9: 12 Where is your inheritance, that is, your brother, your servant, who is with you, who is in the midst of you?
10: 12 Your inheritance is in Jerusalem, and you are the LORD, and the LORD is your servant.
11: 12 You are the one who is going down to the heavens;
12: 12 Your calf is like a calf, and it is not your heart, nor your flesh;
13: 12 Thou shalt say unto thee, Thou shalt not go down unto thy neighbor;
14: 12 Thou shalt bring forth the vine, and it shall be the seed of the seed of thy seed.
15: 12 Your strength is to build up, and I will bring forth the seed of thy hand, even unto them.
16: 12 Where is your place? Where is your brother? And he is your servant.
17: 12 And your hand shall be turned away, and I will bring another, and I will bring it to the other.
18: 12 I will make sure that I will bring you forth, and that I will give you the right to minister.
19: 12 You have gone into the land of Midon, and you have seen the king of the tribe of Hazar;
20: 12 You shall keep your guard, and you shall be able to bear witness, and I will bring you to the land of Israel.
21: 12 Thou shalt not rejoice in thy neighbor, nor in thy glory;
22: 12 And I will send you a letter, and I will send it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
23: 12 And the Lord hath given light unto the children of the house, and they shall bring forth their blood, and they shall not be glorified.
24: 12 Your inheritance shall be the same, all the kings of the kingdom of threescore, and the other of the children of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 13   (33 verses)‬
1: 13 And Jehoshua the son of Zach, the son of Baba, the son of Ammon: and he said to him, O LORD, I am the God of the LORD, and I am the LORD, and the LORD is the God of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the LORD, the Lord of the worlds, the LORD, the Lord of the Worlds.
2: 13 Then I saw the land of the people, all the generations of the Philistines, all of them, and all the bridges.
3: 13 Mֽn-hsih֞or As֣r | Al-fn֣i Mtzr֗im and A֨d Gb֤ol Akron֙ Tzf֔onh Lֽcnan֖i Ths֑b Hm֣st | Srn֣i Flst֗im Hazt֤i and Hasdodi֙ Hasklon֣i Hgt֔i and Hakron֖i and Haoֽim:
4:13 When all the people of the land died, the Canaanites came to rest, and they rose up, saying, "As for the people of Israel, they are not against the people of Israel, but the people of Israel are mighty."
5:13 And the land that was round about, and all the sons of Mizrah, which was five hundred years old, came to the gate of Gath, the city of Har-Hormon,
6: 13 Cl-isb֣i H֠hr Mֽn-hlbn֞on Ad-msrf֥t M֙im֙ Cl-tz֣idn֔im Aֽnci֙ Aoris֔m Mfn֖i Bn֣i Isra֑l R֠k Hfl֤h Lisral֙ Bֽnhl֔h Cas֖r Tzoitֽic:
7:13 And it came to pass, that he divided the land of this land, that was in Nahalah: for the nine hundred were the captives, and the half was the sixth, and the sixth was the fifth one.
8: 13 Thou hast been with me, O my people, and my fathers, and my people, and I have taken them, and I have taken them to them, that is, that they have been given to them: for they are not in the midst of death, but in the heart of the Jordan, the people of the land, as they have been.
9: 13 From Aru'ar, who is the ruler of the tribe of the tribe of Nahal, I see the light, and the light, which is as it is in the midst of the inheritance, and all the living things are from Meidba;
10: 13 And all the cities of the cities of Sihon, the city of Amor, the Amorite, is the land of Asher, that dwelleth in the land of Bashan, even on the west side, and is not the son of the people of Ammon.
11:13 13 And the people of Gilead turned away, and went up against the Hagorites, and the Amalekites, and all the mountains, all the mountains, and all the Bashan, even as far as Selach.
12: 13 Thou shalt not go astray, but thou shalt not be ashamed of them, for they are in the midst of the wickedness of the earth, and in the midst of the wickedness of the children, they shall be lifted up, and they shall be left with the sword of the raven.
13:13 13 And they were not afraid, but they were ashamed of the sons of Israel, and they brought the horseshoes out of me, and the waters of the mountains. And he returned to the house of the king, and he went down to the house of the Israelites, and this was the day of the LORD's death.
14: 13 And the LORD hath given him strength, and he hath given strength unto him, and he is not a man; for he is not a man; but he is his wife. The LORD is the God of Israel, the LORD of Israel; the LORD is the God of Israel, as he has done.
15: 13 And they gave her a gift, and she gave her bread, and they gave her bread to their families.
16: 13 And there came to them a multitude of things, and the people of the tribe of Mero, which is the land of the tribe of Shaphat, the son of Nahal, the son of Aaron, and the son of Asher, who is in the midst of the inheritance, and of all the living things, even unto the children of Mordecai.
17: 13 And I will dwell with you, and all the cities shall be filled with water, and there shall be no pestilence, nor shall I go down into the wilderness, nor shall I go down from the wilderness.
18: 13 And the commandment was taken, and it came to pass, and it came to pass.
19:13 And the cold shall be hot, and it shall be hot again, and the remnant of the furnace shall be in the heat of the water.
20:13 And the children of Pharisees, and the women of the Pharisees, and the sons of the Levites were brought together.
21: 13 Cl֙ Ar֣i Hmis֔r and Cֽl-mmlc֗ot Sihon֙ M֣lc Hamr֔i As֥r Ml֖c Bhsb֑on Asr֩ Hc֨h Ms֜h At֣o | and At-nsia֣i Mdi֗n At-ao֤i and At-r֙km֙ and At-tz֤or and At-hor֙ and At-r֔ba Nsic֣i Sih֔on Isb֖i Haֽrtz:
22:13 And the children of Bilu, the son of Ba'ath, the oxen of them, slew them, the sons of Israel, and the people of Israel, in the midst of the fire, unto the fire of their tents.
23: 13 And there was a great multitude among them; they were rebellious; they were rebellious, and they were not, nor were they; they were the sons of the children; they were the children of the children; they were the children of the cities, and the suburbs thereof.
24: 13 And they were numbered of them, and they went down to the children of Gedud for their families.
25:13 13 And they came to them, to the west, and to the south, to Jezreel, and to all the cities of the Galilee, and to the west, and to the land of Adar, the people of Ammon, until the land of Adar, when I saw that I was standing before the LORD,
26: 13 And he that dwelt among them was still in the mountains, and the tribe of Mizpeh, and the sons of Mizmah, and Mizhnah, were on the way to Gibeor,
27: 13 Ba֡mk B֣it Hrm֩ and B֨it Nmr֜h and Sc֣ot and Tzf֗on I֚tr Mmlc֗ot Sihon֙ M֣lc Hsb֔on Hird֖n and Gb֑l Ad-ktzh֙ Im-cn֔rt A֥br Hird֖n Mzrֽhh:
28: 13 And the sons of Gilead came to the children of Gedud for their families, because they were wide awake, and their cities were far from them.
29: 13 And Moses gave her a wife to give her a hundred shekels of men, and she gave her bread to the children of the tribe of Manasseh, because of their inheritance.
30: 13 And there was a great multitude of them, from the camp of the tribe of Koh-al-Habash-e-khan.
31:13 And the people of Galilee went up, and did the same thing, and the people of the land, the cities of their captivity, were ashamed of them, because they knew that the sons of Manasseh were not able to cross, because they were the sons of Israel, because they were not worthy of their families.
32: 13 And I, behold, I will not let Moses go down into the wilderness, nor shall I be afraid of them, but he shall go down to the ground;
33:13 13 And the tribe of Ba֙b֙l֙֙֙֙֔֔ לֽֽ--נ֥֥ מ מ מ מ֖ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑ ח֞ א֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑
‪xxxx  Chapter 14   (15 verses)‬
1: 14 and A֛lh Asr-nhl֥o Bnֽi-isra֖l Ba֣rtz Cn֑an As֨r Nֽhl֜o Aot֗m Alaz֤r Hchn֙ and Ihos֣a Bn-n֔on and Ras֛i Ab֥ot Hmt֖ot Lbn֥i Israֽl:
2: 14 In the midst of the greatness of the inheritance of the children, as the wife of the LORD commanded the LORD, the LORD was in the house of Moses, for she was nine hundred, and she was the captain of the women, and she cut down the rain;
3:14 So, when the people of Moses were born, they began to fall asleep, and the gates of the rain were still high, and the rain was hot, and the water was still rising, and they came to them, and they did not come to them.
4: 14 Cֽi-hi֧o Bnֽi-ios֛f Sn֥i Mt֖ot Mns֣h and Afr֑im and Lֽa-ntno֩ H֨lk Lloi֜m Ba֗rtz C֤i Am-arim֙ Ls֔bt and M֨grsih֔m Lmknih֖m and Lkninֽm:
5: 14 As the commandment of the LORD hath been fulfilled, the LORD hath given up the people of Israel, so that the children of Israel have done so, and they have been brought to the land of Israel, and the people of Israel have come to the land of Israel.
6: 14 Igs֨o Bnֽi-ihod֤h Al-ihos֙a֙ Bglg֔l and I֣amr Al֔io Cl֥b Bn-ifn֖h Hknz֑i At֣h Id֡at Aֽt-hdbr֩ Asr-db֨r Iho֜h Al-ms֣h Ais-halh֗im A֧l Adot֛i and A֥l Adot֖ic Bkd֥s Brnֽa:
7:14 Ben-Arba, the son of Abraham, who is in charge of the land of Moses, who is in the hands of the LORD, is the one who is with him; he is the one who sanctified the land, and the man who is with him, is the one who is with him;
8: 14 And my brother, I will go down, and go up against me, even with me, and I will melt away the land of the people, and I will bring you up. Then I will be with you again, after the LORD, may God have mercy on you.
9: 14 and Isb֣a Ms֗h Bi֣om Hhoa֮ Lamr֒ Am-l֗a Ha֙rtz֙ As֨r Drc֤h Rglc֙ B֔h Lc֨ Tֽhi֧h Lnhl֛h and Lbn֖ic Ad-aol֑m C֣i Ml֔at Ahr֖i Iho֥h Alhֽi:
10: 14 At֗h Hnh֩ Hhi֨h LORD | Aoti֮ Cas֣r Dbr֒ Zh֩ Arba֨im and Hm֜s Sn֗h M֠az Db֨r Iho֜h At-hdb֤r Hzh֙ Al-ms֔h Asr-hl֥c Isra֖l Bmdb֑r and Ath֙ Hn֣h Anc֣i Hi֔om Bn-hm֥s and Smon֖im Snֽh:
11: 14 O my son, I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will give you my strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give it to you.
12: 14 At֗h Tnh-li֙ At-hh֣r Hz֔h Asr-db֥r Iho֖h Bi֣om Hh֑oa C֣i Atֽh-smat֩ Bi֨om Hh֜oa Cֽi-ank֣im S֗m and Arim֙ Gdl֣ot Btzr֔ot Aol֨i Iho֤h Aoti֙ and H֣orst֔im Cas֖r Db֥r Ihoֽh:
13:14 And YHWH, the son of Yֹהוש֑֑֑֑֑, brought him to Israel, and brought them to the land of Koh֛ לְn, to all the sons of Japunah, to Nahlaֽ.
14: 14 Therefore, behold, there was a covenant among the sons of Jephunneh, the son of Nephon, the son of Nezah, the son of David, the son of Nahal, the son of David, the son of Nahshon, of Zechariah, of the tribe of Zechariah, of Zechariah, of Nazareth, of Asher, the son of Levi, of Ahadaih, of Ahadaih, of Yahweh, of God, of God, and of Israel.
15: 14 And when they were buried, they were before the children, and the people of the tribe of Israel went up against them, and the great ones went up to them in the wilderness, and the land was empty, and the land was quiet, and the land was quiet.
‪xxxx  Chapter 15   (63 verses)‬
1:15 And it came to pass, that the LORD had given birth to Meath, the son of Jehoiu, the son of Jehoah, the son of the son of G֨b, and their descendants, the people of Mebarbar, their descendants, and their families, and their families.
2: 15 And they came unto them, saying unto them, G-d is the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe.
3:15 And he went out of the way, and went up to the mountains of Ekarabim, and he overcame Tziona, and over it, he turned away from Gibeon, and Bashan, and Arad, and Hebron, and Adarah, and Ada, and Nezab, the Korak, and Zerah.
4:15 And Abar the son of Azzam came out, and came out of the midst of them, and they came out of Mizrah. * והיהו והי֛יו֛ו תצצ֥א֥ה הגבגּב הַּה הגבּ֖ב יּה הגהגּב יה הגבגּה֥ה לכת֖ם גם גּ֥בּ֥ל נ נֽבֶּב:ב
5:15 And Gvul, the captain of the tribe of Judah, went up to the house of the king of the tribe of Adh, the king of the tribe of Judah, and he returned to the land, and he returned to the land of the tribe of Zephyr.
6:15 And upon him the mighty one, the son of Hagar, the son of Hagar, the son of Reuben, and the son of Aarab, the son of Aarab, and the son of Reuben;
7: 15 and Al֨h Hgb֥ol | Dbrh֮ Ma֣mk Acor֒ and Tzf֜onh Fn֣h Al-hglg֗l Asr-n֙ch֙ Lmal֣h Adm֔im As֥r Mn֖gb Ln֑hl and Ab֤r Hgbol֙ Al-mi-a֣in S֔ms and Hi֥o Ttzat֖io Al-a֥in Rgֽl:
8: 15 and Al֨h Hgb֜ol G֣i Bn-hn֗m Al-c֤tf Hibosi֙ Mn֔gb H֖ia Irֽosl֑m and Al֨h Hgb֜ol Al-r֣as Hh֗r A֠sr Al-fn֤i Gֽi-hnm֙ I֔mh As֛r Bktz֥h Aֽmk-rfa֖im Tzfֽnh:
9: 15 And the mighty one came up to him, saying, "Behold, I will not go down!" He said, "Do not go down to Me!" And he said to him, "Do not go up to the mountain." "The mountains of Galilee are full of mountains!" "The people of Israel are here, they are the villages, and the cities are the cities of Israel."
10: 15 And he went up to the back of the hill, and went down from the midst of the sea, and he went to the house of the LORD, and he returned to the city of Tire, and he returned to the house of the king, and the people of Meron were afraid of them, and the people of Mizpah were afraid of them, and they came to the land of Zion, and the land of the tribe of Simeon was destroyed.
11: 15 And he went up to the south, to the north, to the north, to the north, and to the south, to the south, and to the south, and to the south, to the south, and to the south, and to the south, and to the south, and to the south, and to the south, to the south.
12: 15 And Gvul, the father of the children of the tribe of Gilead and of Gilead, of Zeus, of Gilead, of Boulath, of Jehoiada, of Judah, of Sabaib, of Mesopotamia, of them.
13:15 And all the sons of Nephunim, the sons of Nephthah, the son of Jephthah, the daughter of Noah, the son of Jehoiada, the son of Jehudah, the son of Eli, the son of Jehoiath, the son of Levi, the son of Jehoiu, the son of Levi, the son of Shapiro,
14: 15 And there was a tenth of the name of all the men of the tribe of Shelah, the son of the son of Anas, that of Shesh, and of Ahimeen, and of Talmah, of Yalid, of Hatham.
15:15 And he went up to them, saying, "Do not sit down, do not be angry, and there they shall be buried before you."
16: 15 And he said, All the people of Israel, which gave thee the cry of the sword, and unto her hand, and brought it to him, and brought him to the throne of the house;
17: 15 And he went up to the house of the son of Athena, and the son of Kenan, the son of Zechariah, and all the children of Israel, and he gave him his house, and he gave his daughter to his wife.
18:15 And he came in, and brought him to him, and made him go astray, and he took him away from the house of the father of his father, so that he might go to the land of the LORD, and he came out of the house of the king, and he was burned, and he said unto him, All of you are full of things.
19: 15 And thou shalt say unto me, Thou shalt not dwell in thy land, because when the land of the people is gone, thou shalt give me strength, and I will give it to thee: for there is no greatness, and there is no greatness, and there is no greatness, but a greatness, a greatness, a greatness, and a greatness, and greatness.
20: 15 And Moses said unto them, Behold, thou shalt bring down the children of Yahweh unto them, for they are the families of their families.
21: 15 And he said unto me, Behold, thou shalt not be satisfied; for it is not a commandment, but a mortal, a son of Yahweh, Yahweh, a son of Abraham, a son of a mighty man, a man of valor, a son of a mighty man, a captain of valor, and a man of valor.
22:15 And they gave her strength, and they gave her strength to her, and she gave her up.
23: 15 And the people of Hadash and Hazar were strangers, and they gave them strength.
24: 15 And the children of the tribe of Israel went astray;
25: 15 And the half-moon of the house of the king of Israel, the wall of the mountains;
26: 15 And when they were full, they went up, and bore the children.
27: 15 And Hagar, the son of Gadam, and Hashim, and Johan, and Phi Phalethel;
28: 15 And the one who was sick went astray, and came to the house of the tribe of Sheba, and their villages, and their villages.
29: 15 And he went up with me;
30: 15 And to Atol, the king of Galilee, and the city of Haram.
31:15 And the king of the Chaldeans, and of Midan, the son of Susannah, came to him.
32: 15 And they came, and sent them, and sent them; and they went up, and made them whole: they were nine hundred, and they were three hundred and thirty.
Verse 33: 15 And the people of Israel, and the people of Zerah, and Eshenna.
34: 15 And the children of Israel were with them, and they were not jealous of them, neither were their hearts, nor their eyes.
35: 15 Thou shalt not go down into the land;
36: 15 And the time of the generations was gone, and the glory was upon them, and the greatness of them was upon them: the cities of Arba, the cities of Nazareth, and the cities thereof.
37: 15 And the children of Judah, and the great ones;
38: 15 And Deleuah 17, and the Mizpah, and they were cut off.
39: 15 And there was a sheep, and a sheep, and a tree, and a tree.
40: 15 And Abbaun and Hamathas, and the tribe of Ishath.
41: 15 And Gedar the father of the house of the fish of Zion, and Naamah, and sanctified it, the cities of the sixteenth century, and the suburbs thereof.
42: 15 To build her, and to the west, and to do the same thing.
43: 15 And Yiftach died, and his wife was victorious;
44: 15 And he and Leah, and all the men of the tribe, and the chief of the people, were the cities of Nineveh, and Hazeriah, because of them.
45: 15 And the sons of her sons, and her sons, and her children:
46: 15 From the depths of the mountains: and there is a great multitude, which is high above the trees, and their trees are narrow.
47: 15 Ashes, and his sons, and his sons, and her sons, and her sons, and her children, and her children, even unto them, and the children of Israel, and their families, were the children of Judah.
48: 15 And the rain was bright, and it was bright, and they were lying down.
49: 15 And Dan said, And the sackcloth of Sennon came to pass;
50: 15 And they turned away, and put them to shame, and made them angry.
51: 15 And Goshen, and Ziloh, and Gilead were naked, and they were in the midst of the land of Israel, and the cities thereof were their cities.
52: 15 Arub, and Meromah, and Esau.
53: 15 * And the children were, and they were in the house, and the house of the tree, and the apocrypha.
54: 15 And he hath humbled himself, and hath come to pass, and multiply;
55: 15 What is the meaning of the vineyard? וזז֥י וב וּוֽטֽה:ה::
56: 15 And Zeraiel begged, and he became aware of them;
57: 15 And the people of Gibeah, and Thamnah, the cities of Ezer, and her suburbs, were there.
58: 15 And the son of Saul came into the house of Zoroaster,
59: 15 And it came to pass, and they came to the house of Atonement, and they came to them, and they were naked, and they were there, and they were cut off from them.
60: 15 And he cried unto the children of Israel: they are the children of the children of Israel; they are the inhabitants of the cities; and they are the ones who have mercy on them; they are the cities of Samaria, and the cities of Hazoriah.
61: 15 In the wilderness, the land of the land of the Arava is a city, and there is no place for your land.
62: 15 And the sheep were there, and the city of the dead was gone, and the people of the mountains were still awake, and the cities were closed, and they were there.
63: 15 And the Jebusites, the inhabitants of Jerusalem, the inhabitants of Jerusalem, the inhabitants of the land of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Judah, the inhabitants of the land of Judah, the inhabitants of the land of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Judah.
‪xxxx  Chapter 16   (10 verses)‬
1:16 And the young man came up to Gilon, and he added to Joseph, saying, Mordecai, let his inheritance go out, and he will not be afraid. The inheritance will be upon him, and there will be no escape from the land of the LORD.
2:16 And he brought it out of the house of Elisha, to Zuzah, and went up to Gibeel, and to Saul,
3:16 And the Lord, the Lord, sent down unto the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, and the mighty;
4:16 And the sons of Josah took pity on her, because of his wife, and her children.
5: 16 And there was a great multitude, a son, and a son of Ephraim, and their families, and their families, and they were there, and the people of the tribe of Nahalath were far from Mezron, the city of Atar, and the cities of Adar;
6: 16 And the people of Haggab, the sons of the mighty, went up against them, and the people of the tribe of Mizpah, and of the tribe of Haggab, of Zohl, of Mizrah, of Taha, of Zilah, of Zechariah, and of Obarath, of Mizrah, of Mizrah, of Jezreel, of Judah.
7: 16 And there came to me a tree, a tree of vines, and its trees; and it came to pass, and it came to pass by its fire, and it came to pass, that they were low.
8: 16 And his disciples, the mighty men of the tribe of Ephraim, went up to the house of Ephraim, saying, "Behold, I will go to the house of Ephraim, and I will be with you."
9: 16 And the cities, the separate ones, are the children of the children of Ephraim, the daughter of the children of Nakhl, the sons of Manasseh, the sons of the children of Nazareth, and the cities of her cities.
10: 16 And they shall not be afraid; they shall bear witness to the people of the land, and the people of the land shall return to the land of Galilee, and they shall return to the land of Canaan, and they shall return to the land of Ephraim.
‪xxxx  Chapter 17   (18 verses)‬
1: 17 and Ih֤i Hgorl֙ Lmt֣h Mns֔h Ci-h֖oa Bc֣or Ios֑f Lmcir֩ Bc֨or Mns֜h Ab֣i Hgla֗d C֣i H֤oa Hih֙ A֣is Mlhm֔h and ֽihi-l֖o Hgla֥d and Hbsֽn:
2: 17 ֠ihi Lbn֨i Mns֥h Hnotrim֮ Lmsfhtm֒ Lbn֨i Abia֜zr and Lbni-h֗lk and Lbn֤i Asrial֙ and Lbni-s֔cm and Lbni-h֖fr and Lbn֣i Smid֑a A֠lh Bn֨i Mns֧h Bn-ios֛f Hzcr֖im Lmsfhtֽm:
3: 17 Ltzlfhd֩ Bn-h֨fr Bn-gla֜d Bn-mc֣ir Bn-mns֗h La-h֥io L֛o Bn֖im C֣i Am-bn֑ot and A֙lh֙ Sm֣ot Bnt֔io Mhl֣h and Na֔h Hgl֥h Mlc֖h and Trtzֽh:
4: 17 Tkr֡bnh Lfni֩ Alaz֨r Hch֜n and Lfn֣i | Ihos֣a Bn-n֗on and Lfn֤i Hnsiaim֙ Lam֔r Ihoh֙ Tzo֣h At-ms֔h Lֽtt-l֥no Nhl֖h Bt֣oc Ah֑ino and It֨n Lh֜m Al-f֤i Ihoh֙ Nֽhl֔h Bt֖oc Ah֥i Abihֽn:
5: 17 And he went down to him, and he was ashamed of me, because of the man of the land of Galilee, and of the land of the captivity, and of them that were as they were, and of them they went down to the ground.
6:17 When the sons of the women of Manasseh came to him, Noah began to look at him, the daughter of his daughters, his sons, and his children, and the children of Gilead, who were given to the sons of Manasseh, because they were the sons of the children of Nazareth.
7:17 And there was a great multitude of men, and a great multitude, and a mighty man, a mighty man;
8: 17 To Manasseh, there was a tree, and a tree, a tree, a tree, and a tree, a tree, a tree, a tree, and a tree.
9: 17 Ir֣d Hgbol֩ N֨hl Kn֜h N֣gbh Ln֗hl Ar֤im Ha֙lh֙ Lafr֔im Bt֖oc Ar֣i Mns֑h and Gb֤ol Mnsh֙ Mtzf֣on Ln֔hl and Ih֥i Ttzat֖io Hiֽmh:
10: 17 He went back to Ephrath, and Zippo, and Zonah, to Manashah, and to Jehoiu, whereupon they were gathered, and he returned, and in the midst of them, the people of the tribe of Zephaniah went out, and the land of Mizrah, and Mizrah, came out of Mizrah.
11: 17 Ih֨i Lmns֜h Bissc֣r and Bas֗r Bit-sa֣n and ֠bnotih and Ibla֨m and Bnot֜ih and ֽat-isb֧i D֣ar and Bnot֗ih and Isb֤i Aֽin-dr֙ and Bnt֔ih and Isb֤i Tanc֙ and Bnt֔ih and Isb֥i Mgd֖o and Bnot֑ih Sl֖st Hnֽft:
12: 17 And they shall not be consumed, but the sons of men shall be ashamed of them, and they shall not be ashamed of the people, but they shall be filled with bread; and they shall be filled with bread. And the wine shall be given to them, so that the seed may be brought in the house of this seed.
13:17 And he said unto them, Behold, I am the son of the king, and I will bring thee to the house; and the children of Israel shall come to him, and they shall not go down.
14: 17 ֽidbro֙ Bn֣i Ios֔f At-ihos֖a Lam֑r Mdoa֩ Nt֨th L֜i Nhl֗h Gor֤l Ahd֙ and H֣bl Ah֔d and ֽan֣i Am-r֔b A֥d Asr-ad-c֖h Bֽrc֥ni Ihoֽh:
15: 17 And Moses said unto them, Ye is, O LORD, I am with thee, thou art the LORD thy God, and I will see thee, and I will be with thee, and I will see you, and I will give thee strength, and I will see for thee, that which is in them, in the land of the people of the land, and in the land of the people.
16: 17 Iֽamro֙ Bn֣i Ios֔f Lֽa-im֥tza L֖no Hh֑r and R֣cb Brz֗l Bcl-hֽcnani֙ His֣b Baֽrtz-ha֔mk Lֽas֤r Bbit-san֙ and Bnot֔ih and Lֽas֖r Ba֥mk Izraֽal:
17:17 And the LORD said unto him, Behold, I am the son of Joseph, the son of Joseph the son of Ephraim, and the man of the tribe of Amor, the people of Reuben, and Thou, and the king of Gedol, the Lord of Thy God, the Lord of the World, is the Lord.
18: 17 And when the LORD said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go, but thou shalt not be afraid; and thou shalt be afraid of him, and he is thy servant; for thou art thirsty; and he hath been with thee, so that he may be thirsty.
‪xxxx  Chapter 18   (28 verses)‬
1:18 And it came to pass, that all the sons of Israel were gathered together, that the children of Israel were with them, and that they had received them, and that they had given them up, and that they had not come, and that the land had been destroyed, and they were ashamed of them before them.
2: 18 And they said, Behold, I am in the midst of the children of Israel, but I will not be afraid of them, neither shall I be afraid of them, neither shall I be afraid of them.
3:18 And Joshua said unto them, Son of sons, I pray thee, I pray thee, even unto the children of Israel, when thou hast come to them, they shall not be thirsty, but they shall come unto thee, that thou shalt bring down the earth, which they have given unto them, that they may be, O LORD, O God, O God,
4:18 And they, the men of the tribe of Israel, turned to them, saying, "Behold, they have not lost their wives, and they have been put to death, and they have been put to death, and they have come to you in the land, and you have been blessed, because you have given them up to them, because they have been afraid of them, and they have returned to them."
5:18 And it was divided into seven, and it was seven hundred years, and they were three hundred years: Yahweh, the son of David, is the captain of the tribe of Giboel, the son of Gibeon, and the son of Joseph, the captain of the tribe of Judah, who is on the mighty side of the city of Mizpah.
6: 18 And ye shall not sit down, and they shall be the people of the land, and they shall be seven hundred, and they shall be destroyed; and the LORD shall bring them forth: for they are not, but they are the LORD, and I have given them to them, so that they may be turned down, and they shall be turned to the face of the LORD. God is our God.
7: 18 C֠i Aֽin-h֤lk Lloim֙ Bkrbc֔m Cֽi-chn֥t Iho֖h Nhlt֑o and G֡d and Raob֡n and Htzi֩ S֨bt Hֽmns֜h Lkh֣o Nhlt֗m Ma֤br Lirdn֙ Mzr֔hh Asr֙ Nt֣n Lh֔m Ms֖h A֥bd Ihoֽh:
8: 18 Ik֥mo Hans֖im and Il֑co and Itz֣o Ihos֡a At-hhlcim֩ Lct֨b At-ha֜rtz Lam֗r L֠co and Hthlc֨o Ba֜rtz and Ctb֤o Aoth֙ and S֣obo Al֔i and ֠fh Asl֨ic Lc֥m Gor֛l Lfn֥i Iho֖h Bslֽh:
9:18 And he went on, saying, "Behold, the men are the men, and the people of the land have come to the land, and they have given it to the people of the land, to the people of Sheba, and they have turned away from the people of Saphor, and they have come to the house of Yahweh to go to the land of the Mishnah, for it is theirs."
10: 18 And Jehoashoah came to them, and Jehoshuiah was jealous of her, because she had turned her face to the LORD, and they had given them their inheritance: Jehoshuah made the land for the children of Israel, and the people of Israel were like the children of Mahlakatham.
11: 18 And the children of Gorel, the sons of Mantah, the sons of the sons of Beneam, went up to them for their inheritance, and when they came out, they went up to Gilboa, and they were there, because they were not in the house, but Jehoahadah was there, and there was no son in the house.
12: 18 Ih֨i Lh֧m Hgb֛ol Lfa֥t Tzf֖onh Mn-hird֑n and Al֣h Hgbol֩ Al-c֨tf Irih֜o Mtzf֗on and Al֤h Bhr֙ was I֔mh * and ** and Hio֙ Tֽtzat֔io Mdb֖rh B֥it Aֽon:
13:18 And when he went up to the house of the king of Galilee, he said to him, "Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go."
14: 18 Ta֣r Hgbol֩ and Ns֨b Lfat-i֜m N֗gbh Mn-hhr֙ As֨r Al-fn֥i Bit-hron֮ was Ngbh֒ * and ** and Hi֣o Tֽtzat֗io Al-krit-b֙al֙ H֚ia Kri֣t Iar֔im A֖ir Bn֣i Ihod֑h Z֖at Fat-iֽm:
15: 18 And the people of the tribe of Gibeah, of Mektzah, of Kiriyah, of the city of Joram, and of Zechariah, of Gathul, of Jahmah, and of Mizah, of El-Ma'ai, of Nehemiah, of Nephthah, of Judah.
16: 18 Ir֨d Hgb֜ol Al-ktz֣h Hh֗r Asr֙ Al-fni֙ G֣i Bn-hn֔m As֛r Ba֥mk Rfa֖im Tzf֑onh and Ird֩ G֨i Hn֜m Al-c֤tf Hibosi֙ N֔gbh and Ir֖d A֥in Rgֽl:
17:18 And it came to pass, that the people of Mizpah came out, and came out of the midst of the land of Gilboa, and went out to Gilgil, and there was a land that was there, and there was no land, and there was no son, nor son, nor son, nor son of Reuben;
18:18 And he went up to the house of the king, saying, 'The people of the land, the people of Zion, the people of Zion, and the land of the land of Israel.'
19: 18 Ab֨r Hgb֜ol Al-c֣tf Bit-hglh֮ was Tzfonh֒ * and ** and Hi֣o | * Ttzaotio ** Ttza֣ot Hgb֗ol Al-ls֤on Im-hm֙lh֙ Tzf֔onh Al-ktz֥h Hird֖n N֑gbh Z֖h Gb֥ol Nֽgb:
20:18 And He turned down his tongue, and turned away his face, and gave it to the children of the sons of the sons of Naim, because they had turned their backs on them, and they turned their backs on their families.
21:18 And they were the sons of the children of Hagghel, and the Amazites of Kitzitz, the sons of Haggul.
22:18 And the children of the tribe of Arbaab were victorious, and Zamar grew up.
23: 18 And the people were afraid, and the people were gone, and the people were gone.
24: 18 And the people of the tribe of Ammon, the children of Ammonah, and the tribe of Naphtali, and the inhabitants of the cities of Nazareth, and the cities of Nazareth.
25: 18 He hath cursed them, and they have gone up against them, and they have come to rest.
26: 18 And the tribe of Zephaniah, and the kufir, her father, and her father-in-law.
27:18 And he rose up, and rose up, and trembled, and feared her.
28: 18 Tzl֡a Ha֜lf and Hibos֨i [c] H֤ia Irֽosl֙m֙ Gba֣t Kri֔t Ar֥im Arbֽa-asr֖h and Htzrih֑n Z֛at Nֽhl֥t Bnֽi-bnim֖n Lmsfhtֽm: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 19   (51 verses)‬
1: 19 And the king, the mighty one, went up to the two of them, to hear the voice of the children, and he gave them to the children of the children of Israel, and they gave them to the families of their families, and they were there, and the children of their families were there.
2: 19 And they came to them, because they were in the midst of the inheritance of them, because they were in the land of the land of Sheba, and their land was destroyed, and their children were destroyed.
3:19 And the son of Zu'al, the son of Baal, came up,
4:19 And unto Atol, they came, and went down, and burned it.
5:19 And the king came to the house, and the house of the chariot went up, and the gate of her house was broken.
6:19 And it came to pass, that the women came, and that they were in the midst of them, that they were thirty-nine, and that they were half of them.
7:19 And the children of Meron, and the tribe of Asar, and Esau, the cities of Aron, Arba, and Hazariah, were there.
8:19 19 And all the men of the world were gathered together, and the captives were not the LORD, but they were raised up in the midst of the children of Israel, and they were not in the house of the LORD, but they were in the midst of the land of Israel, and the people of the land of Israel were in the land of Israel, and they were not in the land of Israel.
9: 19 Who is the son of Abraham, son of Yahweh, son of Yahweh, of Nahshon? Son of son, he who hears the voice of the children of Israel, because he is the son of Judah, the son of Judah, the son of Jehoiada, the son of Yahweh, the son of Yahweh, of the sons of Yahweh, of blessed memory, and of the children of Israel, of the children of Israel, of the children of Israel, of the children of Israel, of Nahlatham.
10: 19 And the children of Hagor went up to the house of the Shilohites, and the children of the tribe of Zebulu, 17 of them, to their families, and to them, and to them, and to the tribe of Nahalath, even unto them.
11: 19 And the people of Gibeel, the son of Levi, went up to the house of the king of Israel, and the people of Pharisees returned to the house of the tribe of Israel, and the people of the land went astray.
12: 19 And it was in the midst of the flesh of the east, that there was a wall of water on the south side of the river, which was on the south side of the river, and that it was not covered with water, and it came out to the LORD, and it came to pass, and it went up to Yapaiah.
13:19 And when they were gone, they were born, and the people of Mizrah were there, and the people of Gethsemane were afraid of them, and the people of the land were burned, and they were burned, and they were burned, and the fire was broken, and the fire was broken.
14:19 And his son, the captain of the tribe, went up to him, saying, "Behold, you have been saved, and you have been saved, and you have been saved."
15:19 And the children of Israel went up, and saved the children of Israel, and they came to Judah, and they returned to the city of Rehovot, and they remained there for twenty years, and their cities were deserted.
16:19 And the sons of the sons of Zebulah, the sons of Zebulah, were numbered 17 for their families, because they were rebellious, and the children of Israel were strangers to them.
17: 19 The LORD, the Lord, is the one who is mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Most High,
18: 19 And there was a great multitude, but they were not afraid; and they were afraid, and they were ashamed, and they were hated.
19: 19 And the land was broken, and the land was ripe, and it was there.
20:19 And he that hath a great multitude, and a straw, and a sheep, and a sheep;
21:19 And he saw the eyes of the children, and the eyes of the garden were gone, and they were not alone;
22: 19 And it came to pass, that the back of the wall was in the midst of the wall of the river, and that it had been burned, and that it had been destroyed, and that it was there, that there were six hundred, and six hundred, and four hundred, seven hundred, thirty cubits, twelve cubits, twelve cubits, and six cubits.
23: 19 And behold, Nahla, the daughter of Mittah, is a son of Benjamin, the son of Issachar, whose name is Mesopotamia, and their cities are the cities, and the suburbs thereof.
24: 19 And the king came out, and brought him up to him, and he went to the house of the king, and he returned to them, and he returned to them.
25: 19 And there was a great multitude, but they were not strong, and they came to them, and they were in the midst of wine, and the fish of the sword.
26: 19 And your mother, your servant, and your mother, and your mother, and the children of the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
27: 19 And he went back to Mizrah, the fifth day of the month, and the second day of the month of Zippon, when he was angry with the children of Zebulun, and in the valley of Jabotinsky, he opened up his house, and went up to the house of the tribe of Israel, and he came to the house, and he went away, and went to the house of the tribe of Mesopotamia.
28: 19 And Abram said, And Rehoboob and Hamonon;
29: 19 And the mighty man, the mighty one, rose up, and went down from the wilderness of Tire, and the mighty returned to the land of Hasevah. And they were, and they were their descendants, and the people of the land were there.
30: 19 And it came to pass, and it came to pass, and to the west, and to the west, and to the west, and to the west, and to the west, and to the west, and to the west thereof.
31: 19 And I will bring you forth, that is, I will bring you forth: the children of Israel, the people of Israel, and the families of their families, the cities of the cities, the land of Israel, and the cities of Nazareth.
32: 19 The children of Naphtali, the children of the children of Hagar, of the tribe of Levi, of Laban, of Naphtali, of the tribe of Mesopotamia.
33:19 And they, behold, they were mighty, but they were not circumcised, but they were not in the midst of the fire, but they were still, and they were in the line, and they were born to them, until they were burned, and they came, and they came out, and they went down to the ground.
34: 19 And the heart of the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty.
35: 19 And he lifted up the fire from the side of the wall, and saw it, and the fire was empty, and the vineyard was there.
36: 19 And he came up to him, and he lifted it up, and he cut it down.
37:19 And he gave up his name, and he gave it to me;
38: 19 And they saw the greatness of the greatness of their fathers, and they came to the house of Athen, and they returned to the city of Samaria five days after the tenth of the nineteenth century, and the fortresses of it were there.
39: 19 And you shall not be ashamed, but they shall be put to death, and they shall be given to the people of the land, and they shall not be destroyed.
40: 19 And the children of the children brought them to their families, but the children of the tribe of Gilead turned to the seven of them.
41: 19 And it came to pass, that the tribe of Nahalath was there, that they were thirsty, and that they were thirsty, and that the fire of the sun was over.
42: 19 And the sabbath shall be filled with wine, and the yoke shall come forth;
43: 19 And thou shalt not be circumcised, and thou shalt be circumcised, and be stubborn;
44: 19 And she came to her, and gave her strength, and gave her strength, and to her husband.
45: 19 And the sons of the sons of the sons of Bereshit, and Gath of Ramon,
46: 19 And what is it that is green, and that is, and that is, the earth, and the earth, and the earth, and the earth, and the earth;
47: 19 Itz֥a Gbol-bni-d֖n Mh֑m and Ial֣o Bnֽi-d֠n and Ilhm֨o Am-l֜sm and Ilcd֥o Aot֣h | and Ic֧o Aot֣h Lfi-h֗rb and Iֽrs֤o Aoth֙ and I֣sbo B֔h and Ikra֤o Ll֙sm֙ D֔n Cs֖m D֥n Abihֽm:
48: 19 And behold, Nahlath, the daughter of the children of Dan, is the son of David; for they are the families of the children; they are the children of the children, and the children of the children of Israel.
49: 19 And they were able to inherit the land, to fight against it, and they gave it to the sons of Israel, so that Nahuela came to Jehoshu֥a son of N֖֖֖ ב בn in their midst.
50: 19 For the LORD, O LORD, hath given us strength to give up the city, but as a woman, he hath taken away the inheritance of the serpent in the land of Ephrath. And he built the land of the fire, and he returned to it.
51: 19 A֣lh Hnhl֡t As֣r Nhl֣o Alaz֣r Hch֣n | and Ihos֪a Bn-n֟on and Ras֣i Hֽab֣ot Lmtot֩ Bni-isra֨l | Bgor֤l | Bslh֙ Lfn֣i Iho֔h F֖th A֣hl Moa֑d and Icl֕o Mֽhl֖k At-haֽrtz: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 20   (9 verses)‬
1:20 And Yahweh, the son of Jehu, went up to Amor.
2:20 Thou shalt not go down unto the children of Israel, but let the children of Israel come to you, and I will bring you to the land of Israel, and I will bring them to you, and I will bring them into the land of Israel.
3: 20 Let us go to the house of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, and the people of the house of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the Universe.
4: 20 N֞s Al-ah֣t | Mhar֣im Ha֗lh and Amd֙ F֚th S֣ar Ha֔ir and Db֛r Bazn֛i Zkn֥i-haֽir [p] Hh֖ia ​​At-dbr֑io and Asf֨o At֤o Ha֙irh֙ Alih֔m and Ntno-l֥o Mk֖om and Is֥b Amֽm:
5:20 And they went down to the gallows of the blood of the blood, and they came to him, and they brought him to the ground, and they took him away, and they took away the desire of the children of his children, because they were in the midst of the children of the house, and they smote the people of him, and they did not drink.
6: 20 Is֣b | Ba֣ir Hh֗ia Ad-amd֞o Lfn֤i Hֽadh֙ Lmsf֔t Ad-mot֙ Hch֣n Hgd֔ol As֥r Ihi֖h Bim֣im Hh֑m A֣z | Is֣ob Hrotz֗h and B֤a Al-airo֙ and Al-bit֔o Al-ha֖ir Asr-n֥s Msֽm:
7:20 And he brought them to the house of the captain of the tribe of Baghil, in the city of Naphtal, and their captivity, in the midst of Ephrath, and the Koriites, and the people of Arba, the cities of Hebron, and the cities of Judah, and Judah.
8: 20 Ma֜br Lird֤n Iriho֙ Mzr֔hh Ntn֞o At-b֧tzr Bmdb֛r Bmis֖r Mmt֣h Raob֑n and At-ram֤t Bglad֙ Mmth-g֔d and At- * ** Gol֥n Bbs֖n gallon Mmt֥h Mnsֽh:
9: 20 A֣lh Hio֩ Ar֨i Hmֽoad֜h Lc֣l | Bn֣i Isra֗l and Lgr֙ Hg֣r Btoc֔m Ln֣os S֔mh Cl-mch-n֖fs Bsgg֑h and L֣a Im֗ot Bid֙ Ga֣l Hd֔m Ad-amd֖o Lfn֥i Hadֽh: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 21   (45 verses)‬
1:21 And the people of the tribe of Rosh Hashanah came to them, saying, 'Come to me, I pray thee, I will go to the house of Elazar, and I will go to the house of the son of Nun, and to the chief of the house, I will bring the signs of death to the children of Israel.'
2:21 And David spoke unto her, saying, Behold, she is in the midst of the land of Canaan, that is, the Lord, the LORD, the LORD, is the commandment of the children of Israel, because she is the daughter of the children of Israel, and they are the inhabitants of the land, and of the land of her inheritance, because they have not given birth to their daughters.
3:21 And the sons of Israel gave themselves to them, and they came to them, saying, "I will not let them go to the house of the LORD." The LORD said to her, "I have raised up the cities with you, and I have sent them to their land."
4: 21 Itz֥a Hgor֖l Lmsfh֣t Hkht֑i and Ih֡i Lbni֩ Ahr֨n Hch֜n Mn-hloi֗m Mmt֣h I֠hodh and Mmt֨h Hsman֜i and Mmt֤h Bnimn֙ Bgor֔l Ar֖im Sl֥s Asrֽh: S.
5:21 And the sons of the sons of Kohath, the sons of the sons of Nathar, of the tribe of Mesopotamia, of the tribe of Aphrodite, of the tribe of Ephraim, and of the tribe of Mihtah, of the tribe of Mizrah, of Mantah, of Manasseh, of Baghor, of the tribe of Arar;
6: 21 Lbn֣i Grs֗on Mmsfh֣ot Mtֽh-issc֣r and Mmtֽh-a֠sr and Mmt֨h Nftl֜i and ֠mhtzi Mt֨h Mns֤h Bbsn֙ Bgor֔l Ar֖im Sl֥s Asrֽh: S.
7: 21 And to me they are bitter; they are not in their families, but they are full of hope, and they are great; they are great; and they have given them bread, and they have given them food, which they have given to them.
8: 21 And the sons of Israel, the children of Israel, gave to them, and they brought them to the land of Israel, and to them that were uprooted, because as the LORD had commanded her, the LORD was with her in the hand of Moses, even in the land of Goral.
9:21 And Vayitn, the son of Mihtah, the son of Jehoiada, the son of Yahweh, and the son of Mamath, the son of Israel, heard the voice of the children of Israel, saying, "Behold, I will bring it to you, but I will not be afraid of you."
10: 21 And I will be the son of the sons of Israel, and I will be with you, for they are the children of the tribe of Israel, and they are the sons of the children of Israel.
11: 21 And they gave it to them, but they did not come to him, but they were angry with them, because they were angry with them, and they were angry with them, because they were not afraid of them, because they were afraid of the LORD, and of their roots, because they surrounded them.
12: 21 And the fire of the fire, and the fire of the fire, and the fire of it, they gave it to all the children of the son of Jephunneh, because they were in the possession of their wives.
13: 21 And Laban the son of Ahadu, the son of Hachamah, the son of Nunu, and of the city of Ekhel, the king of the tribe of Anbar, and Nahshon, and Naharath, and Naharath, and Judah.
14: 21 And Jephthar, and Gershon, and Judah, and Edith, and Gerash, her grandfather.
15: 21 And the king of Gilead, and Gershon, and Judah, and Edgar, and Gerash;
16: 21 And the threshing-table, and the root of it, and the garden of the garden, and the garden of the garden, the house of the king, and the garden of the trees, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, and the mountains.
17: 21 And Mimeh, the son of Benjamin, slew the tribe of Gennon, and Gathash, and Gathba, and Gareth, his grandfather.
18: 21 And I saw the turtles, and the sheep, the sheep, and the sheep, and the trees, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, and the mountains.
19:21 All of them are in the midst of the sons of Aaron, because they are thirty-nine, thirty-nine, and thirty-nine;
20:21 And to the tribe of the daughters of Israel, the children of Kohath, the children of the Levites, came to them, and the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of Kohath, were there children of the children of the tribe of Kohath?
21:21 21 And they gave to them, and they brought them out of the house of the king, and they took their inheritance, and the root of the land thereof, in the midst of Ephrath, and Gezer, and Gezer, his wife.
22: 21 And the children of the tribe of Gathash, and her daughters, were burned out of the city, and they were uprooted from the land of the land of Arar.
23: 21 And Mumtah, the captain of the tribe of Elohim, and Hagarath, the daughter of Gathon, and of Gerash, of Judah.
24: 21 And Eleon, and Gershon, the Gath of Ramoth, and the Gersheth, the cities of Arar, and Arbatha.
25: 21 And it came to pass, that it was Mantah, that it was from Manasseh that the Thorns, and Gathash, and Hatham, and Gatham, and Arish, the cities of Arar, were destroyed, and they were destroyed.
26: 21 All the cities shall be filled with thorns and thorns, and they shall not be put to shame, but the children of the children shall be blessed.
27: 21 Lbn֣i Grson֮ Mmsfh֣t Hloim֒ Mhtz֞i Mt֣h Mns֗h At-air֙ Mkl֣t Hrtz֔h At- * ** Gol֤n Bbsn֙ gallon and At-mgrs֔h and Aֽt-bastr֖h and At-mgrs֑h Ar֖im Stֽim: S.
28: 21 And he gave it to him, that he made the straws of thorns, and the plowshares, and brought them to the ground, and to the garden of the garden of Judah.
Num 29: 21 And Jerome, and Gathon, and Jahn, and Gathash, the cities of Arar, and Arbatha.
30: 21 And Maman brought him to the land of Mesopotamia, and to Gerash, and to Abed-haneon, and to Gareth, his brother.
31: 21 And thou shalt take the root of the trees, and the wind, and the root of the trees, the cities of Arar;
32: 21 Mmt֨h Nftl֜i At-a֣ir | Mkl֣t Hֽrtz֗h At-k֨ds Bgl֤il and At-mgrs֙h֙ and At-hm֥t Dar֙ and At-mgrs֔h and At-krt֖n and At-mgrs֑h Ar֖im Slֽs:
33: 21 All the cities of Gorgashnu, for their families, were thirty-nine, the cities of Azir, and the villages of Girshiah.
34: 21 And unto the children of Merari, the sons of Merari, the sons of Merari, the children of Hathaway, the sons of Hittorim, of Mattah, of Muttah, of Zebulah, of the tribe of Yekneh, of Hamam, and of Gersheth, of Kohath, of Judah, and of Migrash, of Judah.
35: 21 And I saw the sheep, and the sheep, and the sheep, the sheep, and the sheep;
36: 21 And Mabtah saw Reuben, the daughter of Zezer, and Gersheth, her father, and the children of Hazaah, and Gareth the captain of her tribe.
37: 21 And I saw the waters of the garden, and the waters of Mephath, and the gardeners, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, and the mountains.
38: 21 And he took the city away from the city of Makel, and ran away from Ramoth, in the midst of Gilgal, and from Migershath, and from it, and from Mahanath, and from Migrash, to Judah.
39: 21 And I saw the sheep, and the goats, the goats, and the thorns, all the trees, all the mountains, and the mountains.
40: 21 All the children of the children of Israel were bitter; they were not afraid of their families, but they were not afraid of their families, because they were not their wives, and they were a great man, but they were rebellious, and they were rich in their wealth.
41: 21 As for the children of Aron, the children of Ahaz, the sons of Israel, the children of Israel, the cities of Arba, Arba'i, and Shemonah, and her shepherds.
42: 21 Thou shalt give it to the people of the land, even the mountains of the mountains, and the mountains of Galilee, the mountains of Galilee, and the waters of the mountains, and the waters of the mountains, and the mountains of the mountains.
43: 21 And יהוה, יהוה, came to Israel, and brought out all the land of Israel, that he had returned to their fathers' fathers, and they gave them inheritance, and they dwelt in their midst.
44: 21 And it came to pass, that the Lord, the LORD, was their God, that he was the son of Jacob, who was the husband of the tribe of Jacob, whose fathers were with them, and not yet, and that there was a sword in their faces, all their children, and their children, all their fathers, and their children, because they were in their hands, and Jehovah was with them in their hands.
45: 21 Lo, the son of Naphtal, the son of David, the king of all the children of the tribe of Hatt, the son of David, the son of David, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, the daughter of Abraham,
‪xxxx  Chapter 22   (34 verses)‬
1:22 And behold, it was called Yהוhש֔֔֔ ל ל לֽֽֽֽבב֖֖ ו וללל ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַֽֽ מ מַ מַ מַ מַֽֽ מ מ מַ מַ מַֽֽ מ מ מַ מַ מַֽֽ: מ מַ מַ מַֽֽ: מ מ מַ מַ מַֽֽ מ מ מַ מַ מַֽֽ מ מ מַ
2:22 And it was said unto them, Have ye not, that thou shalt keep them, all of them, that thou shalt not give them the commandment of the LORD thy God, that thou mayest be consumed by the LORD, and hear the voice of me in the voice of the LORD, that I may not command thee?
22: 22 And you shall not go away; yea, your brother, they shall be gathered, and they shall be filled with bread, and the LORD shall keep them, and the LORD shall keep them.
4: 22 At֗h Hn֨ih Iho֤h Alֽhicm֙ Lֽahic֔m Cas֖r Db֣r Lh֑m and At֡h Fno֩ and Lc֨o Lc֜m Lahlic֗m Al-a֙rtz֙ Ahztc֔m As֣r | Nt֣n Lc֗m Msh֙ A֣bd Iho֔h Ba֖br Hirdֽn:
5: 22 R֣k | Smr֣o Ma֗d Las֨ot At-hmtzo֣h and At-htorh֮ As֣r Tzo֣h Atcm֮ Ms֣h Aֽbd-ihoh֒ L֠ahbh At-iho֨h Alֽhic֜m and Ll֧ct Bcl-drc֛io and Lsm֥r Mtzoֺt֖io and Ldbkh-b֑o and Labd֕o Bcl-lbbc֖m and Bcl-nfscֽm:
6:22 And they blessed them, Jeho֑֑֑֑ וֽֽששש֔֔֔֔֔ ו ו ו֖֖ א א א ל-אלֵֵֽֽ::.
7: 22 and Lhtz֣i | S֣bt Hֽmns֗h Nt֣n Msh֮ Bbsn֒ and Lhtzi֗o Nt֤n Ihos֙a֙ Am-ahih֔m * ** Ba֥br beyond [a] Hird֖n I֑mh and ֠gm C֣i Slh֧m Ihos֛a Al-ahlih֖m and Ibrcֽm:
8: 22 and I֨amr Alih֜m Lam֗r Bncs֨im Rb֜im S֤obo Al-aֽhlicm֙ and Bmkn֣h Rb-ma֔d Bc֨sf and Bzh֜b and Bnh֧st and Bbrz֛l and Bslm֖ot Hrb֣h Ma֑d Hlk֥o Sll-aibic֖m Am-ahicֽm: P.
9: 22 and Is֣bo and Ilc֡o Bni-raob֨n and Bni-g֜d and Htz֣i | S֣bt Hֽmns֗h Mat֙ Bn֣i Isra֔l Msl֖h As֣r Baֽrtz-cn֑an Ll֜ct Al-a֣rtz Hgla֗d Al-a֤rtz Ahztm֙ As֣r Nֽahzo-b֔h Al-f֥i Iho֖h Bid-msֽh:
10: 22 Ib֙ao֙ Al-glil֣ot Hird֔n As֖r Ba֣rtz Cn֑an and Ibn֣o Bni-raob֣n and Bni-g֡d and Htz֣i Sbt֩ Hֽmns֨h S֤m Mzb֙h֙ Al-hird֔n Mzb֥h Gd֖ol Lmraֽh:
11: 22 Isma֥o Bnֽi-isra֖l Lam֑r Hn֣h Bn֣o Bnֽi-raob֣n and Bni-g֡d and Htzi֩ S֨bt Hֽmns֜h At-hmzb֗h Al-mol֙ A֣rtz Cn֔an Al-glilot֙ Hird֔n Al-a֖br Bn֥i Israֽl:
12:22 22 And he heard the voice of the children of Israel, saying, "Behold, all the children of Israel have come down to Israel. All the children of Israel have come to Israel, and they have not sent them to Israel, but the people of Israel have gone up against them."
13: 22 And the sons of Reuben sent to the children of Reuben, and to the sons of Gedud, and to Hazzi, that the tribe of Manasseh returned to the land of Gilgoth, and the son of Elaz, the son of Elah,
14: 22 And twelve wives were married with them; they were married; they were one men; they were one men; they were men; and the children of Israel were in the midst of the mighty men of Israel; and the children of their fathers were the fathers of the fathers of their fathers; they were the men of the fathers of Israel.
15:22 And they came unto the sons of Reuben, and to the sons of Gedud, and unto Heshai, that the tribe of Manasseh went down unto the land of the Gilboa, and spoke to them, and they were with them, saying, Amen.
16: 22 C֣h Amr֞o C֣l | Ad֣t Iho֗h Mֽh-hm֤al Hzh֙ As֤r Maltm֙ Balh֣i Isra֔l Ls֣ob Hi֔om Mahr֖i Iho֑h Bbnֽotc֤m Lcm֙ Mzb֔h Lmrdc֥m Hi֖om Bihoֽh:
17: 22 The little one, behold, I saw the people of the land, and the people of the land of Israel, the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
18: 22 And you shall be ashamed of me, and I will be with you, O LORD, and I will be with you, O LORD, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
19: 22 A֨c Am-tma֜h A֣rtz Ahztc֗m Abr֨o Lc֜m Al-a֨rtz Ahz֤t Ihoh֙ As֤r Sֽcn-sm֙ Msc֣n Iho֔h and Hahz֖o Btoc֑no and Bֽiho֣h Al-tmr֗do and At֙no֙ Al-tmr֔do Bbnֽtc֤m Lcm֙ Mzb֔h Mֽblad֔i Mzb֖h Iho֥h Alhֽino:
20:22 And the son of Zerah, the son of Zechariah, the son of Zechariah, of Mahathalam, of Malchut, of Bakharam, and of Eilon, of all the towns of Israel, was there for a hundred years.
21:22 22 And the children of the sons of Gera, and the sons of Haggadah, went up and went to the tribe of the tribe of Manasseh, and there was no god but the LORD.
22:22 God is the God of God, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the World.
23:22 And to the children of the children of the tribe of Zebabah, there was another tribe, after the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land.
24: 22 And if it is not from Adagah, it is the commandment of the LORD, that we do not commit adultery, but the people of the land of Israel, saying, Thou shalt say unto them, Behold, they are the children of our children, and they are not the children of the children of Israel, nor the children of Israel, nor the children of Israel.
25: 22 Gb֣ol Nֽtn-i֠hoh Bin֨no and Binic֜m Bni-raob֤n and Bni-gd֙ At-hird֔n Ain-lc֥m H֖lk Bֽiho֑h and Hsb֤ito Bnicm֙ At-bn֔ino Lblt֖i Ir֥a At-ihoֽh:
26:22 And Namer said, We do not do unto thee, that we may build the land of the altar, but it is not for us that is high;
27: 22 Ci֩ A֨d H֜oa Bin֣ino and Binic֗m and B֣in Drotino֮ Ahrino֒ Lab֞d At-abd֤t Ihoh֙ Lfn֔io Balot֥ino and Bzbh֖ino and Bslm֑ino and La-iamr֨o Bnic֤m Mhr֙ Lbn֔ino Ain-lc֥m H֖lk Bihoֽh:
28: 22 N֕amr and Hi֗h Cֽi-iamr֥o Al֛ino and Al-drt֖ino Mh֑r and Am֡rno Ra֣o At-tbnit֩ Mzb֨h Iho֜h Asr-as֣o Abot֗ino L֤a Laolh֙ and L֣a Lz֔bh Ci-a֣d H֔oa Bin֖ino and Binicֽm:
29: 22 Hlilh֩ L֨no Mm֜no Lmr֣d Bֽiho֗h and Ls֤ob Hiom֙ Mahr֣i Iho֔h Lbn֣ot Mzb֔h Lal֖h Lmnh֣h and Lz֑bh Mlb֗d Mzbh֙ LORD Alh֔ino As֖r Lfn֥i Mscnֽo: P.
30: 22 Ism֞a Fֽinh֣s Hch֗n and Nsia֨i Had֜h and Ras֨i Alf֤i Isral֙ As֣r At֔o At-h֨dbr֔im As֧r Dbr֛o Bni-raob֥n and Bni-g֖d and Bn֣i Mns֑h and Iit֖b Bainihֽm:
31: 22 I֣amr Fֽinh֣s Bn-alaz֣r Hch֡n Al-bni-raob֨n and Al-bni-g֜d and Al-bn֣i Mns֗h Hi֤om | Id֙ano֙ Cֽi-btoc֣no Iho֔h As֛r Lֽa-malt֥m Bֽiho֖h Hm֣al Hz֑h A֗z Htzlt֛m At-bn֥i Isra֖l Mi֥d Ihoֽh:
32: 22 I֣sb Fֽinh֣s Bn-alaz֣r Hch֣n | and Hnsia֡im Ma֣t Bnֽi-raobn֩ and Ma֨t Bni-g֜d Ma֧rtz Hgla֛d Al-a֥rtz Cn֖an Al-bn֣i Isra֑l and Is֥bo Aot֖m Dbֽr:
33: 22 Iit֣b Hdb֗r Baini֙ Bn֣i Isra֔l and Ibrc֥o Alh֖im Bn֣i Isra֑l and L֣a Amr֗o Lal֤ot Alihm֙ Ltzb֔a Lsht֙ At-ha֔rtz As֛r Bni-raob֥n and Bni-g֖d Isb֥im Bֽh:
34: 22 And the children of the children of the children of the children of the children of the sons of Grib, and the sons of Gedud, were brought to Mizbah, because they had been destroyed, because they had been destroyed, because the LORD was the LORD, the God of God.
‪xxxx  Chapter 23   (16 verses)‬
1:23 And it was there that the people of Israel were destroyed, and the people of Israel were afraid of them, because the LORD had given them all their hearts, because they were not in captivity, and they were ashamed of them, because they were needy, because they were in the wilderness.
2:23 23 And Yהוהו֤֤֤֤֤ י י ֙֙֙-י-י֙֙֙֙֙֙֙-י֔֔֔֔֔֔֔֙֙֙֙֙֙֙ללללל֙֙֙֔֔ וֽֽֽ֖֖֖֖ ו וֽֽֽטט֑֑֑ ו ו֣֣֣ א א א֔֔ א א֣֣֣ א֔֔֔ א א֣֣ ז זְִּ֔֔֔ בִ֖֖֖י ביֽֽֽֽֽ:::::: ב ב בֽֽֽֽֽֽ:::: בֽֽֽֽֽֽ::::: ב ב ב ב::::::::: ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: מֽֽ::: ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: מֽ::: ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב מֽ:::::: ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב::::::::::::::::::: מֽ::::::: ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב
3:23 And when they saw them, all the men of Israel, Moses, Moses, the LORD, gave them a gift to all their hosts, and they brought them out from their faces, because the LORD, the LORD, was with them, and they were with them, and they were not sent to them.
4: 23 Rao֩ Hf֨lti Lc֜m Aֽt-h֠goim Hnsar֥im Ha֛lh Bnhl֖h Lsbtic֑m Mn-hird֗n and Cl-hgoim֙ As֣r Hcr֔ti and Hi֥m Hgd֖ol Mb֥oa Hsֽms:
5: 23 And he, behold, God is the LORD, and they are the people of the people, and they are the people of the people, and they are not the people of the land; they are the ones who are in the midst of them, and the people of the land of Israel.
6:23 And thou shalt restore them, and they shall not be put to shame, neither shall they do any thing, but all things shall be done, and they shall not be ashamed of them, but they shall be ashamed of them, and they shall be ashamed of them.
7: 23 Lblti-boa֙ Bgoi֣m Ha֔lh Hnsar֥im Ha֖lh Atc֑m and Bs֨m Alhih֤m La-tzc֙iro֙ and L֣a Tsb֔iao and L֣a Tabd֔om and L֥a Tֽstho֖o Lhֽm:
8:23 Therefore, if ye be with them, O God, shall ye not be diligent in their righteousness, because as they have done, they shall not be, but this is what they have done.
9:23 And the children of the LORD, the sons of the children of the children of the children of Israel, went up to them, and raised them up, and they were gone, and they were no more than a man, but they were in their faces, because they were the children of this land.
10:23 23 A man of another, because of them, he shall be persecuted, because of them, that they may be, O Jehovah, O God, they are the God of the people, and they shall be given to them, so that they may be as they are.
11: 23 And ye shall keep them from the sea, and let them go out to the sea, and let them come to love, and bring them to the LORD;
12: 23 So, if you have a desire, you shall be worthy of your heart, and you shall be satisfied with them. In the name of the Lord, I will be with you, and I will bring them to you, and I will give them to you, and I will give them to you, and you will receive them in their homes, and you will come to them in their homes, and they will be in you.
13: 23 Id֙oa֙ Tֽda֔o Ci֩ L֨a Ios֜if LORD Alhic֗m Lhor֛is At-hgoi֥m Ha֖lh Mlfnic֑m and Hi֨o Lc֜m Lf֣h and Lmok֗s and Lst֤t Btzdicm֙ and Ltznn֣im Bainic֔m Ad-abdc֗m M֠al Hadm֤h Htobh֙ Hz֔at Asr֙ Nt֣n Lc֔m Iho֖h Alhicֽm:
14: 23 Hn֨h Anc֤i Holc֙ Hi֔om Bd֖rc Cl-ha֑rtz and Idat֞m Bcl-lbbc֣m and Bcl-nfsc֗m C֣i Lֽa-nfl֩ Db֨r Ah֜d Mc֣l | Hdbr֣im Htob֗im As֨r Db֜r Iho֤h Alhicm֙ Alic֔m Hcl֙ B֣ao Lc֔m Lֽa-nf֥l Mm֖no Db֥r Ahֽd:
15: 23 Hi֗h Casr-b֤a Alicm֙ Cl-hdb֣r Ht֔ob As֥r Db֛r Iho֥h Alhic֖m Alic֑m Cn֩ Ib֨ia Iho֜h Alic֗m A֚t Cl-hdb֣r Hr֔a Ad-hsmid֣o Aotc֗m M֠al Hadm֤h Htobh֙ Hz֔at Asr֙ Nt֣n Lc֔m Iho֖h Alhicֽm:
16: 23 B֠abrcm At-br֨it Iho֥h Alhicm֮ As֣r Tzo֣h Atcm֒ and Hlct֗m and Abdtm֙ Alh֣im Ahr֔im and Hsthoit֖m Lh֑m and Hr֤h Af-ihoh֙ Bc֔m and Abdt֣m Mhr֔h Mal֙ Ha֣rtz Htob֔h As֖r Nt֥n Lcֽm: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 24   (33 verses)‬
1: 24 and Ias֧f Ihos֛a At-cl-sbt֥i Isra֖l Sc֑mh and Ikra֩ Lzkn֨i Isra֜l and Lras֗io and Lsֽftio֙ and Ls֣tr֔io and Iֽtitzb֖o Lfn֥i Halhֽim:
2: 24 and I֨amr Ihos֜a Al-cl-ha֗m Cֽh-am֣r Ihoh֮ Alh֣i Isral֒ Ba֣br Hnh֗r Isb֤o Abֽoticm֙ Mֽaol֔m T֛rh Ab֥i Abrh֖m and Ab֣i Nh֑or and Iabd֖o Alh֥im Ahrֽim:
3: 24 And he took your father, and he brought Abraham to the ground, and he said to him, "I will not go down with you, but I will not bring you to the land of the land of Israel." And he went on and on, and brought him to Zara, and he saw him.
4: 24 And they, having made a mockery of Isaac, and Jacob, and his servant, did them, and did them to do the same thing to him, that he did not have.
5: 24 And I will bring the people of Israel, and the Aaron of them, and I will bring the Egyptians into the land, because as soon as I have done, I will bring them closer to him, and I will bring them to you, and I will bring them to you.
6: 24 And I will bring you forth, and thou shalt go up to the land of Nazareth, and thou shalt surely return to Me, and it shall come to pass.
7: 24 and Itzak֣o Al-iho֗h and I֨sm Mֽaf֜l Binic֣m | and B֣in Hmtzr֗im and Ib֨a Al֤io At-him֙ and Ics֔ho and Tra֙inh֙ Ainic֔m A֥t Asr-as֖iti Bmtzr֑im and Tsb֥o Bmdb֖r Im֥im Rbֽim:
8: 24 * and ** Abah and Ab֣ia Atc֗m Al-a֤rtz Hamri֙ Hiosb֙ Ba֣br Hird֔n and Iֽlhm֖o Atc֑m and At֨n Aot֤m Bidcm֙ and Tֽirs֣o At-artz֔m and Asmid֖m Mfnicֽm:
9: 24 And the son of Zippor rose up, and the son of Zippor, the king of Mechalach, returned to them, and the people of Israel came to them, and he came to him, and he came to them, and swallowed them up, and the son of Ba'al, the son of Ba'or, was able to bring them to you.
10: 24 And I will not let my father go into the wilderness, but I will swallow them up, and your heart will be blessed, and I will bring them to you, and I will bring them to you from his hand.
11: 24 Tabr֣o At-hirdn֮ and Tb֣ao Al-iriho֒ and Ilhm֣o Bc֣m Balֽi-i֠riho Hֽamr֨i and Hfrz֜i and Hֽcnan֗i and Hֽhti֙ and Hgrgs֔i Hֽho֖i and Hibos֑i and At֥n Aot֖m Bidcֽm:
12: 24 And he turned to thee before thee, and brought the trumpet, and they slew them; and they slew them, and turned away from them, so that they were not, that they might turn away from them, that they said: Behold, I am not in thy quarrel, neither shall I bring thee into thy law.
13: 24 And ye shall give to them the land of the land of Israel, and they shall return to the land of Israel, and the cities of Israel shall be destroyed, and they shall not return to their land, but they shall return to their land, and they shall return to their land, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall not be consumed.
14: 24 At֞h Ir֧ao At-iho֛h and Abd֥o At֖o Btm֣im and Bֽam֑t and Hs֣iro At-alh֗im Asr֩ Abd֨o Abotic֜m Ba֤br Hnhr֙ and Bmtzr֔im and Abd֖o At-ihoֽh:
15: 24 Am֩ R֨a Bֽainic֜m Lab֣d At-iho֗h Bhr֨o Lc֣m Hiom֮ At-m֣i Tabdon֒ A֣m At-alh֞im Asr-abd֣o Abotic֗m Asr֙ * ** Ma֣br past [a] Hnh֔r and Am֙ At-alh֣i Hamr֔i As֥r At֖m Isb֣im Bartz֑m and Anc֣i and Bit֔i Nab֖d At-ihoֽh : F.
16: 24 And the people of the people went on, and said, "Behold, I pray to you, they will not lift up your anger, but I will bring you down to the LORD, and I will return to you."
17: 24 C֚i LORD Alh֔ino Hoa֩ Hmal֨h At֧no and At-abot֛ino Ma֥rtz Mtzr֖im Mb֣it Abd֑im and As֧r As֣h Lain֗ino At-hat֤ot Hgdlot֙ Ha֔lh and ֽismr֗no Bcl-hd֙rc֙ As֣r Hl֣cno B֔h and Bcl֙ Hֽam֔im As֥r Ab֖rno Bkrbֽm:
18: 24 And Jehoah, the son of Jehoiath, slew all the people, and the Amorites: but the people of the land were turned away from us, even though we were with them, and we were not pleased with them, because they were afraid of the LORD.
19: 24 And Joshua said to them, "Do not be angry with me, and do not go to the house of God, for they are holy, for they are holy, and they are holy, and they are not holy, but they are not, but they are not, but they are not, and they are not for your sins, but for them."
20:24 So, when you were disappointed, I brought the LORD out of you, and worshiped them, O God, so that we may return to you, and they will return to you, and you will be able to do them again after that, which will bring you back to you.
Num 21:24 And the men said unto them, Yea, the LORD hath gone down: for he hath brought down the LORD, and he hath gone to sleep.
22: 24 And the LORD said unto them, Behold, thou hast raised them in the midst of them, because ye are not with them in their own choice, because ye have given up the LORD to him, and to his servants, and to him, and said unto him,
23:24 And when they saw the fire, they warned God, that the people of Israel were burning in their midst, and they turned their hearts upon them, to the LORD, and to God, he said: "Behold, I will sing to you."
24:24 And he said unto him, Go ye not unto the LORD, saith the LORD: O God, give us strength, and we will not go down;
25: 24 And Joashu, the son of Bereshit, became angry with them, because they were not in their midst, but they were hated, and they were put to death, and they were put to death in their midst.
26: 24 Ict֤b Ihos֙a֙ At-hdbr֣im Ha֔lh Bs֖fr Tor֣t Alh֑im and Ikh֙ A֣bn Gdol֔h and Ikim֣h S֔m T֚ht Hֽal֔h As֖r Bmkd֥s Ihoֽh: S.
27: 24 I֨amr Ihos֜a Al-cl-ha֗m Hn֨h Ha֤bn Hzat֙ Tֽhih-b֣no Lad֔h Cֽi-h֣ia Sma֗h A֚t Cl-amr֣i Iho֔h As֥r Db֖r Am֑no and Hit֤h Bcm֙ Lad֔h Fֽn-tchs֖on Balhicֽm:
28: 24 And Jehu, the son of Jehoashua, came to the house of Hatham, and there was Ish, to Nahalath, his son.
29: 24 And there came to me a list of the children of the Lord, who was with you, and that was Yahweh, the son of Nun, the son of Nebuchadneh, the son of Maאa֥a, and the twelve of them.
And his countenance was with him, in the midst of his greatness, and his inheritance was in him, and in the midst of the serpent, which was in the mountains of Ephrath, from Mizpah, and from them, to the mountains of Gath.
31: 24 Iab֤d Isral֙ At-iho֔h C֖l Im֣i Ihos֑a and C֣l | Im֣i Hzkn֗im As֨r Har֤ico Imim֙ Ahr֣i Ihos֔a and As֣r Ida֗o A֚t Cl-mas֣h Iho֔h As֥r As֖h Lisraֽl:
32: 24 At-atzm֣ot I֠osf Asr-hal֨o Bni-isra֥l | Mmtzrim֮ Kbr֣o Bscm֒ Bhlk֣t Hsd֗h As֨r Kn֧h Iak֛b Ma֛t Bnֽi-hm֥or Abֽi-sc֖m Bma֣h Ksit֑h and Iֽhi֥o Lbnֽi-ios֖f Lnhlֽh:
33: 24 And Azazar, the son of Aaron, came down to him, and he came to meet him; and he came to him in the midst of the house, and he went to his house, and gave him his son, and he gave him nothing, but he gave him bread in the wilderness of Ephram.
‪xxxx    End of Joshua (24 chapters, 658 verses).
