‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.45. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Judges (21 chapters, 618 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (36 verses)‬
1: 1 And after that, Jehoiashvah came to him, saying, "Behold, I am the son of Israel." "Behold, I am the son of the LORD." He said to him, "Come, I will go to the house of the king, and I will come to you."
2: 1 And the word of the LORD, Jehovah, saith unto Yahweh, Yea, behold, Yea, behold, thou hast brought the land into the hand of his children.
3: 1 And the word of Yahweh was said to him, Let him hear the voice of his brother, and he shall not go up against me, but in the land of Galilee, and behold, I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you.
4: 1 And the children of Yahweh were afraid, and Jehovah gave them to the Canaanites, and the Pharisees, their hands, and them, and they were in the midst of the fire, which made the people of Elaph, but there was no man.
5: 1 And they found Edonite in the house of Isaac in the midst of Jezreel, and he took him away, and they were with him, and they brought the Canaanites away, and the Pharisees.
6: 1 And the people of Israel came to Me, and they returned to Me, and the people of Israel came to them, and they took away their wealth, and they took away their wealth, and they took away their wealth.
7: 1 and I֣amr Adֽni-b֗zk Sba֣im | Mlc֡im Bֽhnot֩ Idih֨m and Rglih֜m Mktztz֗im Hi֤o Mlktim֙ T֣ht Slhn֔i Cas֣r As֔iti C֥n Slm-l֖i Alh֑im and Ibia֥ho Irosl֖m and I֥mt Sֽm: P.
8: 1 And the sons of Jehoiah-Yahudah, the sons of the sons of Jehoshaih, took charge of them, and they brought him to him, and they brought him to the house of the king, and he brought them together, and they sent him away, and they took him away.
9: 1 And Ahadar the son of Mordecai, the son of Jehoiada, the son of Jehoah, the son of Jehoah, the son of Jehoah, the son of Judah;
10: 1 And Jehudah, the son of Judah, came unto me, and the Canaanites were with me, and the captives were there in the wilderness, and there they were, and the sons of the sons of Israel, before the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the Levites.
11: 1 And he led them to the house of Jacob, and the name of Dovir, and the name of Deborah, before the children of Korah-esper.
12: 1 And he said, All the people of Israel, who gave the cry of the sword, and to his hand, and brought it to him, to put his hand on it, and to bring it to him.
13: 1 And the children of the tribe of Athena, the son of Kenan, were married to him, and all the children of the tribe of Israel were there, and they were there, and they gave the house of the king to his wife.
14: 1 And it came to pass, that in the midst of it came, and it was cast into it, that it might be ashamed, and that it should not be taken away from the father of his father, nor that of the people of the land, nor of the people of the land, nor of the people of the land, nor of the people of the land, nor of the land of the land.
15: 1 and T֨amr L֜o Hֽbh-l֣i Brc֗h C֣i A֤rtz Hn֙gb֙ Ntt֔ni and Ntt֥h L֖i Gl֣t M֑im and Itn-l֣h Cl֗b A֚t Gl֣t Al֔it and A֖t Gl֥t Thtֽit: P.
16: 1 And the children of the children of Zechariah were married to Moses, and the children of Nazareth were raised up, and the sons of the children were raised up, and the children of Judah were in the house of Yahweh, the son of David, the son of David, the son of Judah, the son of Asad, and the son of Anad,
17: 1 And Jehuda the son of Judah heard the voice of his brother, and he brought the Canaanite to death, and he slew him in the spring, and brought him to death, and he took up the name of the name of the fire, and burned it down.
18: 1 And Jehudah brought Judah to Israel, and Gevulah with him, and to Eshkol the son of Anon, and Gevul, with her, and with Ekar, with Jonah, and with Gvulah with her.
19: 1 And Yahweh came to Yahweh, and brought him to Yahweh, and to him [p] [n] [p]. And he gave him the rod of the rod, so that he did not return to the land of the LORD, but he returned to the land, so that he might be angry with them, so that he would be angry with them.
20: 1 And they were able to bear the plague of the people, and the people of the land of Israel were destroyed, so that the people of Israel were destroyed, and they destroyed the land of the tribe of Shilash, because they were the sons of the tribe of Anak.
21: 1 And the Jebusites, the children of Jeshab, the sons of the tribe of Shiloh, were not married; they were not married; they lived in the sons; they were sons of them, and the captivity returned to the children, and the sons of the children of Israel, the sons of Nehemiah, the sons of Bereshit, and of them, the children of the tribe of Judah.
22: 1 And the house of Josiah went up to them, and they were still with him, and they were with him;
23: 1 And they cast the house of Yossef in the midst of the valley, and there it was, and the fire was there.
24: 1 And they saw the men of the flock, saying, "There is no man, there is no god but the people of the light." And they said to him, "Behold, we see you, and you shall not be afraid." "Be careful, do what we do with you."
25: 1 And he saw the house of the king, and he saw the light, and brought it to the fire, because of the heat of the fire, and of the fire, and of all its abundance, and of its abundance.
26: 1 And he led the man, the son of the children of the tribe, and he was in the midst of the fire, and he rose up, and it was not his name, but this was the name of his name, which was his name, because he was the ruler of this land.
27: 1 and La-hor֣is Mns֗h At-bit-sa֣n and At-bnotih֮ and At-tan֣c and At-bntih֒ and At- * ** Isb֨i D֜or sat and At-bnot֗ih and At-iosb֤i Iblam֙ and At-bnt֔ih and At-iosb֥i Mgd֖o and At-bnot֑ih and I֙oal֙ Hֽcnan֔i Ls֖bt Ba֥rtz this:
28: 1 And there was a certain number of people in the land of Israel, and the people of Israel came to them, and they brought them to the land of Canaan, and they did not enter into it.
29: 1 And Ephrimeh was born, and he was not born; and he was the one of the Canaanites; the host was in the midst of the seed, and he returned to the land of the Canaanites, because he was nearing him in the midst of the wilderness.
30: 1 Zebulu 17:17 Lo, I will not let you down, but I will bring you down, and I will bring you down, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
31: 1 A man of valor, not a ruler, he brought down the inhabitants of the land, and his people, and the inhabitants of the tribe of Zephaniah, and of Ahlab, and of Achazib, of Sheba, and of Sheba, and Epiphion, and Rehoboth.
32: 1 And he returned to the land, and he returned to the land of the land, and he returned to the land of Israel, and he returned to the land of Judah, and he returned to the land of Israel.
33: 1 Nftl֗i Lֽa-hor֞is At-isb֤i Bֽit-s֙ms֙ and At-isb֣i Bit-an֔t and I֕sb Bk֥rb Hֽcnan֖i Isb֣i Ha֑rtz and Isb֤i Bֽit-s֙ms֙ and B֣it An֔t Hi֥o Lh֖m Lmֽs: S.
34: 1 And they cut off the children of Amor, the sons of David, because they were rebellious, because they were not given to him, so that he might go down to the valley.
35: 1 And the LORD said unto him, Behold, I am the father of the tribe of Baher, the son of Rez, in the midst of the mountains, and in the midst of the sabbath of the mountains, and upon the house of the LORD, the house of Jos, and the house of Josiah.
36: 1 And the people of the Amorites were numbered; and the people of the land of Israel were the people of the land.
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (23 verses)‬
1: 2 and I֧al Mlac-iho֛h Mn-hglg֖l Al-hbc֑im P. Iamr֩ Aal֨h Atc֜m Mmtzr֗im and Ab֤ia Atcm֙ Al-ha֗rtz As֤r Nsb֙ati֙ Lab֣tic֔m and Am֕r Lֽa-af֧r Brit֛i Atc֖m Laolֽm:
2: 2 And ye shall not be angry with him, but you shall be ashamed of him in the covenant of the LORD: and I will return to you, and this is the land of the people, and I will bring forth their sacrifices, and they shall not be saved, and they shall not be heard; but they shall not be afraid of them. What is this thing that I have done to them?
3: 2 And their mother, my wife, did not come to me, but I brought them to you, because they were turned away from you, and they were your enemy, so that they were not alone, and they were not, but they were not.
4: 2 And he said, Behold, as the LORD hath spoken, the LORD hath brought thee down, and the LORD hath given it unto him, all the children of Israel, and they shall bring it forth: and they shall bring them up, and they shall bring their voice to them, and they shall weep for thee.
5: 2 And the children of the children of the tribe of Sodom came to Shem-ha-makam, and they returned to them, and they sacrificed their food, and they sacrificed their food.
6: 2 And Jehoashoah brought the men with him; and the sons of Israel came to him, and the men of the tribe of Israel were not able to inherit him, because he had destroyed the land of the land.
7: 2 and Iabd֤o Ham֙ At-iho֔h C֖l Im֣i Ihos֑a and C֣l | Im֣i Hzkn֗im As֨r Har֤ico Imim֙ Ahr֣i Ihos֔oa As֣r Ra֗o A֣t Cl-mas֤h Ihoh֙ Hgd֔ol As֥r As֖h Lisraֽl:
8: 2 And when Jehoshoam the son of N֖֖֖n came down to the house of Yahweh, he was son of Ma֥a֥a, and the two of them were asleep.
9: 2 And his son came to him in the midst of his womb, and his inheritance was in him, and in the midst of the wilderness, he was in the midst of Ephrath, from Mizpah, to Aaron, to Hagar.
10: 2 and Gm֙ Cl-hd֣or Hh֔oa Nasf֖o Al-abot֑io and Ikm֩ D֨or Ah֜r Ahrih֗m As֤r La-iֽdao֙ At-iho֔h and Gm֙ At-hֽmas֔h As֥r As֖h Lisraֽl: S.
11: 2 And the sons of Israel carried out the commandment of the LORD, because of the eyes of the LORD, and the servants of the children of Israel.
12: 2 and Iazb֞o At-iho֣h | Alh֣i Abot֗m Hmotz֣ia Aotm֮ Ma֣rtz Mtzrim֒ and Ilc֞o Ahr֣i | Alh֣im Ahr֗im Malh֤i Hֽamim֙ Asr֙ Sbib֣otih֔m and Iֽstho֖o Lh֑m and Ica֖so At-ihoֽh: [C] [c]
13: 2 And they took away the LORD, and worshiped him, and did not go to work, and did not do anything to them.
14: 2 and Iֽhr-a֤f Ihoh֙ Bisra֔l and ֽitnm֙ Bid-ss֔im and Is֖so Aot֑m and ֽimcr֞m Bi֤d Aֽoibihm֙ Msb֔ib and Lֽa-icl֣o A֔od Lam֖d Lfn֥i Aoibihֽm:
15: 2 In the beginning of the day, when the people of Israel went out, the children of Judah were there, and they were not in their midst, because they were evil, because the LORD was the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the God of Israel, and the people of the land.
16: 2 And the LORD rose up, and he rose up, and he was quiet, and he was afraid of them, and they were afraid of them.
17: 2 and G֤m Al-sֽftihm֙ L֣a Sm֔ao C֣i Zn֗o Aֽhri֙ Alh֣im Ahr֔im and Iֽstho֖o Lh֑m S֣ro Mh֗r Mn-hd֜rc As֨r Hlc֧o Abot֛m Lsm֥a Mtzoֺt-iho֖h La-a֥so Cֽn:
18: 2 and Cֽi-hk֨im Iho֥h | Lhm֮ Sֽftim֒ and Hi֤h Ihoh֙ Am-hsf֔t and Hֽosiam֙ Mi֣d Aֽibih֔m C֖l Im֣i Hsof֑t Cֽi-inh֤m Ihoh֙ Mnֽakt֔m Mfn֥i Lhtzih֖m and Dhkihֽm:
19: 2 and Hi֣h | Bm֣ot Hsof֗t Is֙bo֙ and Hsh֣ito Mֽabot֔m Ll֗ct Aֽhri֙ Alh֣im Ahr֔im Labd֖m and Lhsthoֺ֣t Lh֑m L֤a Hf֙ilo֙ Mm֣allih֔m and Mdrc֖m Hksֽh:
20: 2 And the son of Aaron, the son of Joseph, came to him, and said, "Behold, I will go down to the land of Israel, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
21: 2 Also I am not a man of life, but I am afraid of them; and I will give them bread from their faces, because of their anger, that which is mighty in the heart of Yahweh, and they shall die.
22: 2 For the people of Israel, the people of Israel, who were in charge of the land, were the ones who brought the LORD, the LORD, to them. They did not take their wives, but as their wives, they were saved, but their fathers died, but they did not return.
23: 2 And the LORD, the LORD, brought them down, and brought them to Babylon; and they gave them their inheritance, because they were not cleansed, and they were not given to them by the hand of Jehoashu.
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (31 verses)‬
1: 3 And the LORD, the G-dite, is a woman; for this is the LORD, the LORD, that is, he is the son of Judah; for they are not the children of Israel, but all the women are all the men of the world, not the children of Israel; they are all the nations of the world.
2: 3 The Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Son, the Son of the Son, the Son of the Lord, the Son of the Son, the Son of the Lord, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God,
3: 3 חממ֣ש֣ש |ת סנר֣נ֣י פללשש֗ת֗ת֗ם וְכ-הל-היֽכננ֙נ֙י וַהציצי֣י֣י֣י֣י֣י֔י֔ן ו֣ה֣ח֔ו֔י יי ישש֖֖ב֣ב֣ה הללְּב֑ב֑נ֑ן מהה֙ר֙ב֙ה בּ֣אלעלר חה הלהֶּר חב חה מהה֔ר֙ה הלהלּל חה חה ו והצהמה חה חה ו וה֣ה֣ה חה חה ו וה֣ה֣ה חה חה ו וה֣ה֣ה חה חה הלהממֽהֽה הלהלל֣ב֑ה הלהללְּב֑ה הלהללְּב֑ה הלהללְּב֑ה הלללב֑ב֑ה הלהללְּב֑ה הלהללְּב֑ה הלהללְּב֑ה הלהללְּב֑ה הלהללְּב֑ה הלהללְּב֑ה הלהלם הלהלם הלהלמֽת֑ם הלּמֽת הַה הלהלה חה הלהלם הלּמֽת:ה הלהלה חם הלהממֽת:ה הלת:ּא:ה הלת:ּא חר חה הלהממֽת:ה הלת:ּא:ר חה הלהממֽה חם הֶּמֽת:ה הלת:ּא:ה חה הֲהממֽת:ם הֲהממֽה חם הֲהממֽת:ת חה הֲהממֽת:ם הֲמֽת:ת:ה חה הֲמֽת:ת:ת חה הֲהממֽת:ת חה הֲמֽת:ת:ה חה.
4: 3 And they, behold, they were the sons of Moses, and the children of Israel were in the hands of Moses, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts, and the people of Israel.
5: 3 And the sons of Israel, the children of Israel, dwelt among them, and in the midst of the land of the Canaanites, the children of Hathath, and the Amorites, and Pharisees, and Hahathu, and Havosai.
6: 3 And he took their daughters, their wives, to them, and to the sons of the children, and to their daughters, because they were given to their children, and they worshiped God for their own sake.
7: 3 And the sons of Israel did the same to the people of the land, because of the eyes of the LORD, and he gave them to him, and he gave them to the LORD, and he gave them to them, and they worshiped the children of Israel, and brought them to the land of Israel.
8: 3 and Iֽhr-a֤f Ihoh֙ Bisra֔l and ֽimcr֗m Bid֙ Cos֣n Rsat֔im M֖lc Ar֣m Nhr֑im and Iabd֧o Bnֽi-isra֛l At-cos֥n Rsat֖im Smn֥h Snֽim:
9: 3 And the sons of Israel cried out, and cried to the LORD, and the LORD rose up, and the LORD rose up, so that the children of Israel, the children of Israel, were brought to Israel, and the children of Israel were in the midst of them, and the sons of the children of Israel were still in the midst of the children of Canaan, the brethren, all the children of Israel, and the children of Israel.
10: 3 and Th֨i Al֥io Rֽoh-ihoh֮ and Isf֣t At-isral֒ and Itza֙ Lmlhm֔h and It֤n Ihoh֙ Bid֔o At-cos֥n Rsat֖im M֣lc Ar֑m and T֣az Id֔o A֖l Cos֥n Rsatֽim:
11: 3 And the army became quiet, and the land was four hundred years old, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came to pass by Ben-Kenan.
12: 3 and Is֙fo֙ Bn֣i Isra֔l Las֥ot Hr֖a Bain֣i Iho֑h and Ihz֨k Iho֜h At-agl֤on Mֽlc-moab֙ Al-isra֔l A֛l Cֽi-as֥o At-hr֖a Bain֥i Ihoֽh:
13: 3 And Issa, the son of the sons of the sons of Israel, went up with him, and went up to the land, and took you away, and brought the people of Israel into captivity.
14: 3 And the sons of Israel, the children of Israel, were brought to the house of Eghel, and they were not numbered of them, because they were numbered twenty-nine.
15: 3 and Izak֣o Bnֽi-isral֮ Al-ihoh֒ and Ikm֩ Iho֨h Lh֜m Mos֗ia At-ah֤od Bn-gra֙ Bn-himin֔i A֥is At֖r Id-imin֑o and Islh֨o Bni-isra֤l Bido֙ Mnh֔h Lagl֖on M֥lc Moaֽb:
16: 3 And he did unto him, saying, Behold, this is the voice of the Lord, and the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, and of the Lord, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, and of the house of the LORD, and of the house of the LORD, and of the house of the LORD, and of the house of the LORD.
17: 3 And he brought the spear to the gallows, and he turned away from you, and he turned away from you.
18: 3 And there was a man, as a woman, so that all the women of Israel were able to bring the woman to the land, and he sent away the women of the land.
19: 3 And behold, the people of the tribe of Israel went astray, and the people of the Haggilites were destroyed, and the commandment of the people of the land arose, and I said unto you, Behold, thy lord is your inheritance, and the people of the land have been destroyed.
20: 3 And behold, it was a sign, and behold, it came to him, and he returned to the house of Eli, the son of the king, who was his wife, because he was alone with him, and he said to him, 'Behold, I am afraid of the word of God, but I will not be afraid of you, and I will come to you, and I will make you stronger.'
21: 3 And the servant of Ahad took his hand out of the hand of the LORD, and took it, and took the sword out of his hand, and put it on his right hand, and put it in his belly.
22: 3 And the son of the son of the son of the king returned to the house of the king, and the son of the king returned to the house of the king, and he returned to the house of the LORD, and he returned to the house of the LORD, and he returned to him, and he returned to the house of the LORD, and he reigned in the midst of his captivity, and he gave up the land of the land of Israel.
23: 3 And he gave up the people of Judah, and the people of Sodar, and Judah, and took away the greatness of the children of Israel, that was in the midst of them, and the people of Na'al.
24: 3 And behold, it was not the work of the servants, but they were in it, and they saw it, and behold it, and it was not the house of the children of Israel, but the people of the tribe of Israel, the noblest of the nations, and the people of Israel.
25: 3 and Ih֣ilo Ad-b֔os and Hn֛h [Q] [n] [v] Ain֥no Ft֖h Dlt֣ot Hֽali֑h [Q] [c] and Ikh֤o At-hmft֙h֙ and Ift֔ho and Hnh֙ Ad֣nih֔m Nf֥l A֖rtzh Mֽt:
26: 3 And behold, the people of the tribe of Nehemiah went astray, and the men of the tribe of Abel destroyed the Philistines, and the land of the city was destroyed.
27: 3 And when he came, he came to him, and he took his wife in the furnace, and he went down to Ephram, and his people went down with him, and the sons of the children of Israel went up from there, and they came to them before them.
28: 3 and I֤amr Alhm֙ Rdf֣o Ahr֔i Cֽi-nt֨n Iho֧h At-aibic֛m At-moa֖b Bidc֑m and Ird֣o Ahr֗io and ֽilcd֞o At-mabr֤ot Hirdn֙ Lmoa֔b and Lֽa-ntn֥o A֖is Labֽr:
29: 3 And he brought the Moabites in the midst of them; they were as they had done unto the gods; but there was no man, all the people of them, and all the men of Israel were alive, and they were not circumcised.
30: 3 And the Moabites came to him, saying, "Behold, this is the voice of the LORD, and I am the LORD, the Lord of Israel, and I will be victorious over you." The LORD said, "The people of Israel are the same."
31: 3 And after him was there that Samgar the son of Anaath, and he brought you the Philistines, and there was a sixth day, and there was no man, but in the midst of the thorns, and there was none, and there was none in the house of the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (24 verses)‬
1: 4 And Jesus said unto them, Behold, the LORD hath done unto thee that thou shalt be satisfied, but in the eyes of the LORD, behold, I am the LORD;
2: 4 And the LORD, the LORD, hath given them the hand of the LORD, that is, the son of the LORD, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, and of the flesh of his strength, and of his strength, and of his strength, and of his strength, and of his strength.
3: 4 And the sons of Israel, the children of Israel, cried out to the LORD, saying, "Behold, thou shalt not be satisfied." And he said to him, "Behold, I will go to the house of Barzilai." And he said to him, "Behold, I will bring you the son of Israel." He said, "Behold, I will be with you in the land of the land of Israel."
4: 4 And Deborah spoke to Esau, the son of Nebaiah; she was the wife of Lapid, and she was afraid of them: they were not afraid, and she brought the children of Israel into the midst of the land.
5: 4 And it is she who is the son of the daughter of the daughter of Thorn, the son of David, who is in the house of the king of Israel, who is not in the house of Abraham, nor of the children of Israel, nor of the children of Israel, nor of the children of Israel; but of the children of Israel.
6: 4 and Tsl֗h and Tkra֙ Lbr֣k Bn-abin֔am Mk֖ds Nftl֑i and T֨amr Al֜io Hl֥a Tzo֣h | LORD Alhֽi-isra֗l L֤c and Mֽsct֙ Bh֣r Tb֔or and Lkht֣ Amc֗ As֤rt Alfim֙ A֔is Mbn֥i Nftl֖i and Mbn֥i Zblֽon:
7: 4 And I will give thee a favor, O God, to thee, let us not go down, O Zion, the LORD of hosts, but thou shalt not receive, and thou shalt bless him, and give him the money, and give it to him in thy hand.
8: 4 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not be blessed; if thou art gone with me, then shall I not bow down, and behold, thou shalt not walk with me, neither shall I come unto thee.
9: 4 and T֜amr Hl֧c Al֣c Am֗c A֚fs Ci֩ L֨a Tֽhi֜h Tֽfartc֗ Al-hd֙rc֙ As֣r At֣h Hol֔c C֣i Bֽid-as֔h Imc֥r Iho֖h At-sֽisr֑a and T֧km Dbor֛h and T֥lc [Q] [n] [v] Am-br֖k Kֽdsh:
10: 4 And Zucker begged Berezek the Zabulu, 17, and Naphtali, and Cushadah, and he became angry in his feet, and he did as he had done unto him: but there was no man, and he went out with his people;
11: 4 And the son of the son of the Kenite was born of Nephrodite, of the son of Zechariah, of the son of the son of Levi, the son of Laban, of the tribe of Moses, of the tribe of Judah, and of the tribe of Judah, of the tribe of Judah, even unto the children of Israel, of the priests, of the Canaanites, of the Canaanite.
12: 4 And Haggadah went to Hassaissarah, so that the children of Israel were not born, son of Abraham, son of Avin, the son of Har-Tov, the son of Asher.
13: 4 And Zedek the Sisters of Nazareth, all the people of Rehoboth, and Thamatha, and Merath, and Rechav, and Berez, and all the men of Israel, which were numbered among them, were three more of the Goths, the first of them, Kesh;
14: 4 and Tamr֩ Dbr֨h Al-br֜k K֗om C֣i Z֤h Hiom֙ Asr֩ Nt֨n Iho֤h At-sֽisra֙ Bid֔c Hl֥a Iho֖h Itz֣a Lfn֑ic and I֤rd Brk֙ Mh֣r Tb֔or and As֧rt Alf֛im A֖is Ahrֽio:
15: 4 And it came to pass, that they were afraid of all things, and of all things, and of all things, because of the heat of the fire, before the face of the fire, and of the burning of the fire, and of the burning of the earth, and of the burning of the earth,
16: 4 And he went down to the ground, and went up after him; and he was afraid of them, and he returned after them, and he went back to the house of the Gathonites, even though they were not in the midst of them, and they were filled with all sorts of tents, and there was a wall, and there was no wall, and there was no wall, and there was no wall.
17: 4 And I will be ashamed of you, and I will not go astray, but I will not go into the house of the women. [Q] [n] [p] ח֣בּ֣ב הַר הקק֑ינ֑י כי כּ֣י֣י שן ש֗ל֗ו בם בּ֚נ֚ין יבב֣ב֣ין מֽמֽלֶך- ח֔צ֔ו ור ו֕ב֕ין ב֖י֖ין חּ֥ב֥ר הקקֽיןֽי::
18: 4 And thou shalt give up the seed of the vineyard, and bring it to the sea, and it shall come to him, and it shall be called unto him, and it shall be done to him, and it shall be given to him, and he shall be given to him, and he shall come to him.
19: 4 And he said unto him, Behold, the drinker is not a little thing; for I am thirsty, and thou hast taken him away, and loath him, and fear thee, and thou shalt consume him, and thou shalt consume him.
20: 4 And he said unto them, Behold, I am the servant of the children of the tribe of Israel, and there was a wife, a woman, a son, a son, and a woman, and her mother, and her mother, her husband, and her mother;
21: 4 and Tk֣h Ia֣l Aֽst-h֠br At-it֨d Ha֜hl and T֧sm At-hmk֣bt Bid֗h and Tb֤oa Alio֙ Bl֔at and Ttk֤a At-hitd֙ Brkt֔o and Ttzn֖h Ba֑rtz and Hֽoa-nrd֥m and I֖af and Imֽt:
22: 4 and Hn֣h Brk֮ Rd֣f At-sֽisra֒ and Ttz֤a Ial֙ Lkrat֔o and T֣amr L֔o L֣c and Ara֔c At-ha֖is Asr-at֣h Mbk֑s and Ib֣a Al֔ih and Hn֤h Sֽisra֙ Nf֣l M֔t and Hit֖d Brktֽo:
23: 4 And the gods made a mockery of the children of the house, and they came to the house of the LORD, saying, "Behold, I will not go down to you, so that you may come before me, so that we may face the children of Israel."
24: 4 And the children of Israel, the children of Israel, went on, saying, "Behold, I will not go down to you, nor shall I be ashamed of you." But he said, "Behold, I will not go down to you." "I will not let you go."
‪xxxx  Chapter 5   (31 verses)‬
1: 5 And the word of the LORD came forth, and Abraham rebuked the son of Abinam, because he was not a man;
2: 5 In the mouth of Pharaoh the children of Israel were in the midst of the land, and they were in the midst of them, and the LORD was with her.
3: 5 Behold, they are not with thee; for they are not, and they are not; for they are not; for they are not; for they are not; for they are not.
4: 5 The LORD your God, when you come to Zion, you will be in the midst of your wickedness, for it is the land of the wicked, the evil of the wicked, the people of the land, the people of the land, and the people of the land;
5: 5 Behold, ye shall be saved from the mouth of the LORD, O LORD, O LORD, be merciful unto me, O son of Israel, O God, O God, O God, O God, O Israel!
6: 5 In the midst of the children of Saman, the son of Ana'ath, was born in the midst of the wilderness, and the people of Judah were on their way, and they were not in the land, and they were coming to them.
7: 5 Behold, there is no fear of the people of Israel, but the one who is alone, the one who is alone, is the one who is alone, the one who is alone, the LORD, the one who lost his life, and the one who is in Israel.
8: 5 The LORD shall return to the LORD, and he shall return to the land of Israel, and he shall return to the land of Israel, and he shall return to the land of Israel, and he shall return to the land of Israel.
9: 5 Behold, I will give it to those who hate, I pray thee, and I will bring them to the land;
10: 5 And I will be victorious, and I will be victorious, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
11: 5 And they shall not be afraid of the people of the land, but they shall not return to their land, but they shall be given the righteousness of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the righteous, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, and the mighty;
12: 5 Awari, my son Uri, the son of the son of Avinam, the son of Avinam, the son of Avin, the son of Avin.
13: 5 Wherefore are the children of the LORD, the children of Adirim, the children of Israel, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the God of the children, the sons of the mighty?
14: 5 Wherefore are you, Ephram, that is the root of the people, that is, the people of your life, your children, the sons of the people, and the people of your nation, because they are not among you, because they are not of the people, but of the children of Israel, of the children of Israel, of the children of Israel, of the children of Israel, of the children of Israel, of the children of Israel.
15: 5 And when he was in the midst of the wilderness, he was with the people of the wilderness, and the land of the land of Israel was burned, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall in it.
16: 5 The Lord, the Lord, is the One, the Father, the Son of the Lord, the Lord of the Sovereign, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
17: 5 He went down in the midst of the Jordan, so that they might be satisfied, and they were there: for he did not die, and he was ashamed of me. My ships were gone, but the people of the land were still alive, and the people of Israel were afraid of them, and they went out of their midst;
18: 5 Behold, thou shalt not be oppressed: for he hath been afraid, and he hath turned away from him; and he hath turned away from him;
19: 5 Behold, they are the kings of the kingdom, and they are the ones who have gone to the land, and the people of the land have been destroyed, and they are not in the land, nor are they in the land of the land.
20: 5 Wherefore have they been cast away, and they have been numbered among the mighty, and they have been forgiven for their sins, and they have gone out with the sinners.
21: 5 And the children of Kishon were strangers: they were strangers, and they were not, but they were old; they were no more than the children of Kishon, and they were not in the midst of them.
22: 5 And he said unto them, Behold, I will follow the ways of the LORD: and I will not go down.
23: 5 And the LORD said unto him, Behold, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God.
24: 5 Blessed are the men of the tribe of Yahweh, but the wife of the young man is not the one who has been able to eat, since they are not married, because it is not your intention.
25: 5 מ֥֥֥ ש ש שׁאא֖ל חל ח֣ל֣ב נב נתת֑נָהה בְּּסּ֥פלל אדדִּּיר֖֖םִקק֥ר֥יבָהה חממאאֽֽה::
26: 5 Behold, the hand of the LORD shall be given to him, and he shall be given to him, and he shall be able to return to the house of the LORD, and he shall not go into the land, and he shall return to the land of Israel, and he shall return to his land, and his land shall be destroyed, and his land shall be destroyed.
27: 5 Behold, there is no roost; for it is a vine, a tree, a spring, a tree, a spring, a spring, a tree, a tree, a tree, a tree, a tree, a tree, a tree, a tree, a tree, a tree, and a tree.
28: 5 In the midst of the darkness, the light of the sun is shining, and it is white, and it is white, but it is not so hot, but it is not in the heat of the earth, but it is not in the heat of the earth, nor is it the light of the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth.
29: 5 The wise men of the servants of the women, are they afflicted with wine?
30: 5 Hl֨a Imtza֜o Ihlk֣o Sl֗l R֤hm Rhmt֙im֙ Lr֣as G֔br Sl֤l Tzbaim֙ Ls֣isr֔a Sl֥l Tzba֖im Rkm֑h Tz֥ba Rkmt֖im Ltzoar֥i Slֽl:
31: 5 So, behold, all the children of the world have come to you, O Jehovah, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the One, and the One.
‪xxxx  Chapter 6   (40 verses)‬
1: 6 And the sons of Israel did so, saying, "Behold, I will see in the eyes of the LORD, O Jehovah, and you will be baptized." The LORD said, "Behold, I am with you, for I am the one who has lost my life."
2: 6 And the children of Meidah went up against the children of Israel; they went up from Mephon, because they were in the midst of them, and they did not go down to them. The children of Israel went up to the tunnels, and the women were not there, but they took up the land, and the land, and the land of Mizoroth.
3: 6 And behold, the people of Zerah, the children of Israel, went up, and went up to Me, and they went up to them, and they went up to the children of the children of Kedem, and they overcame him.
4: 6 And they encamped them, and brought them up, and destroyed them, and brought them into the house of the children of Israel, even though they were not with thee, and they were not with them, and they were not afraid of the fire of life, but in the children of Israel, and there was a wall of thorns, and a wall of fire.
5: 6 For they are now, and they will not be put to death, and they will come to them, and they will come to them, and they will return to them, and they will return to them, and they will return to their land, and they will return to them, and they will not be filled with them.
6: 6 And the children of Israel came to Meal from Mephad, from Mephonias, and from Meiden, and they came to Me, and they came to Me, and they came to Me, the Son of Israel.
7: 6 And he said, "Behold, I pray thee, O son of Israel, I pray thee unto the LORD, and I will go down to you, and I will go down to the house of my children."
8: 6 and Isl֧h Iho֛h A֥is Nb֖ia Al-bn֣i Isra֑l and I֨amr Lh֜m Ch-am֥r LORD | Alh֣i Isra֗l Anc֞i Hal֤iti Atcm֙ Mmtzr֔im and Atz֥ia Atc֖m Mb֥it Abdֽim:
9: 6 And I will bring you up to Me, from the tribe of Mizrahim, and from them all the children of Zion will come, and their families will bring them to you, because they will give you their food, and you will give them food to their families.
10: 6 And he said unto them, Because I am not God, O God, O God, they have given them attention, but they have not seen God; yet I am saying: I will give them up; yea, they shall return in their land, and they shall not be put to shame.
11: 6 And Ib֞a Mla֣c Iho֗h and I֙sb֙ T֤ht Hֽalh֙ As֣r Bafr֔h As֥r Lioa֖s Ab֣i Hֽazr֑i and Gda֣on Bn֗o Hb֤t Htim֙ Bg֔t Lhn֖is Mfn֥i Mdiֽn:
12: 6 And he saw that he was not with him, but he was not with you. [Q] [n] [p] YHWH, and he said to him, 'O LORD!' "" YHWHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! "
13: 6 And I֨amr Al֤io Gdaon֙ B֣i Adn֔i and I֤s Ihoh֙ Am֔no and L֥mh Mtza֖tno Cl-z֑at and Ai֣h Cֽl-nflat֡io Asr֩ Sfro-l֨no Abot֜ino Lam֗r Hl֤a Mmtzr֙im֙ Hal֣no Iho֔h and Ath֙ Nts֣no Iho֔h and ֽitn֖no Bcf-mdiֽn:
14: 6 And the face of his God came upon him, O Jehovah, and he said unto thee, Thou art in thy power, and thou shalt be satisfied; and thou shalt bring salvation unto the LORD; and thou shalt bring up the multitude of my children: behold, it is not thy fault that thou hast given thee.
15: 6 And he said unto him, Behold, I am in the house of Adonai, because in the midst of Israel the people of Israel have come to Israel, and they have given it to me, because they are in the midst of the man, and I am in the midst of the land, and the light is in the midst of my fathers.
16: 6 And Moses said unto him, Behold, Jehovah, O LORD, be with me, for I am with thee, and thou hast cut down my hand with me, as it is with the flesh of my brother.
17: 6 And he said unto them, Behold, I am not with thee, I beseech thee, thou shalt not be satisfied with thy eyes, and do thy work to me: and thou shalt bear the lusts that thou hast borne;
18: 6 Do not be angry with me, for I am not worthy of you, but I am your God, and you have given me the commandment of your inheritance, and I have given you strength before your face, and I believe that I am not worthy of you, but I will return to you as you return.
19: 6 And Gda֣on B֗a and I֤as Gdֽi-azim֙ and Aift-k֣mh Mtz֔ot Hbsr֙ S֣m Bs֔l and Hmr֖k S֣m Bfr֑or and Iotz֥a Al֛io Al-t֥ht Hal֖h and Igֽs: S.
20: 6 And he said unto him, Behold, I am not worthy of God; but he hath taken away the captivity, and hath taken away the commandment, and hath given it unto the thief, that is, to him, and to the oppressor, and to the wicked, and to them that do so.
21: 6 And Isl֞h Mla֣c Iho֗h At-ktz֤h Hmsa֙nt֙ As֣r Bid֔o and Ig֥a Bbs֖r and Bmtz֑ot and T֨al Ha֜s Mn-htz֗or and T֤acl At-hbsr֙ and At-hmtz֔ot and Mla֣c Iho֔h Hl֖c Mainֽio:
22: 6 And he saw that he was afraid, because he was afraid of the LORD, and he said to him, "Behold, I am afraid!" And he said, "Go down, O Israel!" "Oh, Lord, be careful!" "Oh, my God!" "How are you?"
23: 6 And he said unto his servant, O LORD, I pray thee, O LORD, I pray thee, I pray thee unto thee, Thou shalt not fear;
24: 6 And the children of the children of the tribe of Judah were numbered, and the people of Zephatham, the Levites, were there; they were, and they were called unto him, that is, the LORD, that is, that they should be put to death, that they should be given to them, that they should be put to death, and that they should return to the land of Israel.
25: 6 And Ihi֮ Bl֣ilh Hhoa֒ and I֧amr L֣o Iho֗h K֤h At-fr-hsor֙ As֣r Lab֔ic and F֥r Hsn֖i S֣ba Sn֑im and Hrst֗ At-mzb֤h Hb֙al֙ As֣r Lab֔ic and At-hasr֥h Asr-al֖io Tcrֽt:
26: 6 And Bn֨it Mzb֜h Liho֣h Alh֗ic A֣l R֧as Hma֛oz Hz֖h Bmֽarc֑h and Lֽkht֙ At-hf֣r Hsn֔i and Hal֣it Aol֔h Batz֥i Hasr֖h As֥r Tcrֽt:
27: 6 And Ik֨h Gda֜on Asr֤h Ansim֙ Mֽabd֔io and I֕as Cas֛r Db֥r Al֖io Iho֑h and Ih֡i Cas֣r Ira֩ At-b֨it Ab֜io and At-ans֥i Ha֛ir Mas֥ot Iom֖m and I֥as Lֽilh:
28: 6 And Isc֜imo Ans֤i Hair֙ Bb֔kr and Hn֤h Nttz֙ Mzb֣h Hb֔al and Hasr֥h Asr-al֖io Cr֑th and At֙ Hf֣r Hsn֔i Hֽal֔h Al-hmzb֖h Hbnֽoi:
29: 6 And they said to him, "Is there a man, a man of evil?" He said, "This is what the LORD has done." And this is what he has done. "And he asked him," What is your name? "He asked him," Do you want to know him? "Gideon said," The son of Yo֔֔֔֔ ע was doing this. "הַ הַדב֥֥֥֥ הֶַֽֽ:::
30: 6 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go up, O son of Israel: for he hath given thee thy son, and thou shalt give up thy son, and let it be that thou shalt go down, and bring forth the fountain of the house, and the land of the wicked, that is, that which is his inheritance.
31: 6 And I֣amr Ioa֡s Lcl֩ Asr-amd֨o Al֜io Hat֣m | Trib֣on Lb֗al Am-atm֙ Tosia֣on Aot֔o As֨r Ir֥ib L֛o Iom֖t Ad-hb֑kr Am-alh֥im Hoa֙ I֣rb L֔o C֥i Nt֖tz Aֽt-mzbhֽo:
32: 6 And he called unto him, saying, In the day of the LORD's day, I will bring forth unto the LORD thy wickedness, and he shall not be angry with him, for he shall not go astray;
33: 6 And all the Midianites and the Amalekites, and the sons of Kedem, were baptized, and Yahweh, and he spoke to him, and he came to him, and he gave him the inheritance;
34: 6 And Yahweh, the son of Jehoah, took away the servant of Gedah, and he fell into the land of Shushapar, and despised him. [Q] [n] [p] Abi Zayar, after his death.
35: 6 And Malakim, peace be upon him, in all the men of the land, and he was disgusted. [Q] [n] [p] גּּם-֖ואא אחח֑ר֑יו֣וּמללאא֣ק֣ש שם שׁ֗ל֗בְּּאאא֣ש֤֣ר שב שבזּזֻּבּּל֙ו֙ן וננְבתּתּל֔ו֔ן וֽנְפתתּל֔ו֔ה וֽנְעֲל֖ל֖ו לקקראאאֽתֽם:
36: 6 And he said, Go to the Lord, go to God, but if thou art not satisfied with me, I will bring the people of Israel into captivity, because as the fire of thy blood shall be done.
37: 6 Hn֣h Anc֗i Mtz֛ig At-gz֥t Htz֖mr Bg֑rn A֡m Tl֩ Ihi֨h Aֽl-hgz֜h Lbd֗h and Al-cl-ha֙rtz֙ H֔rb and Idat֗i Cֽi-tos֧ia Bid֛i At-isra֖l Cas֥r Dbֽrt:
38: 6 And it was so, and he dwelt among them, and he took him away from the house of the LORD, and he returned to the land of Haggath, and he took away the land of the land of the land of the land.
39: 6 And I֤amr Gdaon֙ Al-h֣alh֔im Al-i֤hr Afc֙ B֔i and Adbr֖h A֣c Hf֑am Ans֤h Na-rk-hf֙am֙ Bgz֔h Ihi-n֨a H֤rb Al-hgzh֙ Lbd֔h and Al-cl-ha֖rtz Iֽhih-tֽl:
40: 6 And God made the men of Israel, so that they came to him, and they came to the house, and they came to the land, to the land of Judah, and to all the land of the land.
‪xxxx  Chapter 7   (25 verses)‬
1: 7 And they shall be blessed, and they shall rejoice in the midst of the people, but they shall not be afraid, and all the people shall be destroyed, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall be put to death, and they shall not enter into the land.
2: 7 And the word of the LORD said unto the people of GOD, "Behold, the people are with me, and I am the wife of the people, and you are the daughter of the children, for I am with you, for they are in your hand, because they are the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel.
3: 7 and At֗h Kr֨a N֜a Bazn֤i Ham֙ Lam֔r Mֽi-ir֣a and Hr֔d Is֥b and Itzf֖r Mh֣r Hgla֑d and I֣sb Mn-ha֗m Asr֤im and Sn֙im֙ A֔lf and As֥rt Alf֖im Nsaֽro: S.
4: 7 and I֨amr Iho֜h Al-gda֗on Aod֮ Ha֣m Rb֒ Hor֤d Aotm֙ Al-hm֔im and Atzrf֥no Lc֖ S֑m and Hi֡h Asr֩ Am֨r Al֜ic Z֣h | Il֣c At֗c H֚oa Il֣c At֔c and C֨l Asr-am֜r Al֗ic Z֚h La-il֣c Am֔c H֖oa L֥a Ilֽc:
5: 7 and I֥ord At-ha֖m Al-hm֑im S. I֨amr Iho֜h Al-gda֗on C֣l Asr-ilk֩ Blson֨o Mn-hm֜im Cas֧r Il֣k Hc֗lb Ttz֤ig Aoto֙ Lb֔d and C֛l Asr-icr֥a Al-brc֖io Lstֽot:
6: 7 And there was a number of people in their hands, who were in the hands of the children of Israel, who were in the hands of the children of Israel, and that they had given up all their possessions, and that all the men had been burned down, and they were not in their villages, nor were they any more than their wives.
7: 7 And the Lord said unto the Lord, GOD, O LORD, I pray thee, O LORD, I pray thee, O LORD, I pray thee, O LORD, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts.
8: 7 and Ikh֣o At-tzdh֩ Ha֨m Bid֜m and A֣t Sofrֽtih֗m and A֨t Cl-a֤is Isral֙ Slh֙ A֣is Laֽhl֔io and Bsls-ma֥ot Ha֖is Hֽhz֑ik and Mhn֣h Mdi֔n H֥ih L֖o Mt֥ht Baֽmk: P.
9: 7 And there was no man, but this was his father: and he said unto him, Behold, Jehovah, O LORD, be merciful unto him, and be faithful to him, for thou hast given him bread;
10: 7 And if thou hast given it to the LORD, thou shalt surely rejoice; and thou shalt be broken: behold, thy youth goeth forth unto the threshing-floor of the LORD.
11: 7 And when you hear the voice, what is your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, and your religion?
12: 7 And they gave me bread, and all the children of the children of the tribe of Nephilim, in the midst of the dust, as they quarreled unto the LORD, and to them that were hungry, they were not numbered, but they were like the vessels of the lips of the LORD.
13: 7 and Ib֣a Gda֔on and H֨nh-a֔is Msf֥r Lra֖ho Hl֑om and I֜amr Hn֧h Hl֣om Hl֗mti clear and Hn֨h * ** Tzl֜il L֤hm Sarim֙ Mthfc֙ Bmhn֣h Mdi֔n and Ib֣a Ad-h֠ahl and Ic֧ho and If֛l and Ihfc֥ho Lm֖alh and Nf֥l Haֽhl:
14: 7 And there was a wicked man among them, who said to him, "Behold, I have not seen you, yet I have not seen you." But the mother of the children of Gedada said to him, "Son of Joash! Is there a man of Israel?" They said, "You are the LORD, the God is in you." He said, "Behold, I will bring you up to Me, and all the people of the land will be destroyed."
15: 7 and Ihi֩ Csm֨a Gda֜on At-msf֧r Hhl֛om and At-sbr֖o and Ist֑ho and I֙sb֙ Al-mhn֣h Isra֔l and I֣amr K֔omo Cֽi-nt֧n Iho֛h Bidc֖m At-mhn֥h Mdiֽn:
16: 7 And he cut off the hundred men of the tribe of the tribe of Shelah, the first of them, and they were young: they were young, and they were in the hands of all their hands, and they were empty, and they were afraid, and they were not in the house of the children of the children.
17: 7 And he said unto her, Behold, I am from Me, and behold, thou shalt see it, and so shall I do it: and behold, I will come to thee in the midst of it, and it shall be in the heat of the fire, and it shall come to pass, as it was done to the people of Israel, so that they shall do it.
18: 7 And you shall be afflicted with shame, and I will be with you, and all the men of the world shall be crucified, and they shall be steadfast in their captivity, and they shall be filled with all their possessions, and all their wealth shall be given to them.
19: 7 and Ib֣a G֠daon and Mah-a֨is Asr-at֜o Bktz֣h Hֽmhn֗h R֚as Hasm֣rt Htֽicon֔h A֛c Hk֥m Hk֖imo At-hsֽmr֑im and ֽitkao֙ Bs֣ofr֔ot and Nf֥otz Hcd֖im As֥r Bidֽm:
20: 7 and ֽ֠itkao Sl֨st Hras֥im Bsֽofrot֮ and Isbr֣o Hcdim֒ and Ihz֤iko Bid-smaolm֙ [U] Blfd֔im and Bi֨d-imin֔m Hsofr֖ot Ltk֑oa and ֽikra֔o H֥rb Lֽiho֖h and Lgdaֽon:
21: 7 And they came to Amado, and there was a man, and there was a thorn, and he was there, and his grandfather was there, and he returned to the land of the camp, and the land was full of all the trees, and the trees were there, and he gave them to him, and they disobeyed him.
22: 7 and ֽitkao֮ Sls-ma֣ot Hsofrot֒ and I֣sm Iho֗h A֣t H֥rb A֛is Bra֖ho and Bcl-hֽmhn֑h and I֨ns Hֽmhn֜h Ad-b֤it Hsth֙ Tzֽrr֔th A֛d Sft-ab֥l Mhol֖h Al-tbֽt:
23: 7 And the young men of Israel came down from the tribe of Naphtali, and from Shem-Eshar, and from Manasseh all the towns, and they rebelled against him, and afterward they returned to Meidah.
24: 7 and Mlac֡im Sl֣h Gdaon֩ Bcl-h֨r Afr֜im Lam֗r Rd֞o Lkr֤at Mdin֙ and Lcd֤o Lhm֙ At-hm֔im A֛d B֥it Br֖h and At-hird֑n and Itza֞k Cl-a֤is Afr֙im֙ and Ilcd֣o At-hm֔im A֛d B֥it Br֖h and At-hirdֽn:
25: 7 and ֽilcd֡o Snֽi-sr֨i Mdi֜n At-ar֣b and At-za֗b and Ihrg֨o At-aor֤b Btzor-aorb֙ and At-zab֙ Hrg֣o Biֽkb-za֔b and ֽirdf֖o Al-mdi֑n and Ras-ar֣b and Za֔b Hb֙iao֙ Al-gda֔on Ma֖br Lirdֽn:
‪xxxx  Chapter 8   (35 verses)‬
1: 8 And he said unto him, Behold, I will not be with thee; for I am the LORD, and this is what the LORD hath done, and this is what he hath done, and he hath done unto them, that they may not be with me, that they may be reviled: for they are not, for they are not, that they have been given to them, that they may be in the midst of them, and they have multiplied, and they are not with him in their strength.
2: 8 And he said unto them, They are not made of them, but I have made them as they are, and they have not been given to them: neither shall I be afraid of them; but I will not be afraid of them.
3: 8 By you, are ye not God? You have not seen the flesh of the Midianites, but you have taken the time of the LORD and the people of Israel, and they have done so. I have done them so much, but I have not seen them yet. The spirit of the LORD is in them.
4: 8 And the children of Jordon came to him, saying, "The Lord hath gone down the hill, and the three hundred men, and the three men, and the men, and the men, and the men, and the men;
5: 8 And he said unto them, Lo! The people of the land, the people of the land, and the people of Nunu, so as to be the firstborn of them, they shall be the bread of the heat; for they are not in their feet; for they are hungry, and they are thirsty, and they are in a state of trouble, and afterward they shall be burned, and they shall be burned.
6: 8 And he said, "Behold, I will go down to you, and I will come to you, and I will return to you."
7: 8 And Moses said to Gideon, "Behold, the daughter of Yahweh has brought the son of Zechariah and the son of Zalamah into the hands of my hand, and I will bring them to the house of the king, and I will bring them to the land of the desert, and the land of the land of the desert."
8: 8 And he went away from there, saying to him, "Behold, I will go up to you, and I will bring you up to them, and I will bring you up to him, and I will give you up to him, and I will give you up to him, and I will give you up to him, as I have done.
9: 8 And he said to the men, "Behold, I will turn to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will bring you up to the house of the Maggid."
10: 8 and Z֨bh and Tzlmn֜a Bkrk֗r and Mhnih֤m Amm֙ Chm֤st Asr֙ A֔lf C֚l Hn֣otr֔im Mc֖l Mhn֣h Bni-k֑dm and Hn֣fl֔im Ma֨h and Asr֥im A֛lf A֖is S֥lֽf Hֽrb:
11: 8 And the children of Gedah, the sons of the tribe of Heshkun, were in the midst of the sea, and they were not in the house, nor were they in the midst of it, and they brought them to the camp, and the camp was there.
12: 8 And they went to the sea, and they went down, and they came after them, and they took away the two of them, and they came unto them, and they came unto them, and they came to them.
13: 8 And Jeho, the son of Jehoah, rejoiceed from the son of Joah, from the midst of the war, saying, "Merry is the son of the LORD."
14: 8 And they came to him from the men, and they took him away, and begged him, and brought him to him, and brought him to the throne, and brought him to the house, and the young man thereof was satisfied with him, and his wife was satisfied with him.
15: 8 and Iba֙ Al-ans֣i Sc֔ot and I֕amr Hn֖h Z֣bh and Tzlmn֑a Asr֩ Hrft֨m Aot֜i Lam֗r H֠cf Z֣bh and Tzlmn֤a Ath֙ Bid֔c C֥i Nt֛n Lans֥ic Hiaf֖im Lֽhm:
16: 8 And he took the young man, and he took the light, and cut off the water, and brought it up to the fire, and he knew it in them, but the people were still there.
17: 8 And the children of Gedaliah, the children of Nathas, and Nahar, saw the people of Nazareth.
18: 8 And he said unto him: 'Behold, thou shalt not go down to the wall of the sea, but the people of the land shall be destroyed, and they shall not be angry with them, neither shall they be cursed, and they shall be put to death, and they shall not be destroyed.
19: 8 And he said unto them, Behold, my son, O son of Abraham, are they alive? The life of the LORD is upon you, the living of them, but ye are not with them, but they are not, I have brought them to you.
20: 8 And he said unto them, Behold, the son of David is in the midst of the burning of the vineyard, and of the mountains of the mountains, the mountains of the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains of the mountains.
21: 8 and I֜amr Z֣bh and Tzlmn֗a K֤om Ath֙ and Fga-b֔no C֥i Ca֖is Gbort֑o and I֣km Gda֗on and ֽihrg֙ At-z֣bh and At-tzlmn֔a and Ikh֙ At-hs֣hrn֔im As֖r Btzoar֥i Gmlihֽm:
22: 8 And he said unto him, Behold, the man of Israel shall not go down to the land of the children of the house of the house of the children of Israel, but thou shalt also be with them, even your sons, because they are the sons of your sons, because ye are saved, and they have been saved from Me,
23: 8 And Moses said unto them, I will not go down, but I will not be with you, neither shall I be ashamed of them, nor shall I be ashamed of them; but they shall be in their midst, the LORD your God, and I will destroy them in their midst.
24: 8 And he said unto them, Behold, I am afraid of you, that I may ask thee, O king of you, that thou hast given it unto us, and give it to me: for there is no man, that is, of the seed of his seed, so that it may be given to them.
25: 8 And he said unto them, Behold, ye have been given a curse, and they have taken away the accusation, and they have given it to him, because he is not a man, because he is a man of his own.
26: 8 and Ih֗i Msk֞l Nzm֤i Hzhb֙ As֣r Sa֔l A֥lf and Sba-ma֖ot Zh֑b L֠bd Mn-hshrn֨im and Hntf֜ot and Bgd֣i Hargm֗n Sal֙ Mlc֣i Mdi֔n and Lbd֙ Mn-h֣ank֔ot As֖r Btzoar֥i Gmlihֽm:
27: 8 And he did his work, and he gave him a favor, and he gave him a favor, and he gave him food in his city, in the wilderness, and they gave him food for his children, and after him they returned to their land, and they became rich, and they gave him bread, and he gave him bread to drink.
28: 8 And they gave up my hands, and gave them to me, the children of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land, and the people of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land.
29: 8 And Jeroboal went up to the son of Joaas, and he returned to the house of his children.
30: 8 And to Gideon the children were seven hundred, and the sons of the sons of Israel were in their midst, so they blessed their wives, because they were many wives, and many of them were afraid of them.
31: 8 And he went up to Gilgamesh, saying, Ascher, they were in the house of the children of Israel, that they were not with them, but that they were with them, and it was they who carried the name of their fathers, because they were with you.
32: 8 And when the son of Joah rose up, he took a seat in the sea, and he returned to his house, and he came to the house, and he came to him, and he came to him, and went to his father, and he returned to him in the house of Ephraim, saying, 'Abi֥֥ הְְֶֽֽֽֽֽֽ:::.
33: 8 And behold, there was a man, who was in the midst of the four mighty men, and there was his father, the son of the sons of Israel, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the Levites, and they were to be consumed by them, and they were in the midst of the land of Israel.
34: 8 And they said unto him, Behold, they are in the house of the children of Israel; and they have brought down the LORD; they are the God of them; they are the children of the tribe of Moses; they are all of them, and all their enemies are among them.
35: 8 And he did not go down with the people of the house, but he went up to the land of Gedah, and dwelt in the midst of the forest, but as the people of Israel did with the people of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 9   (57 verses)‬
1: 9 And Abimelech passed over thee, the son of Jeroboam, because of what he had done to his brother, and his mother, and he spoke unto them, and unto all the family of the house of Abraham, his mother was faithful.
2: 9 Dbro-n֞a Bazn֨i Cl-bal֣i Scm֮ Mh-t֣ob Lcm֒ Hms֨l Bc֜m Sba֣im A֗is C֚l Bn֣i Irb֔al Am-ms֥l Bc֖m A֣is Ah֑d and Zcrt֕m Cֽi-atzmcm [Q] [U] [c] [n] and Bsrc֖m Anֽi: [U]
3: 9 And he spoke to him, and said to him, "Behold, I am in the ears of all the children of Israel, so that all of them have died, and all the people have spoken, and they have given up their hearts, yet I will not be able to return to you." "I will tell you, O father, that I will say to you, 'Oh, our brothers!'"
4: 9 And he gave us a hundred thousand shekels, and he gave them a hundred shekels. [P] [n] [p] [p] [p] [n] [p] In the name of Abraham, the Lord of the Worlds, the people of the land, the people of the land, and the people of the land.
5: 9 and Ib֤a Bit-abio֙ Afr֔th and ֽihr֞g At-ah֧io Bnֽi-irb֛al Sba֥im [P] [n] [p] A֖is Al-a֣bn Ah֑t and Iot֞r Iot֧m Bn-irb֛al Hkt֖n C֥i Nhbֽa: S.
6: 9 And he gave up all the things of the people of Israel, so that all of you, and all the children of Israel, went up to him, and they came to you, and they brought your fathers to you, to go with you, to the land of Israel, and to the land of Israel.
7: 9 Ig֣do Liot֗m and I֙lc֙ and ֽiamd֙ Br֣as Hr-grz֔im and Is֥a Kol֖o and Ikr֑a and I֣amr Lh֗m Sma֤o Ali֙ Bal֣i Sc֔m and Ism֥a Alic֖m Alhֽim:
8: 9 Behold, they have gone down to the house of the mighty, and they have been destroyed; for they have gone astray, but they have gone astray, and have said unto them, Lo! The kingdom of kings. ** Malakah is over us.
9: 9 And it was said unto them, This is the day of the day, that I have given birth to the house of the children of Israel, and that I have given birth to the children of Israel.
10: 9 And he said, "Behold, the children shall come to us, and they shall return to me."
11: 9 And they said to them, "Behold, I have given you the gift of the covenant, and I have given it to thee, and I have given it to you, and I have given it to you, and I have given it to you.
12: 9 And he said unto him, The children shall come to the house of the LORD, and they shall come unto me.
13: 9 And they said unto them, The Lord is the captain of the month, that I have given birth to the LORD, and that I have given him strength, and I have given him strength, and I have given him strength, and I have given him strength.
14: 9 And he said unto him, All the things shall come unto the thorn, and thou shalt not go away from it, nor go up with us.
15: 9 and I֣amr Hatd֮ Al-hatzim֒ A֡m Bam֣t Atm֩ Msh֨im At֤i Lm֙lc֙ Alic֔m B֖ao Hs֣o Btzl֑i and Am-a֕in T֤tza As֙ Mn-h֣at֔d and Tac֖l At-arz֥i Hlbnֽon:
16: 9 And when the mother and her mother came together, they did the work of them, and did them, and brought them unto them, and brought them unto them, and did them with the people of the house, even with them, and with their families, and with their hands, and with their hands, they did their work.
17: 9 When I sent them away, I brought them up to you, and he brought his soul to you, and he brought them out of their midst, and they brought them out of their midst.
18: 9 and At֞m Kmt֨m Al-b֤it Abi֙ Hi֔om and Thrg֧o At-bn֛io Sba֥im A֖is Al-a֣bn Ah֑t and Tml֜ico At-abim֤lc Bn-amto֙ Al-bal֣i Sc֔m C֥i Ahic֖m Hֽoa:
19: 9 And if you did not die, and did not do anything with the people of the house, and go with them, they will be with you, and this is what they will do: be glad in your fathers, and make them happy, even if you are in them.
20: 9 And if thou shalt go out, thou shalt bring up the fire of your fathers, and thou shalt feed the children of them, that they may drink, and bring it to the house of the LORD, and thou shalt not eat it; but thou shalt not be ashamed of me; for thou shalt not be satisfied; and thou shalt not bring it forth, nor eat it, and eat the fathers upon thee.
Num 21: 9 And the people of Israel came to them, and they gave birth to you, and they came to you in their midst, and their captivity returned from them, before me, and I brought them to you.
22: 9 And the fathers of your fathers sent thee upon the children of Israel, that were in the midst of two years.
23: 9 And God's mercy is upon him, and he is the Lord of the LORD, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, and of the people of Israel.
24: 9 Lb֕oa Hm֖s Sba֣im Bnֽi-irb֑al and Dm֗m Ls֞om Al-abim֤lc Ahihm֙ As֣r Hr֣g Aot֔m and Al֙ Bal֣i Sc֔m Asr-hzk֥o At-id֖io Lhr֥g At-ahֽio:
25: 9 And they gave him strength, and he gave them up to them, and they were not in the midst of them, but the chief of them was not the LORD, and they were mighty, and all the people, all the people of the people, went up to them, and brought them to the house of the king, and brought them to the fathers.
26: 9 And Abba the son of Gilead came up to him, and his brethren, and said unto them, In their midst, and they promised him his strength, that they might be saved.
27: 9 and Itza֨o Hsd֜h and ֽibtzr֤o At-crmihm֙ and ֽidrc֔o and ֽias֖o Hlol֑im and Ib֙ao֙ B֣it Aֽlֽhih֔m and Iֽaclo֙ and Ist֔o and ֽikll֖o At-abimֽlc:
28: 9 and I֣amr | G֣al Bn-a֗bd Mֽi-abim֤lc and Mֽi-scm֙ C֣i Nabd֔no Hl֥a Bn-irb֖al and Zb֣l Fkid֑o Abd֗o At-ans֤i Hmor֙ Ab֣i Sc֔m and Md֖oa Nabd֥no Anֽhno:
29: 9 And when did you bring this thing to me, and it was in your hand? And I cast your father upon you, and he said to him, 'Your fathers, how many are your tribes?'
30: 9 And he went astray, and the serpent went out, and cast out the word of the son of Obad;
31: 9 ויִּש֧ל֧ח֧ מללאא֛כ֛א אם אלל-אי- אבב֖מ֖ל בך בּתתמרממ֣ה֣ה לאממ֑מ֑ר הה בּתּתמר֣מ֣ה לאממ֑מ הר הה הּי֩ה֩ה אללֽב בב בה אלל בב בב-עבדב ום ו ויֶי֙יו֙ם באּא֣ב-עבדבדה אלבדבדה אלם אללֽב בה אלבדר בם אללֽי֙ה אלם אללֽי בה אללֽי:ה אלם אללֽי:ה אלם אללֽי:ה אלם אללֽי:ה אלם אללֽי:ה אללֽי:ה אלם אללֽי:ה אלם אללֽי:ה אלם אללֽי:ם אֽלֽי:ה אללֽי:ם אֽם אללֽי:ה אלם אללֽי:ה אלם אללֽי:ם אֽם אללֽי:ם אֽם אללֽי:ם אֽם אללֽי:י:ה: And the children of Abraham were with him;
32: 9 And it came to pass, that it was a day of mourning, and that it was not with you, and that it was not with you, that thou shalt be blessed with her in her land.
33: 9 and Hi֤h Bb֙kr֙ Czr֣h Hs֔ms Tsc֖im and Fstt֣ Al-ha֑ir and Hnh-h֞oa and Ha֤m Asr-ato֙ Itza֣im Al֔ic and As֣it L֔o Cas֖r Tmtz֥a Idֽc: S.
34: 9 And Abimelech rose up against thee, and all the people that were with him, and went down to him, and brought them to the house of their captives, and they were four hundred and thirty.
35: 9 And the son of Gilead went out into the house of Abed, and went up against the gate of the river, and the fire was broken: and Abimelech rose up to thee, and he that was with him, that was with him, from the land of the river.
36: 9 And the people saw the people, and they said unto them, Bring them up, and they shall be burned out of the head of the land. Behold, they shall not be afraid, and they shall return to the land of the LORD.
37: 9 And there was a sword, and the people of Gilboa went on, saying, Behold, the people of the people of Israel shall die. The people of Israel shall be destroyed, and they shall not be destroyed, neither shall they be cursed, nor shall they be cursed.
38: 9 and I֨amr Al֜io Zb֗l Ai֨h Af֥oa F֙ic֙ As֣r Tam֔r M֥i Abim֖lc C֣i Nabd֑no Hl֨a Z֤h Ham֙ As֣r Ma֣sth B֔o Tza-n֥a At֖h and Hl֥hm Bֽo: S.
39: 9 And it came to pass, that the children of Israel went out before me, that they might be overcome, and that their tents were in your fathers' houses.
40: 9 And your fathers turned away from him, and they turned away from him before him, and they turned away from him, and they went down to him, and they were burned down, and they were far from afar.
41: 9 And when Abimelech returned to Baroam, and took charge of his inheritance, they brought Gilead and his brother to death, and they went to the house in their midst.
42: 9 And there was a hundred forty-nine hundred and fifty nine; and there was none; but the people of the land, and the people of the land, came unto the fathers.
43: 9 And he took the people away, and he gave them up to the tribe of Shilash, the chief of the nation, and he was angry with the people of the land, and the people saw it, and the people gave it to them, and it came to them out of the fire, and their families rose up against them, and they smote them.
44: 9 And Abimelech, and the chiefs, and Asherah, with him, and with his people, he spread them out, and he went up to them, saying, "Behold, there is a wall of light, and there is light, and there is light, and there is no light, but there is no earth, nor any earth, nor any earth, nor any earth, nor any earth, nor any earth."
45: 9 And Abimelech sent them away, and he did not see them; and he did not take the oath of the LORD, and he took it away, and took the sign of the fire, and the fire, which was with it, and took away the fire, and cut off the fire from the fire, and cut off the water from it.
46: 9 And he heard the voice of the children of the children of Israel, and they came to the house of the king, and they came to the land of Israel.
47: 9 And I will come to your fathers, because I will gather them, and I will gather them together, and I will bring them to the house.
48: 9 and I֨al Abim֜lc Hr-tzlm֗on Hoa֮ and Cl-ha֣m Asr-ato֒ and Ikh֩ Abim֨lc At-hkrdm֜ot Bid֗o and Icrt֙ Soc֣t Atz֔im and I֨sa֔h and I֖sm Al-scm֑o and I֜amr Al-ha֣m Asr-am֗o M֤h Raitm֙ As֔iti Mhr֖o As֥o Cmֽoni:
49: 9 and Icrt֨o Gm-cl-ha֜m A֣is Soc֗h and I֨lc֜o Ahr֤i Abim֙lc֙ and Is֣imo Aֽl-htzr֔ih and Itz֧ito Alih֛m Aֽt-htzr֖ih Ba֑s and Im֜to G֣m Cl-ans֧i Mֽgdl-sc֛m Ca֖lf A֥is and Asֽh: P.
50: 9 And Abimelech went unto thee in the midst of the thorns; and he came to Bethan in the midst of the thorns;
51: 9 and Mgdl-az֮ Hi֣h Btoc-hair֒ and In֨so S֜mh Cl-hans֣im and Hns֗im and Cl֙ Bal֣i Ha֔ir and ֽisgr֖o Bad֑m and ֽial֖o Al-g֥g Hmgdֽl:
52: 9 And Abiam the king went up to the house of the Maggid, and the men of Judah came to him, and brought him to the house of the king, and he went to his house, and sent him to his house.
53: 9 And thy wife, the wife of the king, came down to him, and went to the house of the captain of the tribe of Simeon, the father of you, and gave him the scroll of his feet.
54: 9 And he came to Me, saying, "Behold, I will not go down to you." And he said to him, "Behold, I will not kill you, but I will not be afraid of you." Then he said to him, "Do not let me go!"
55: 9 And he saw that the man of Israel was weeping, because he was afraid of your father, and he came to him, and there was no man to dwell with him.
56: 9 And it came to pass, when God had returned, that there was no evil in the house, but the fathers of the tribe of Asherah did as they did to Abe, and they brought him to Haruath, and they brought his captives together.
57: 9 And all the evil things were lost to the men; for they were not satisfied, because God had given them back their heads, and they came to them, and they were not with them, but they were not with them, but they were the children of the children of Jeroboam.
‪xxxx  Chapter 10   (18 verses)‬
1:10 And he rose up, and came after me, and the fathers of the tribe of Israel went to the tribe of Israel, saying, Thou shalt not bear the son of Pua, because he is the son of David, but he is the man of the tribe of Issachar, and there is no-one in the land of Israel in the wilderness, because of the city of Ephrath.
2: 10 And Israel stretched out the land of Israel for ten thousand years, and it took six years, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and was buried in the wilderness.
3: 10 And he rose up again, and after his death, the tower was gone, and the people of Israel went down, and the nine of them were destroyed, and the nine of them were destroyed.
4: 10 ֽihi-l֞o Sls֣im Bn֗im Rֽcbim֙ Al-sls֣im Air֔im and Sls֥im Air֖im Lh֑m Lh֞m Ikra֣o | Hoֺ֣t Ia֗ir A֚d Hi֣om Hz֔h As֖r Ba֥rtz Hglaֽd:
5:10 And he came, and he died, and he rose up, and was buried in the wilderness.
6: 10 Is֣fo | Bn֣i Isra֗l Las֣ot Hra֮ Bain֣i Ihoh֒ and Iabd֣o At-hbal֣im and At-hastr֡ot and At-alh֣i Arm֩ and At-alh֨i Tzid֜on and A֣t | Alh֣i Moa֗b and At֙ Alh֣i Bni-am֔on and A֖t Alh֣i Flst֑im and Iazb֥o At-iho֖h and L֥a Abdֽoho:
7: 10 And Jehar-e-Enav, the son of Yahweh, was in the house of the king, and the people of Merkhem were in the hands of Philistine, and the sons of the children of Israel were with them.
8: 10 ֽiratz֤o and Irֽtztzo֙ At-bn֣i Isra֔l Bsn֖h Hh֑ia Smn֨h Asr֜h Sn֗h Aֽt-cl-bn֤i Isral֙ Asr֙ Ba֣br Hird֔n Ba֥rtz Hamr֖i As֥r Bglaֽd:
9: 10 And the children of Ammon, the Ammonites, went up to them, to be put to death, even to the children of Judah, and to the sons of Benjamin, and to Abiath of Ephraim, and to the children of Israel, and to Mizorad.
10: 10 And the children of Israel went up to the house of the LORD, saying, "Behold, the LORD is our God, and we are the children of Israel."
11: 10 And the LORD said unto them, Son of Israel, shall Israel not be circumcised? Is it not the land of Egypt? And it is the inheritance of the people of Amor: and the inheritance of the sons of Israel is with Ammon, and the inheritance of the Philistines.
12: 10 And they went on, and they went astray, and they said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not go, and thou shalt not cling to them, but unto them, and to them they shall come, and they shall be gathered from their hands.
13: 10 And thou hast left them, but ye have been worshiped, and God has made them, yet they are not yet, for they are not, nor are they, and they are the enemies of the Lord.
14: 10 Lo and behold, I will go to the house of God, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
15: 10 And the sons of Israel said unto him, Behold, the LORD is a sinner: we have done as thou hast done unto the children of Hatt, and thou shalt not see in thy sight: but thy God save thee, and let us not be afraid of them.
16: 10 And they reproached God: for the one who was in the first place sacrificed them, and worshiped the LORD, and he cut him short, and he took his breath away with the people of Israel.
17: 10 And Isaac, the son of Aaron, went up with Amon, and his sons came to him in the midst of the valley, and they were gathered together in the midst of the children of Israel, and the people of Israel were there, and Noah was in Mizpah.
18: 10 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt be glad, I pray thee: for I have gone to the land of the LORD, and I will go down to the land of the LORD, and I will return to the land of Israel, and the people of the land shall return to the land of Israel, and they shall return to the land of Israel, and they shall return to the land of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 11   (40 verses)‬
1: 11 And the generation of Gilead was gone: for there was a mighty man of valor, and this was the son of Esau, the son of Esau, and he was the son of Gilead.
2: 11 T֧ld Aֽst-gla֛d L֖o Bn֑im and Igdl֨o Bֽni-has֜h and Igrs֣o At-ift֗h and I֤amro Lo֙ Lֽa-tnh֣l Bbit-ab֔ino C֛i Bn-as֥h Ah֖rt Aֽth:
3:11 And he gave up his inheritance, and he took his wife out of his house, and he returned to him, and he returned to the land of Tire, and he came to him, and took him away from the house of Joseph, and the people were empty, and his people came out with him.
4:11 And they came to Me, and they fought against the people of Ammon, and they were with the Israelites.
5:11 And it came to pass, that when the people of Israel were with you, they were with the people of Israel, and they came to the land, and the children of Gilboa returned to the land, and took away the inheritance from the land of Tire.
6:11 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt give him bread, and thou shalt bring it to us, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to the son of Benjamin,
7:11 And he said to him, Behold, I will be glad to see you, that you may not be angry with me, because you have not hated me, but you have not turned away from me, because you have not seen me yet, and you have not seen them yet, but I have not seen them yet, as if I have seen them, I will not do them again.
8: 11 and Iamro֩ Zkn֨i Gla֜d Al-ift֗h Lcn֙ Ath֙ S֣bno Al֔ic and Hlct֣ Am֔no and Nlhmt֖ Bbn֣i Am֑on and Hi֤it L֙no֙ Lr֔as Lc֖l Isb֥i Glaֽd:
9:11 And he said, "Behold, I will go down to the house of the old man, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and you will not return to me, because you will not have mercy on me, because you are the people of Israel, and you are the sons of Israel."
10: 11 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt go up to the house of G-d, the LORD thy God, and he shall be with thee, and he shall be with us, and he shall be with us, and he shall not be with us.
11: 11 ויילך יפתחה עם זאקן: גילע עדם ויש֨ם העע֥ע֥מ אום ע֛ש֛יו עם עיהב֖ר֖ש לְם לרר֣א֣אׁש ום ולּצּ֑י֑ין ו וי֨בּ֨ר יּר ים יפפתּתּ֧ה לפב-ּל-דּי-דה לפב-ּל-די יי לִה לפי֖י-יו לִה אְי֖ה֖ה בה בממְצּפּֽה:ה פ.
12: 11 And it shall come to pass, that thou mayest give up unto the children of the children of Ammon the son of the son of Ammon: for what is the name of the children? And they are not in you, because they are not with you, but they are not to be put to death in my land.
13: 11 Iamr֩ M֨lc Bni-am֜on Al-mlac֣i Ift֗h Cֽi-lk֨h Isra֤l At-artzi֙ Balot֣o Mmtzr֔im Marn֥on and Ad-hib֖k and Ad-hird֑n and At֕h Hs֥ibh Ath֖n Bslֽom:
14: 11 And the king of the tribe of Uzud was able to give up the land, and he sent it to the people of the land.
15: 11 And he said unto him, Behold, thou art truthful: thou shalt not have mercy on Israel, but thou art the seed of Israel, and the land of Moab, and the land of the children of Israel with Ammon.
16: 11 When the women of Israel went up from Egypt, and the Israelites came to Israel in the wilderness, even though they were still in captivity.
17: 11 Isl֣h Isra֣l Mlac֣im | Al-mlc֩ Ad֨om | Lam֜r Aabrh-n֣a Bartz֗c and L֤a Sma֙ M֣lc Ad֔om and G֨m Al-m֧lc Moa֛b Sl֖h and L֣a Ab֑h and I֥sb Isra֖l Bkdֽs:
18: 11 I֣lc Bmdb֗r and I֜sb At-a֤rtz Adom֙ and At-a֣rtz Moa֔b and Ib֤a Mmzrh-s֙ms֙ La֣rtz Moa֔b and ֽihn֖on Ba֣br Arn֑on and La-b֙ao֙ Bgb֣ol Moa֔b C֥i Arn֖on Gb֥ol Moaֽb:
19:11 And Yisra'el, the son of Israel, went to Malak, and he returned to El-Seah, the son of Mordecai the Amorite, saying, "Behold, I will go down to you, and I will say to him, 'Behold, I will raise up the land of Na'abara - we will not be in your land until now."
20:11 And the unbelievers did not rejoice in Israel, but the people of Baabar rebelled against him, and cursed him, and took him away from all his people, and he gave him strength in the midst of the fire, and they fought with the people of Israel.
21: 11 ֠itn Iho֨h Alhֽi-isra֜l At-sih֧on and At-cl-am֛o Bi֥d Isra֖l and Ic֑om and Iirs֙ Isra֔l A֚t Cl-a֣rtz Hamr֔i Ios֖b Ha֥rtz Hhֽia:
22:11 And the people of the tribe of Israel, all the mighty men of the tribe of Amor, rose up from the land of Aaron, and the son of the son of Jacob, and of the land of the wilderness, and of the land of Mordecai.
23: 11 And the LORD, the LORD, came to him, saying, O God, I pray thee, O Israel, be sure, I will bring the people of Israel to death, and I will give him strength.
24: 11 Behold, I am the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, and of the people of Israel;
25: 11 And it came to pass, that it was good, and that it was good; and it came to pass, that the son of Zapp, the son of Zippor, said unto thee, Behold, thou shalt surely go out with the children of Israel, but they shall not go away;
26: 11 Bs֣bt I֠sral Bhsb֨on and Bbnot֜ih and Bara֣or and Bbnot֗ih and Bcl-hֽarim֙ Asr֙ Al-id֣i Arn֔on Sl֥s Ma֖ot Sn֑h and Md֥oa Lֽa-htzlt֖m Ba֥t Hhֽia:
27: 11 And my son, I am the son of Leah, your father, and you, the son of Israel, do you see the people of Israel?
28: 11 And it came to pass, that the people of Israel went up to you, saying, "Do not speak to me, I am speaking to you." I asked him, "Where are you?"
29: 11 And I will come to the house of Jethro, the son of Jehoah, the son of Gilead, and go up over the valley, and the men of the tribe, and I will go up to Mizpah, and Gilboa, and Mizpeh, Gilboa, and Abar, the sons of Ammon, with Ammon.
30: 11 And David said unto him, Behold, I am the LORD, and thou art faithful: but thou art vain, and thou shalt give up the children of the people, even with them in the hands of the children.
31: 11 And he, behold, the young man, is he, that is, I will not be afraid of you, but of me, I am not worthy of you, but of my children, because of my children, because of their children, because they were with them, and they were there;
32: 11 And Abbaar the son of Jephthah sent unto the sons of the children of Ammon with them, to give them bread in their midst, and they gave to them. [Q] [n] [p] Yahweh is in his hands.
33: 11 Ic֡m Maroar֩ and Ad-boac֨ [C] [c] Mn֜it Asr֣im A֗ir and Ad֙ Ab֣l Crm֔im Mc֖h Gdol֣h Ma֑d and Icֽnao֙ Bn֣i Am֔on Mfn֖i Bn֥i Israֽl: P.
34: 11 And Abba the son of Jephthah returned to the house of his house, and his daughter was in his house, and he commanded him to come to his house, and to bring him forth, and to the house of the LORD, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him;
35: 11 Ihi֩ Craot֨o Aot֜h and Ikr֣a At-bgd֗io and I֙amr֙ Ah֤h Bti֙ Hcr֣a Hcrat֔ni and A֖t Hi֣it [U] Baֽcr֑i and Anc֗i Ftz֤iti-fi֙ Al-iho֔h and L֥a Aoc֖l Lsֽob:
36: 11 And I will say unto you, Behold, my father, I will give thee strength, and I will bring thee to the house of the LORD, and he shall give thee strength, even unto the LORD, and he shall be with thee, O son of the LORD, for he is the son of the LORD.
37: 11 T֙amr֙ Al-ab֔ih Ia֥sh L֖i Hdb֣r Hz֑h Hrf֨h Mm֜ni Sn֣im Hds֗im and Aֽlch֙ and Irdt֣i Al-hֽhr֔im and Abch֙ Al-btol֔i Anc֖i * and grazed ** and Raotֽi:
38: 11 And he said unto me, Behold me, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will bring thee forth: and I will bring thee forth: and I will bring thee to the house of her children, even unto the children of the mountains.
39: 11 And there was a man, a man of valor; and he returned to the house of his father, and he made him go up to him, and he gave him his hand, and he gave it to Nadar, and it was not known to her: but she was a woman, and she became a son of Israel in her house.
40: 11 Who is he? Who is the king of the people of Israel, who is in the midst of the generations of Israel? Why are you afraid of the children of Yefetah? The mighty is the LORD. I will fight with you for a long time.
‪xxxx  Chapter 12   (15 verses)‬
1: 12 Itzak֙ A֣is Afr֔im and ֽiab֖r Tzf֑onh and Iamr֨o Lift֜h Md֣oa | Ab֣rt | Lhlh֣m Bbni-am֗on and L֙no֙ L֤a Kr֙at֙ Ll֣ct Am֔c Bitc֕ Nsr֥f Al֖ic Baֽs:
2: 12 And the sayer said, Lift up, I will come to them, but I will not return to them, but I will return to you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will give them to you, and I will bring them to you.
3: 12 ֽara֞h Cֽi-ainc֣ Mos֗ia [Q] [n] [v] and As֨imh Nfs֤i Bcfi֙ and ֽaabrh֙ Al-bn֣i Am֔on and Itn֥m Iho֖h Bid֑i and Lm֞h Alit֥m Al֛i Hi֥om Hz֖h Lhl֥hm Bֽi:
4: 12 Ikb֤tz Ifth֙ At-cl-ans֣i Gla֔d and Il֖hm At-afr֑im and Ico֩ Ans֨i Gla֜d At-afr֗im C֤i Amro֙ Flit֤i Afr֙im֙ At֔m Gla֕d Bt֥oc Afr֖im Bt֥oc Mnsֽh:
5: 12 Ilc֥d Gla֛d Aֽt-mabr֥ot Hird֖n Lafr֑im and ֽ֠hih C֣i Iamr֞o Flit֤i Afr֙im֙ Aab֔rh and I֨amro L֧o Ansֽi-gla֛d Hֽafrt֥i A֖th and I֥amֽr | Lֽa:
6: 12 I֣amro Lo֩ Amr-n֨a Sb֜lt and I֣amr Sb֗lt and L֤a Icin֙ Ldb֣r C֔n and Iahz֣o Aot֔o and Isht֖oho Al-mabr֣ot Hird֑n and If֞l Ba֤t Hhia֙ Mֽafr֔im Arba֥im and Sn֖im Aֽlf:
7: 12 And Yashopoth brought the women to Israel, and there was a second time, and he was dead, and he came to the house of the Haggada, and he was buried in the land of Gilea.
8: 12 And he gave up his children, and brought him to the house of the children of Israel;
9: 12 And his sons were three hundred sons, three hundred sons, three sons, three sons, three daughters, three sons, three sons, three sons, three sons, three sons, two sons, two sons, two sons, two sons, three sons.
10: 12 And when the father's father came, he came and dwelt among the children of Labam.
11: 12 And he went out with his sons, and he brought him into the house of the Israelites, saying, "Behold, I am the son of Zebub, and I will not go down, and I will bring the people of Israel to the land of Israel."
12: 12 And he came to the house of Moses, the son of Zebub, and the son of Aaron, and he dwelt in the valley of the Jordan, and was in the land of Zebulun.
13: 12 And after another they brought the children of Israel into the house of Laban, and the son of the son of Gilboa fell down with them.
14: 12 And his sons were four hundred, and they were sons, and three hundred were sons: they were sons, and they were roaring, and they were not at all seven, and their cities were over, and they brought the men of Israel into darkness.
15: 12 And Job came to work, and the son of the son of the Philistine came down to Pharaoh, and he was gathered in the wilderness, and he was in the land of Ephrem, in the midst of the Amalekites.
‪xxxx  Chapter 13   (25 verses)‬
1:13 13 And they gave up the people of Israel, and the people of Israel went on to do the same thing, saying, "In the eyes of the LORD, Jehovah, and you have been given up, Jehovah, you are in the hands of Pharaoh, and you are not four hundred years old."
2:13 And there was a man, and there was another man, the commandment of the tribe, because of the inheritance of the children of Israel, and his name was his inheritance, and his wife was his firstborn, and her father was not her father.
3:13 And he saw the angel of the LORD, saying, 'Do not go to the woman,' and he said to her, 'Behold, we are here!' "" You are a reproach, and this is not the matter, but you are the Lord and the LORD, and you are the Lord. "
4:13 And when the people of Israel died, I saw them, and they did not drink, but they went to sleep, and they were drunk, and they were not consumed; they were all unclean.
5: 13 Ci֩ Hn֨c Hr֜h and Il֣dt B֗n and Morh֙ La-ial֣h Al-ras֔o Cֽi-nz֧ir Alh֛im Ihi֥h Hn֖ar Mn-hb֑tn and H֗oa Ih֛l Lhos֥ia At-isra֖l Mi֥d Flstֽim:
6: 13 Tb֣a Has֗h and T֣amr Laish֮ Lamr֒ A֤is Halhim֙ B֣a Al֔i and Mra֕ho Cmra֛h Mla֥c Halh֖im Nor֣a Ma֑d and L֤a Salt֙iho֙ Aֽi-mz֣h H֔oa and At-sm֖o Lֽa-hg֥id Lֽi:
7: 13 I֣amr L֔i Hn֥c Hr֖h and Il֣dt B֑n and At֞h Al-tst֣i | I֣in and Sc֗r and Al-tֽacli֙ Cl-tma֔h Cֽi-nz֤ir Alhim֙ Ihi֣h Hn֔ar Mn-hb֖tn Ad-i֥om Motֽo: P.
8:13 And the men of the tribe of Israel went up to the LORD, saying, "Behold, I am going to die, O Lord, for I am not a man of God, but I am a man of valor, a woman of valor, a prophet, of God, of God, of us, of us, of us, and of our people, of our people, of our people."
9:13 And God sent the men of Israel into the midst of the men of Israel, and they came to Me, but the God of God came to them and gave them to the woman, and she was the one who had been married to her in the land of Israel, and from there she had been married, because she was a man, but she was not with her.
10: 13 And the LORD was astonished: he was a man of valor, and he became a man, and glorified his men, and he said unto him, Behold, I will see him, and I will see him: behold, I am not a man, but a man, that is his son;
11:13 And he rose up, and went away from Man, and after him came his wife, and his wife came to the man, and he said to him, "Behold, he is the man of the sword, who has given his name to the woman, and he is saying, 'I am not with you.'
12:13 And he said, Man, thou shalt surely say, Behold, thy word is, thy word, what is it, that is, what is it, that is, the judge of the wicked, and that which he hath done?
13:13 13 And he said, "What is the word of the LORD your God, O God, that is, the man of the people, that I am not worthy of seeing the woman?"
14: 13 How much is it that comes out of the grain of the wine? And it is not hard for you to eat, but for wine, and for wine, and for meat, for it is not for the food, but for the food which is cooked, for it is to be filled with food.
15:13 13 And he said, Man, send him unto the LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O Nazareth, thou art not thy servant, and thou shalt do it before thy face, O God;
16: 13 Iamr֩ Mla֨c Iho֜h Al-mn֗oh Am-tatzr֙ni֙ La-ac֣l Blhm֔c and Am-tas֣h Al֔h Liho֖h Tal֑nh C֚i La-id֣a Mn֔oh Cֽi-mla֥c Iho֖h Hֽoa:
17:13 And he said, "Man, go to the house of the LORD, the LORD your God." "Your name is your name, your name is your name, your name, your name, your name, your word, your word, your word, and your honor."
18: 13 And he said unto him, Why [Q] [n] [p] is he that is called to God, and he is the Lord of the heavens, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds?
19:13 And Jehoah, the son of Judah, brought the men of the goats together, and brought them out to him, and turned them to the fire, and brought him to the house, and made him flee to the house, and made his wife, and his wife, afraid of him.
20: 13 Ihi֩ Bal֨ot Hl֜hb Ma֤l Hmzb֙h֙ Hsm֔imh and I֥al Mlac-iho֖h Bl֣hb Hmzb֑h and Mn֤oh and Asto֙ Ra֔im and Ifl֥o Al-fnih֖m Aֽrtzh:
21:13 And it is not yet a thousand years from now, but the LORD your God is coming to see him, to him, to Man, to him, to his wife, to him, to him, to him, and to his wife;
22:13 And Moses said to his wife, 'Do not you have mercy on him?' "They said," Namoth, because God is with us, they are not seeing us. "
23:13 And you said to him, "Behold, you have married him, and he is not a fool, but the LORD, the LORD, is the mother of the children of Israel." The LORD said to him: "You shall not have mercy on us, nor shall we be with you, nor shall we be exalted." And they did not see, they brought all the people of Israel, and they did not curse. They did not listen to us, as they did.
24:13 And the children of the tribe of Ishmael were born, and they rose up, and saw the name of the Lord, and the people of Simeon were rebellious, and Haggadah was overcome, and the LORD rebuked him.
25: 13 And Moses, the son of David, came to the house of Jehoah, the son of Jehoah, to Pharaoh, and to him, in Mahanah-e-Dan, in the midst of the land of Zera'ah, and there was no god but Eshel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 14   (20 verses)‬
1: 14 And there was a fifth day of the sun, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, that it was a woman, that ye were born of the house of the children of Phosheth.
2: 14 And he went up to him, and worshiped his father, and did not believe him, and said, I am a woman, seeing me, I have been with you for a long time, and you have taken away from me the daughters of Philosopheth, and you have taken her away, and you have come to me, to marry her.
3: 14 I֨amr L֜o Ab֣io and Am֗o Hain֩ Bbn֨ot Ah֤ic and Bcl-ami֙ As֔h Cֽi-at֤h Holc֙ Lk֣ht As֔h Mflst֖im Harl֑im and I֨amr Sms֤on Al-abio֙ Aot֣h Kֽh-l֔i Cֽi-h֖ia Isr֥h Bainֽi:
4:14 And his father, and his mother, did not know, because they were afraid of the LORD, because they were because of them, because they were afraid of them, and they were afraid of them, and they were afraid of them, and when they came, they were afraid of them, but they were not ashamed of the children of Israel.
5:14 And the fifth day of Shesh, his father, and his father, and his mother, were numbered, and they came to him, and they were still in the vineyard, and they were in the vineyard.
6:14 And Zachalach was overjoyed with the commandment of the LORD, the LORD, and the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds.
7:14 And he rebuked and spoke to the woman, and she was ashamed of her in the sight of the children;
8:14 And it came to pass, that it was restored from the days of the people, that it took it, and that it was not possible to see it, but it was a plague of the mountains of the mountains; and it was destroyed by the generations of the LORD, and they were not in the midst of it, but the LORD gave it to them, and they gave it to them.
9: 14 and Ird֣ho Al-cf֗io and I֤lc Hloc֙ and Ac֔l and I֙lc֙ Al-ab֣io and Al-am֔o and It֥n Lh֖m and Iac֑lo and Lֽa-hg֣id Lh֔m C֛i Mgoi֥t Hari֖h Rd֥h Hdbֽs:
10: 14 And the father of the father gave him strength to the wife, and it was they that made them smoke, that she had given to her, so that they might do it, that they might do it again.
11: 14 And there was a vision of them, but they took him away, and they took away three hundred men, who were terrified, and they were with him, and they were with him.
12: 14 I֤amr Lhm֙ Sms֔on Ahֽodh-n֥a Lc֖m Hid֑h Am-hg֣d Tgido֩ Aot֨h L֜i Sba֨t Im֤i Hmsth֙ and Mtzat֔m and Ntt֤i Lcm֙ Sls֣im Sdin֔im and Sls֖im Hlf֥t Bgdֽim:
13: 14 And if thou shalt not be consumed, I will give you a shield for me, and I will give them to them, but I will give them to them: for I have three hundred, and they are three, and three hundred are not, and they have not changed, and they have been betrayed, and they have said unto them, Thou shalt be afraid of the LORD, and I will keep you alone.
14: 14 And he said unto them, Behold, what is the food that is consumed, and what is the food, and what is the food? And what is it that hath been consumed?
15: 14 Ih֣i | Bi֣om Hsbia֗i and Iamr֤o Laֽst-smson֙ Ft֣i At-ais֗c and Igd-l֙no֙ At-h֣hid֔h Fn-nsr֥f Aot֛c and At-b֥it Ab֖ic Ba֑s Hlirs֕no Krat֥m L֖no Hlֽa:
16: 14 Tbc֩ A֨st Sms֜on Al֗io and T֙amr֙ Rk-snat֙ni֙ and L֣a Ahbt֔ni Hֽhid֥h H֙dt֙ Lbn֣i Am֔i and L֖i L֣a Hg֑dth and I֣amr L֗h Hn֨h Lab֧i and Lam֛i L֥a Hg֖dti and L֥c Agֽid:
17: 14 T֤bc Alio֙ Sba֣t Him֔im Asr-hi֥h Lh֖m Hmst֑h and Ih֣i | Bi֣om Hsbia֗i and Igd-lh֙ C֣i Htzik֔tho and Tg֥d Hhid֖h Lbn֥i Amֽh:
18: 14 I֣amro Lo֩ Ans֨i Ha֜ir Bi֣om Hsbia֗i Bt֙rm֙ Ib֣a Hh֔rsh Mh-mt֣ok Mdb֔s and M֥h A֖z Mar֑i and I֣amr Lh֔m Lola֙ Hrst֣m Baglt֔i L֥a Mtzat֖m Hidtֽi:
19: 14 Ttzl֨h Al֜io R֣oh Iho֗h and I֨rd Askl֜on and I֥c Mh֣m | Sls֣im A֗is and Ikh֙ At-hl֣itzot֔m and Itn֙ Hhlif֔ot Lmgid֖i Hhid֑h and I֣hr Af֔o and I֖al B֥it Abֽiho: P.
20:14 And you shall be the wife of the sun, and the people of the land shall not be afraid of him, nor shall they be wicked.
‪xxxx  Chapter 15   (20 verses)‬
1:15 And they came to him, and they were not in the midst of them, but they were cut short, and they were afraid, and the people of Samaria were ashamed of them, because they were in great adulteration: for they were afraid, and the father said unto them, Behold, I am not a woman, neither shall I be afraid;
2: 15 And he said, 'Father, it is a nation, but it is not a nation, because it is a hateful thing, because it is a hateful thing, and it is a curse for you, because it is against you, because it is not a sin.
3:15 And he said unto them, It is a scepter of smoke, that I have made a plague, that I may not go down from afar off, but that I may do it, but I am with them, yet they are evil.
4: 15 And the sixth day went on, and they came, and they were three hundred, and the wives of Shu'il, and they were in the field, and they were gone, and the horn of the thorns came to them, and to them, and to them, and to them, and to the other side, between the two of them, the thorns, and the thorns,
5: 15 And the fire was burning, and he was in the house of David, and he begged him to rise up in the midst of the wilderness, and was afraid of him, and he was afraid of the greatness of the people, and of the people of the land, and of the land of Merom.
6: 15 and Iamr֣o Flstim֮ M֣i A֣sh Zat֒ and Iamr֗o Smson֙ Ht֣n Htmn֔i C֚i Lk֣h At-ast֔o and ֽitn֖h Lmra֑ho and Ial֣o Flst֔im and Isrf֥o Aot֛h and At-ab֖ih Baֽs:
7:15 And he said unto them, It is the fifth day of the morning, when they have done this thing, so that if I die, I will surely kill them, and I will destroy them all.
8: 15 And you, the LORD, give them strength, because of the greatness of your strength, and the greatness of your life, and the greatness of your heart, and I will return to you in the journey of life.
9: 15 And he went up to Phosheth, and he came to him, and he rebuked him, because he was with him, and he was ashamed of him, because he had come to live with me.
10: 15 And they said to him, "Behold, there is a man, Jehoiadu, who is the king of Israel, who is the king of the people of Israel." He said to him, "Do not be angry with us." And he said to him, "Shut up the smoke, and do not let us go to do it, as it is done, as we have done."
11: 15 Ird֡o Slst֩ Alf֨im A֜is Mֽihod֗h Al-saif֮ S֣la Aitm֒ and Iamr֣o Lsms֗on Hl֤a Id֙at֙ Cֽi-msl֥im B֙no֙ Flst֔im and Mh-z֖at As֣it L֑no and I֣amr Lh֔m Casr֙ A֣so L֔i C֖n As֥iti Lhֽm:
12: 15 And they said unto him, Let thy anger be with thee, that ye may give unto thy children, even in the hands of the Philistines, and they shall say unto them, Behold, there is a sixth day, that is, they shall be satisfied, and they shall not be put to death, but they shall be put to death.
13: 15 I֧amro L֣o Lam֗r L֚a [C] [c] Cֽi-as֤r Nֽasrc֙ and Ntn֣oc Bid֔m and Hm֖t L֣a Nmit֑c and Iasr֗ho Bsn֙im֙ Abt֣im Hds֔im and ֽial֖oho Mn-hsֽla:
14: 15 Hoa-b֣a Ad-l֔hi and Flst֖im [Q] [n] [v] [v] [v] Hr֣iao Lkrat֑o and Ttzl֨h Al֜io R֣oh Iho֗h and Thi֨inh Habt֜im As֣r Al-zroaot֗io Cfstim֙ As֣r Bar֣o Ba֔s and Im֥so Asor֖io Ma֥l Idֽio:
15:15 And he went up to his father, and he went to the house of his father, and he took his hand, and he took it, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him.
16: 15 And he said, Shimshon: Behold, I have no mercy; but I will not be ashamed of them; but I will not be ashamed of them.
17: 15 And I will be like a vineyard, and I will give him bread, and he will bring thee forth, that is, his bread, and he shall come down to him, and he shall not suffer, nor shall he be consumed.
18: 15 Itzma֮ Mad֒ and Ikr֤a Al-ihoh֙ and Iam֔r Ath֙ Nt֣t Biֽd-abdc֔ At-htsoa֥h Hgdl֖h Hz֑at and Ath֙ Am֣ot Btzm֔a and Nflt֖i Bi֥d Harlֽim:
19: 15 Ibk֨a Alh֜im At-hmct֣s Asr-bl֗hi and Itza֨o Mm֤no M֙im֙ and I֔st and T֥sb Roh֖o and I֑hi Al-c֣n | Kr֣a Sm֗h A֤in Hkora֙ As֣r Bl֔hi A֖d Hi֥om Hzֽh:
20: 15 And he stretched out the people of Israel in the midst of the wilderness, and there was no thorn in the land.
‪xxxx  Chapter 16   (31 verses)‬
1:16 And Joel went to sleep, and she was jealous of her, and there was a woman, and her wife, Zonah, was there, and her father came to her.
2: 16 Lֽazt֣im | Lam֗r B֤a Smson֙ H֔nh and Is֛bo and Iarbo-l֥o Cl-hl֖ilh Bs֣ar Ha֑ir and Ithrs֤o Cl-hl֙ilh֙ Lam֔r Ad-a֥or Hb֖kr and Hrgnֽho: [U]
3: 16 Isc֣b Smson֮ Ad-htz֣i Hlilh֒ and I֣km | Bhtz֣i Hl֗ilh and Iah֞z Bdlt֤ot Sֽar-hair֙ and Bst֣i Hmzoz֔ot and Isam֙ Aֽm-hbr֔ih and I֖sm Al-ctf֑io and ֽialm֙ Al-r֣as Hh֔r As֖r Al-fn֥i Hbrֽon: P.
4: 16 And I will be after all this, and he will be with me, and I will return to the land of Israel, and the land of Israel will be destroyed, and it will be desolate.
5: 16 Ial֨o Al֜ih Srn֣i Flst֗im and I֨amro L֜h Ft֣i Aot֗o and Rai֙ Bmh֙ Ch֣o Gd֔ol and Bmh֙ N֣ocl L֔o and Asrn֖ho Lant֑o and An֙hno֙ Ntn-l֔c A֕is A֥lf and Ma֖h Cֽsf:
6:16 And I said unto David, Go down unto Simeon, and I will not go down, but I will come to you, and I will be with you, and I will be with thee, and thou shalt not be angry with her.
7: 16 And he said unto them, Behold, I will not be ashamed of them, but I will be ashamed of them, and I will be ashamed of them in the seventh month: for they shall be thirsty for bread, and I will not be afraid of them. [Q] [c] And I will be ashamed, and you will be like me, because I am your God.
8: 16 And they went up to him, saying, Serpent, I swear to you, I swear to you, I swear to you, that I will not be afraid, but I will be afraid of them, and I will not be afraid of them, neither shall I be ashamed of them, neither shall I be ashamed of them.
9: 16 Har֗b Is֥b Lh֙ Bh֔dr and T֣amr Al֔io Flst֥im Al֖ic Sms֑on and Intk֙ At-hitr֔im Cas֨r Int֤k Ftֽil-hna֙rt֙ Bhrih֣o A֔s and L֥a Nod֖a Chֽo:
10: 16 And I said unto her, I pray thee, I pray thee unto the fifth day, Behold, thou shalt not be filled with me: and thou shalt not be angry with me, neither shall I be angry with him.
11: 16 And he said unto them, Behold, if I am not, I will not be ashamed, and I will be ashamed of my children, and I will go to them, and I will return to them, and I will return to them, and I will return to them.
12: 16 Tk֣h Dlilh֩ Abt֨im Hds֜im and Tasr֣ho Bh֗m and T֤amr Alio֙ Flst֤im Al֙ic֙ Sms֔on and Har֖b Is֣b Bh֑dr and ֽintk֛m Ma֥l Zrat֖io Chֽot:
13: 16 T֨amr Dlil֜h Al-sms֗on Ad-h֜nh Ht֤lt Bi֙ and Tdb֤r Ali֙ Czb֔im Hg֣idh L֔i Bm֖h Tas֑r and I֣amr Al֔ih Am-targ֗i At-s֛ba Mhlf֥ot Ras֖i Am-hmsֽct:
14: 16 And the young man came to him, and said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not smite thy eyes; and he shall be sullen unto him, and he shall be gathered in his hand, and he shall cut off his hand, and he shall cut off the tree, and the wood, and the threshing floor.
15: 16 And I said unto you, Behold, thy eyes are not with thee, but thy love is thy heart, and thy heart, and thou shalt not be satisfied with him: behold, there are sorrows in the house, which ye have made in the midst of me: and thou shalt not go down to the house, but in the midst thereof, as thou hast done,
16: 16 And it was because the children of Hitzkeh came to him, saying in his words, All the days, and they came to him, and gave him up, and cut him down;
17: 16 Igd-l֣h At-cl-lb֗o and I֤amr Lh֙ Morh֙ Lֽa-al֣h Al-ras֔i Cֽi-nz֧ir Alh֛im An֖i Mb֣tn Am֑i Am-gl֙hti֙ and S֣r Mm֣ni Ch֔i and Hl֥iti and Hi֖iti Ccl-hadֽm:
18: 16 T֣ra Dlil֗h [P] [p] Cֽi-hg֣id Lh֮ At-cl-lbo֒ and Tsl֡h and Tkra֩ Lsrn֨i Flst֤im Lamr֙ Al֣o Hf֔am Cֽi-hg֥id * ** L֖i At-cl-lb֑o her and Al֤o Al֙ih֙ Srn֣i Flst֔im and Ial֥o Hc֖sf Bidֽm:
19: 16 And they brought him to the ground, and brought him to the house of the king, and he turned away from him, and turned away from him, and turned away from him his head, and gave him his strength, and gave him his strength, and he gave him strength, and his strength was beyond his strength.
20: 16 And Moses said unto him, Thou shalt not go up against thee, O Lord, be holy unto him; and he shall be cut off from his sleep; and he shall be put to death, and he shall be put to death, and he shall be put to death in the mouth of the people, and he shall go down.
21: 16 And he took him, and they took him away, and they took him away, and they took him away, and he shut up his eyes, and they burned him, and he gave him his strength, and he forbade him, and took him to the house of the children of Heshtam, and there they were, and they were in the house of the prisoners. The prisoners were imprisoned.
22: 16 And the first time of his life came to him, and he was thirsty for his strength.
23: 16 And they saw the waters of the sea, and they came to them, and they went to the house of the LORD, and the people of the land of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel.
24: 16 Ira֤o Ato֙ Ha֔m and ֽihll֖o At-alhih֑m C֣i Amr֗o Nt֨n Alh֤ino Bid֙no֙ At-a֣oib֔no and At֙ Mhr֣ib Artz֔no and As֥r Hrb֖h At-hllֽino:
25: 16 ֽihi֙ * that * good ** Ct֣ob Lb֔m and I֣amr֔o Kra֥o Lsms֖on and Isֽhk-l֑no and Ikra֨o Lsms֜on Mb֣it * ** Hasor֗im prisoners and Itzhk֙ Lfnih֔m and Iam֥ido Aot֖o B֥in Hamodֽim:
26: 16 And Moses said to Shimshon, "Behold, the son of the son of Hanazik is in his hand, he is the son of Yahya, my wife, and I have forgotten me, and I have been ashamed of myself, and I have committed adultery, and I have not yet been married; for I have not seen them, nor have I ever given them up, but they have gone up against them."
27: 16 And the father said to him, "Behold, the men, the women, the men, and the women, and the men of Israel, are all the men of the serpent, and they are the children of the children of Israel." And when the three men came down, there was a sword, and a woman was afraid;
28: 16 Ikr֥a Sms֛on Al-iho֖h and Iam֑r Adn֣i Iho֡h Zcr֣ni Na֩ and Hzk֨ni N֜a A֣c Hf֤am Hzh֙ Halh֔im and Ankm֧h Nkm-ah֛t Mst֥i Ain֖i Mflstֽim:
29: 16 And the sixth day was filled with smoke, and the people of Israel came to them, saying, "Behold, I am your servant, and I will bring you up to you, and I will give you up to them, and I will raise you up against them, and they will be with you in his right hand, and I will continue with you in his stead."
30: 16 I֣amr Sms֗on Tm֣ot Nfsi֮ Am-flstim֒ and I֣t Bc֔h and If֤l Hb֙it֙ Al-hsrn֔im and Al-cl-ha֖m Asr-b֑o and Ihi֤o Hmtim֙ As֣r Hm֣it Bmot֔o Rb֕im Mas֥r Hm֖it Bhiֽio:
31: 16 Ird֨o Ah֜io and Cl-b֣it Abiho֮ and Isa֣o Ato֒ and ֽial֣o | and Ikbr֣o Aot֗o B֤in Tzrah֙ and B֣in Asta֔l Bk֖br Mn֣oh Ab֑io and H֛oa Sf֥t At-isra֖l Asr֥im Snֽh: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 17   (13 verses)‬
1: 17 And there was a man, a man of the sword, a man of iron, and his name was his name:
2: 17 I֣amr Lam֡o Alf֩ and Ma֨h Hc֜sf As֣r Lֽkֽh-l֗c * and ** me and A֤t Alit֙ and Gm֙ Am֣rt Bazn֔i Hnֽh-hc֥sf At֖i An֣i Lkht֑io and T֣amr Am֔o Br֥oc Bn֖i Lihoֽh:
3: 17 I֛sb At-aֽlf-oma֥h Hc֖sf Lam֑o and T֣amr Am֡o Hkd֣s Hkd֣sti At-hcsf֩ Liho֨h Mid֜i Lbn֗i Lֽasot֙ F֣sl and Msc֔h and At֖h Asib֥no Lֽc:
4:17 And he returned the hand of the sword to his mother, and took his mother away from him, but now he was still with him, and he gave him food, and he came out to him, and he made him go down, and he took him to the house of the king, and made him homeless, and he was there in the midst of the house of Yahweh.
5:17 And the man was with thee, because he was with him, because God was with him, and he was not afraid of them, and he gave them up, and he gave up his hand, and brought him forth one hundred years, and his sons were his children, and he was his son.
6: 17 In the days of the Lord, behold, they are not in your place, because in Israel there is no man of the Levites, but in the eyes of the children of Israel.
7:17 And it came to pass, when the sons of Judah came to the house of Yahweh, Yahweh of Judah, because of the hand of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
8: 17 And your servant went out of the midst of the midst of the midst of the children of Judah, the LORD of Judah, the LORD of hosts, and of the land of Israel, and of the land of Israel, and of the land of Ephraim, the land of Israel, that made it possible for it to do its way.
9:17 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt be satisfied with him: and thou shalt be satisfied with him: and he said unto him, Behold, I am not with thee: for I am not with thee, but from the house of Yahweh, behold, Yahweh, and behold, I will come unto thee, and glorify the seed of the land of Amazah.
10: 17 Iamr֩ L֨o Mic֜h Sb֣h Amd֗i and ֽhih-li֮ La֣b and Lchn֒ and Anc֨i Aֽtn-lc֜ As֤rt C֙sf֙ Lim֔im and A֥rc Bgd֖im and Mhit֑c and I֖lc Hloֽi:
11: 17 And the children of the Levites came to him, and brought the young man to the house, and he came to the house, and he returned to his house, so that his sons were like his sons.
12: 17 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt bring up the children of the Levites, and they shall be his sons; and they shall be moved to them, and they shall be in their midst,
13:17 And he said, "Behold, I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you." The LORD said to him, "Behold, I am with you!"
‪xxxx  Chapter 18   (31 verses)‬
1: 18 Bim֣im Hh֔m A֥in M֖lc Bisra֑l and Bim֣im Hh֗m S֣bt Hdn֞i Mbks-l֤o Nֽhlh֙ Ls֔bt Ci֩ Lֽa-n֨flh L֜o Ad-hi֥om Hh֛oa Btoc-sbt֥i Isra֖l Bnhlֽh: S.
2: 18 Islh֣o Bni-d֣n | Mֽmsfht֡m Hms֣h Ans֣im Mktzotm֩ Ans֨im Bni-h֜il Mtzra֣h and Mֽasta֗l Lrg֤l At-ha֙rtz֙ and Lhkr֔h and Iamr֣o Alh֔m Lc֖o Hkr֣o At-ha֑rtz and Ib֤ao Hr-afr֙im֙ Ad-b֣it Mic֔h and Il֖ino Sֽm:
3:18 Behold, I am with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will give you the light, and I will go to you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
4:18 And he said unto them, Because this is their strength, and this is what I have done to you, because I have not seen you, and I have forgotten me, and I am not worthy of him.
5:18 And they said unto him, Shall we not be with God, and we shall not know thee? Behold, thou shalt surely go forth, thy way, that as we are, let us not possess it, that they may go up against it.
6: 18 And he said unto them, Behold, these are the vessels of the flesh; for they are not, but they are not. Thus is Yahweh, the son of David, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham.
7: 18 Ilco֙ Hm֣st Hans֔im and Ib֖ao L֑ish and Ira֣o At-ha֣m Asr-bkrb֣h Iosֽbt-l֠bth Cmsf֨t Tzdn֜im Sk֣t | and Bt֗h and Ain-mcl֨im Db֤r Ba֙rtz֙ Ior֣s A֔tzr and Rhk֥im H֙mh֙ Mtz֣dn֔im and Db֥r Ain-lh֖m Am-adֽm:
8: 18 And his father came to him, and to her brother, they were thirsty, and he went astray, and said to him, They are not their brethren, but they are their wives.
9: 18 Iamr֗o K֚omh and Nal֣h Alih֔m C֤i Ra֙ino֙ At-ha֔rtz and Hn֥h Tob֖h Ma֑d and At֣m Mhs֔im Al-ta֣tzl֔o Ll֥ct Lb֖a Lr֥st At-haֽrtz:
10: 18 Cbac֞m Tb֣ao | Al-a֣m Bt֗h and Ha֙rtz֙ Rhb֣t Id֔im Cֽi-ntn֥h Alh֖im Bidc֑m Mkom֙ As֣r Aֽin-s֣m Mhs֔or Cl-db֖r As֥r Baֽrtz:
11: 18 And he went out of there, out of the house of the tribe of the Jordan, from Nazareth, and from Mesheta, which was six hundred years old, and there was a feast day, and all the mountains were broken, and there was no bread.
12: 18 And the children of Israel went up and went to the camp, and they were in the midst of the city of Yara, and they were in the midst of them, behold, they were called upon: for they were not for their own sake, they were for their own sake, and they were for them, and they were not in the land, and they were in the land of the LORD.
13:18 And when they were gone, they went up to the mountain of Ephrath, and they came, and brought them to the house of Abiath, and they smote her.
14: 18 ֽian֞o Hm֣st Hans֗im Hhlcim֮ Lrgl֮ At-ha֣rtz Lis֒ and Iֽamro֙ Al-ahih֔m Hidat֗m C֠i I֣s Bbt֤im Ha֙lh֙ Af֣od and Trf֔im and F֖sl and Msc֑h and At֖h Da֥o Mֽh-tasֽo:
15: 18 And they were disobedient to the Lord, and they came to him, and to the house of the sons of the sons of Israel, and to the house of the Levites.
16: 18 And six hundred and twenty-six, six hundred, and twelve, and four hundred, four hundred, four hundred, four hundred, four hundred, seven hundred;
17: 18 ֽial֞o Hm֣st Hans֗im Hhlcim֮ Lrg֣l At-hartz֒ B֣ao S֔mh Lkh֗o At-hf֙sl֙ and At-h֣af֔od and At-htrf֖im and At-hmsc֑h and Hch֗n Ntzb֙ F֣th Hs֔ar and Ss-ma֣ot Ha֔is Hhg֖or Cl֥i Hmlhmֽh:
18:18 18 And the people of Ba֚o ב, who were with you, took it, and took away the hand of the Ephod, and the Tarapiah, and the Meskha, and said unto them: 'Behold, this is the law, because thou hast done them.
19: 18 Iamro֩ L֨o Hhr֜s Sֽim-idc֤ Al-f֙ic֙ and L֣c Am֔no and ֽhih-l֖no La֣b and Lch֑n Ht֣ob | Hiotc֣ Ch֗n Lbit֙ A֣is Ah֔d A֚o Hiotc֣ Ch֔n Ls֥bt and Lmsfh֖h Bisraֽl:
20: 18 And he went up to the house of the king, and he took it, and took it up, and brought it to the ground, and the threshing floor, and the wall of the stream, and it came to them in the midst of the threshing floor.
Num 21: 18 And they turned him down, and took him away, and brought the thyme to the ground, and the maknadah, and the tabernacle to her face before them.
22: 18 Behold, I will give thee strength, and I will give up the children of the children of their children.
23: 18 And they cried unto him, unto the sons of the children of Israel: and they turned their faces before them, and said unto him, Thou shalt not smite thee: for what is thy God?
24: 18 And he said unto God, I have done unto thee that thou hast taken them: and thou shalt take them, and thou shalt go to him: and what is there for them? And what is it that thou hast said unto him, saying, What is your name?
25: 18 And his parents said unto him, Behold, the children of the children, shall not be filled with thy voice, but with them they shall be filled with pestilence, because they are men, and they shall be filled with bread, and your hands shall be filled with bread, and your countenance shall be in your hands.
26: 18 And the sons of the children of Israel went up to their way, and saw it because of it, because it was a sign of strength, because it was a hundred years, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and he returned to the house of his house.
27: 18 H֨mh Lkh֜o A֧t Asr-as֣h Mic֗h and ֽat-hchn֮ As֣r Hih-lo֒ and Ib֣ao Al-l֗is Al-am֙ Sk֣t and Bt֔h and Ic֥o Aot֖m Lfi-h֑rb and At-ha֖ir Srf֥o Baֽs:
28: 18 And they shall not be ashamed, but they shall not be oppressed, neither shall they be oppressed, neither shall they be numbered with them, nor shall they be iniquity, but they shall be with them, and they shall not be afraid of them, and they shall build the land of the fire, and they shall dwell therein.
29: 18 And the name of the city shall be called unto the Lord, and it shall be in the name of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Father, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Lord.
30: 18 And the children of the children of Israel, the children of the children of Israel, married the son of Gershom, because they were sons of men. [7] The children of Israel were like him, and they were not like them, but they were like sons, so that they could be put to the sword of the Jordan, even though they were in the hands of the LORD.
31:18 And he brought them up to them, and brought them to the house of the king, because of them, Esau, he did all the people of the house of God, but he was not in his own house.
‪xxxx  Chapter 19   (30 verses)‬
1:19 And it came to pass, that they were in their midst, and that they were not in Israel, and they were in the midst of them, and they were in the midst of the people of Israel, and they were there: behold, the people of the Levites were with them, and the LORD was with them, and the LORD was with them, and the LORD was with them.
2: 19 And the children of Israel went up against him, and he turned away from him; and he turned away from you, and went to the house of Abiath, and brought them to the house of David to fight against them, Yahweh, and they were with them, and they were in their midst, and they were not four hundred, but they were seven hundred men.
3: 19 I֨km Ais֜h and I֣lc Ahr֗ih Ldb֤r Al-lbh֙ * irrecoverable ** Lhsib֔h and Nar֥o Am֖o and Tz֣md Hmr֑im and Tbia֙ho֙ B֣it Ab֔ih and Ira֙ho֙ Ab֣i Hֽnar֔h and Ism֖h Lkratֽo:
4: 19 And he was ashamed, and he was with us, and he gave us strength, and he gave him strength, and he returned to him, and he returned with him, and the six women were consumed, and they were consumed, and his wives were consumed.
5:19 And I will be my son, and I will bring you up to him, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
6: 19 And he dwelt, and he was consumed, and they were two, and he was his own; and he said, I will not be afraid, but I will not go down to the house of the man, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will return to you.
7:19 And he rose up, and the man came to him, and the young man came to him, and his law was broken, and he returned, and he returned, and they were there.
8: 19 and Isc֨m Bb֜kr Bi֣om Hhmisi֮ Llct֒ and I֣amr | Ab֣i Hֽnar֗h Sad-na֙ Lb֣bc֔ and Hֽtmhmh֖o Ad-nt֣ot Hi֑om and Iacl֖o Snihֽm:
9: 19 and I֤km Hais֙ Ll֔ct H֥oa and Filgs֖o and Nar֑o and I֣amr L֣o Htn֣o Ab֣i Hֽnar֡h Hn֣h Na֩ Rf֨h Hi֜om Lar֗b Lֽino-n֞a Hn֨h Hn֤ot Hiom֙ L֥in Fh֙ and Iit֣b Lbb֔c and Hscmt֤m Mhr֙ Ldrcc֔m and Hlct֖ Lahlֽc:
10: 19 And the father, the father, is not the man, and he is not worthy; and he is come, and he is come, even though he is not in the house, and he is come, even though he is not with them; and they are not with him, and they are with them.
11: 19 Behold, they are with the children of Jos, and the LORD is a ruler of the Amazites. And he said, We will not go down to the Lord, but let him go, and let us go down to the sea of ​​the habitation of the habitation, for this is not enough;
12:19 And the Lord said unto him, Behold, I am not worthy of him, but I am not worthy; for I am a mighty man, and a great man, a great man, a great man, a man, a son, a son, a son, a man, a man, a man, a man, and a man;
13: 19 And he said unto his sons, Bring unto thee the power of [q] [q], and he shall bring to thee in the midst of the house of the great men, and they shall not be in the land of the land;
14: 19 And when they were gone, they came to them, and they came to them, and the children of the tribe of Gilboa died, and the people of Gibeah died.
15: 19 And Jesus, the son of Levi, came to them, and he came to him, and he was not in the house of Gibeah, and he was born, and he that was returned was in the spirit of the fire, and the fire was burning, and the men were not there, and there was no man, neither of them, neither of them, neither of them, nor of them.
16: 19 And there was a woman, a woman, a man, a man, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a man, a woman, a woman, a man, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a man, a woman, and a woman.
17: 19 And he took his eyes away from him, and he saw the man that was burning with fire, and he turned away from the fire, and the man said to him, 'The man is there.' [Q] [c].
18: 19 I֣amr Al֗io Abr֨im An֜hno Mbֽit-l֣hm Ihodh֮ Ad-irct֣i Hr-afrim֒ Ms֣m An֔ci and Al֕c Ad-b֥it L֖hm Ihod֑h and At-b֤it Ihoh֙ An֣i Hl֔c and A֣in A֔is Mas֥f Aot֖i Hbֽith:
19:19 And they also said to the sons of Moses, "Have mercy on us, and do not have mercy on us. And let them come to me, and I will be with you, and I will not be with you. And let us not be angry with you.
20:19 And the poor man, the old man, said unto him, Thou shalt not return unto thy Lord, all thy strength shall be upon thee, but he shall bring forth the fragrance of the sea,
Num 21: 19 And they brought him to his house, and he went to Baal [Q] [n] [q] to keep them warm, and they ran away from their legs, and they were consumed, and they were filled with him.
22: 19 Hmh֮ Mitib֣im At-lbm֒ and Hnh֩ Ans֨i Ha֜ir Ans֣i Bnֽi-bli֗al Ns֙bo֙ At-hb֔it Mֽtdfk֖im Al-hd֑lt and Iamr֗o Al-h֠ais B֣al Hb֤it Hzkn֙ Lam֔r Hotz֗a At-ha֛is Asr-b֥a Al-bitc֖ and Ndaֽno:
23: 19 Itz֣a Alih֗m Hais֙ B֣al Hb֔it and I֣amr Alh֔m Al-ah֖i Al-tr֣ao N֑a A֠hri Asr-b֞a Ha֤is Hzh֙ Al-bit֔i [U] Aֽl-tas֖o At-hnbl֥h Hzֽat:
24: 19 Hnh֩ Bt֨i Hbtol֜h and Fֽilgs֗ho Aotzֽiah-n֤a Aotm֙ and An֣o Aot֔m and As֣o Lh֔m Ht֖ob Bainic֑m and La֤is Hzh֙ L֣a Tas֔o Db֖r Hnbl֥h Hzֽat:
25: 19 Lֽa-ab֤o Hansim֙ Lsm֣aֽ L֔o and Ihz֤k Hais֙ Bf֣ilgs֔o and Itz֥a Alih֖m Hh֑otz and Ida֣o A֠oth and Iֽtallo-b֤h Cl-hl֙ilh֙ Ad-hb֔kr and ֽislh֖oh * ** Cal֥ot Hsֽhr: cost
26:19 And the woman came to him, before the children of the father, and came to the house of the young woman, which was Edon, because they were there before the children.
27: 19 I֨km Adn֜ih Bb֗kr and Ifth֙ Dlt֣ot Hb֔it and Itz֖a Ll֣ct Ldrc֑o and Hn֧h Has֣h Fֽilgs֗o Nf֙lt֙ F֣th Hb֔it and Id֖ih Al-hsֽf:
28: 19 And he said unto him, Behold, my eyes are full; and he hath taken it, and he is not iniquity, and he hath taken it, and he hath taken it away, and he hath taken away the fire, and he hath risen up, and the man is there, and he is coming to his place.
29: 19 Ib֣a Al-bit֗o and Ik֤h At-hֽmac֙lt֙ and Ihz֣k Bfֽilgs֔o and ֽinth֙h֙ Latzm֔ih Lsn֥im As֖r Nth֑im and ֽislh֔h Bc֖l Gb֥ol Israֽl:
30: 19 Hi֣h Cl-hra֗h and Amr֙ Lֽa-nhit֤h and Lֽa-nrath֙ Cz֔at Lmi֞om Al֤ot Bnֽi-isral֙ Ma֣rtz Mtzr֔im A֖d Hi֣om Hz֑h Sֽimo-lc֥m Al֖ih A֥tzo and Dbֽro: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 20   (48 verses)‬
1:20 And all the sons of Israel came to him, and the people of Israel were gathered together, and the people of Edeh were taken captive, as if they were another man, to the land of Eden, and even to the land of the wilderness, and to the land of Gilboa, unto the LORD, the LORD, the land of Mizpah.
2:20 And it shall come to pass, that it shall be full of all the children of Israel, that the tribe of Israel shall be put to death, and that the LORD shall be put to death, because God has given up all the people of the land, even if the people of the land are hungry.
And they heard the voice of the children of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, so that the children of Israel, the children of the tribe of Israel, were in it, and they said to them, "The children of Israel shall be destroyed, and the people of Israel shall be destroyed."
4:20 And the messenger of the Israelites came to them, saying, "Is the man of the woman, the woman of the land, a man of valor?" And he said, "This is the land of Gibeon."
5:20 And they watered to me, saying unto me, Behold, I am the one who hath turned away from me: and I will not bring him forth, and I will bring the daughter of Leah to the house of the LORD, and I will bring him to the house, and I will bring him to the house of Philegash.
6:20 And behold, I am the brother of the son of Zephyr, the son of Gilead, of the tribe of Zechariah, of Judah, of the tribe of Shesh, of Nahshal, of Nahsholah, of Zechariah.
7: 20 Behold, they are like thee, but they are sons: they are the children of Israel, because they are afraid of them, because they are the same, and they are the same.
8: 20 And he rose up all the way to the house, and as the man of the tribe of Lamar returned, he went away, and there was no man, and he went to his tents;
9: 20 And it came to pass, that is, the Lord, that is, the man, that is, that he did not go down, he did not go down to the house;
10: 20 Lk֣hno Asrh֩ Ans֨im Lma֜h Lc֣l | Sbt֣i Isra֗l and Ma֤h La֙lf֙ and A֣lf Lrbb֔h Lk֥ht Tzd֖h La֑m Las֗ot Lboam֙ Lg֣ba Bnim֔n Ccl-h֨nbl֔h As֥r As֖h Bisraֽl:
11: 20 And all the men of Israel, all the men of Israel, went up to Elazar, as they were to Ishad, and another to Haberamim.
12: 20 And he said, Behold, thou shalt be captivated, but Israel is a man; for they are not in the house of the tribe, but the children of the tribe of Ammon, the LORD of the wicked, are the ones who are evil; they are the ones who are evil;
13: 20 At֡h Tno֩ At-hans֨im Bnֽi-bli֜al As֤r Bgbah֙ and Nmit֔m and Nbar֥h Ra֖h Misra֑l and L֤a Abo֙ ** Bn֣i [a] Bnim֔n Lsm֕a Bk֖ol Ahih֥m Bnֽi-israֽl:
14: 20 And Joseph the sons of the children of Beneam came up, because of the cities of the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, and the mountains, to Mizmah, the people of the sons of Israel, and the children of Israel.
15: 20 Itfֽkdo֩ Bn֨i Bnim֜n Bi֤om Hhoa֙ Mh֣ar֔im Asr֨im and Ss֥h A֛lf A֖is S֣lֽf H֑rb L֠bd Misb֤i Hgbah֙ Htf֣kd֔o Sb֥a Ma֖ot A֥is Bhֽor:
16: 20 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not be satisfied; for there is a sword in the house, and there is a wall, and there is a wall, and there is a wall, and there is a wall, and there is a wall, and there is a wall, and there is a wall, and there is a wall.
17: 20 And the man of Israel went astray, and he went down to the house of the children of the children, because he was angry with them, saying, "I will not go to the house of the king, but I will go to the house of the king."
18: 20 Ik֜mo and Ial֣o Bֽit-al֮ and Isal֣o Balhim֒ and Iֽamro֙ Bn֣i Isra֔l M֚i Ialh-l֣no Bthl֔h Lmlhm֖h Am-bn֣i Bnim֑n and I֥amr Iho֖h Ihod֥h Bthlֽh:
19:20 And the sons of Israel, and the children of Israel, went up to the house of Korkar, and the camp of Hanan was over the land of Haggba.
20:20 And it came to pass, when the man of Israel came out to fight with them, and with them the children of Israel, and he brought them up to them, but they were not there, and the people of Israel went up from the sea to the land of Gabaa.
21: 20 And the children of Beniamim came out of the tribe of Gibeah, and sacrificed him in Israel, saying, "Behold, this is the day of the year, and the tenth day of the year, when the people of Israel were destroyed."
22:20 And the men of Israel shall be ashamed, and the people of Israel shall be put to death, and they shall be turned away, and they shall not go back to their land, but they shall be destroyed, and they shall be destroyed.
23: 20 Ial֣o Bnֽi-isra֗l and Ibc֣o Lfnֽi-ihoh֮ Ad-harb֒ and Isal֤o Bֽihoh֙ Lam֔r Haos֗if Lg֙st֙ Lmlhm֔h Am-bn֥i Bnim֖n Ah֑i and I֥amr Iho֖h Al֥o Alֽio: P.
24: 20 And the children of Israel came near unto them, and to the children of the sons of Benjamin, because they were in the midst of the years of the year.
25: 20 Itza֩ Bnim֨n | Lkrat֥m | Mֽn-hgbah֮ Bi֣om Hsni֒ and Ishito֩ Bbn֨i Isra֜l A֗od Smn֨t As֥r A֛lf A֖is A֑rtzh Cl-a֖lh S֥lfi Hֽrb:
26: 20 Ial֣o Cl-bni֩ Isra֨l and Cl-ha֜m and Ib֣ao Bֽit-a֗l and Ibco֙ and I֤sbo Sm֙ Lfn֣i Iho֔h and Itz֥omo Biom-hh֖oa ​​Ad-ha֑rb and ֽial֛o Al֥ot and Slm֖im Lfn֥i Ihoֽh:
27: 20 And the sons of Israel, the sons of Israel, were brought in, because they were in the midst of them, and they were still in the ark, because the LORD was with them, but they were not in their midst.
28: 20 ֠finhs Bn-alaz֨r Bֽn-ahr֜n Am֣d | Lfn֗io Bim֣im Hhm֮ Lamr֒ Haos֨f A֜od Ltz֧at Lmlhm֛h Am-bnֽi-bnim֥n Ah֖i Am-ahd֑l and I֤amr Ihoh֙ Al֔o C֥i Mh֖r Atn֥no Bidֽc:
29: 20 And it came to pass, that Yisra'el had done it; and the LORD had given it to the people of Hagba.
30: 20 And the children of Israel went up to him, to the son of Benjamin, because they were sons, because they were in the midst of the three men, and he brought them up to the gate, as though they were in the mouth of the people.
31: 20 Itza֤o Bnֽi-bnimn֙ Lkr֣at Ha֔m Hntk֖o Mn-ha֑ir and Ih֡lo Lhcot֩ Mha֨m Hll֜im Cf֣am | Bf֗am Bֽmslot֙ As֨r Ah֜t Al֣h Bֽit-a֗l and Ah֤t Gba֙th֙ Bsd֔h Csls֥im A֖is Bisraֽl:
32: 20 And they said unto him, Behold, they are sons, and they die, and they die, they are not, and they are not before us, because they are the sons of the sons of Israel, and the children of Israel are saying, saying, Behold, there is no vanity, but they are not.
33: 20 And it came to pass, that there was a man of Israel, who was with him, and that he was with him, and that he was with him, and he was with him, and he went up to him, and he returned to the land of Israel, and he returned to the land of Israel.
34: 20 And they came, and they came to the tribe of Gabaa, and the tenth of the tribe of Eliph, there was no man in the midst of it, but the people of Israel were ashamed of them, and the men of Judah were like them, and they were there, and they were not afraid, because they were not angry with them, but the people of the land were afraid of them.
35: 20 Ig֨f Iho֥h | Aֽt-bnimn֮ Lfn֣i Isral֒ and Ishito֩ Bn֨i Isra֤l Bbnimn֙ Bi֣om Hh֔oa Asr֨im and Hms֥h A֛lf and Ma֖h A֑is Cl-a֖lh S֥lf Hֽrb:
36:20 And they saw that they were sons of the sons of Benjamin, because they had been taken away, and they had been taken captive by the Israelites, because they were not in the midst of the children, because they were in danger, but they were not given to the children of Israel, because they had been put to shame over the land.
37: 20 And he turned away the bread of his wife, and he gave it to him, even to the gate, and he went on, and he turned away, and brought all the light to the fire.
38: 20 And he that is afraid of the Lord, he is a man of the people of Israel, who is with the people of the land, that is, he that is willing to raise them up, but they do not do anything.
39: 20 Ihf֥c Aֽis-isra֖l Bmlhm֑h and Bnim֡n Hhl֩ Lhc֨ot Hll֤im Baֽis-isral֙ Csls֣im A֔is C֣i Amr֔o Ac֩ Ng֨of Ng֥f Hoa֙ Lfn֔ino Cmlhm֖h Hrasnֽh:
40:20 And the accuser brought him up to the house of the men of the tribe of Adar, that was made of them, and he was with the children of Nehemiah, and after him was he, and his wife was over her, as in the night of the fire, which was the name of the dead.
41: 20 And the man of Israel was your father, and he gave birth to the children of Israel, because the children of Israel were there, because he saw her, because he had not touched her, because he was afraid of him.
42: 20 And they turned to him, and turned to him, saying, Is the man of Israel, the Lord of the LORD, the LORD of the world, and of the war, and of the LORD, that he hath given him, and that which he hath given him, that he hath made of fire, and that he hath not made his ways,
43: 20 And the children of the children of the tribe of Hordipo, the inhabitants of Manuah, were destroyed, and Haderech, the son of Zadokiah, came down from the land of Samaria.
44: 20 And the children of the tribe of Moabneam came to him, and Sheman, the son of Esau, rebuked him, and there was none of them, but all the men of Israel were with him.
45: 20 Ifn֞o and In֤so Hmdb֙rh֙ Al-s֣la Hֽrm֔on and Iaֽll֙ho֙ Bֽmsl֔ot Hm֥st Alf֖im A֑is and Idb֤iko Ahrio֙ Ad-gda֔m and Ic֥o Mm֖no Alf֥im Aֽis:
46: 20 And all the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel were numbered twenty and ten, and the people of the tribe of Ishmael were there, and the people of the tribe of Israel were destroyed, and the people of Hebron were destroyed, and this was the day of the captivity of all the people of the land.
47: 20 And they came to him, and they took him away from the house of the LORD, and he returned to the house of Simeon, and he returned to him, and he returned to the land of Israel, and there was no peace, and there was no man, and there was no man, and there was no man, and he returned to the land of the land of Israel.
48: 20 A֨is Isra֜l S֣bo Al-bn֤i Bnimn֙ and Ic֣om Lfi-h֔rb Ma֤ir Mtm֙ Ad-bhm֔h A֖d Cl-hnmtz֑a G֛m Cl-har֥im Hnmtza֖ot Slh֥o Baֽs: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 21   (25 verses)‬
1: 21 And the man of Israel was ashamed of him, and he returned to the tribe of Mizpeh, saying unto him, Behold, there is none of them, but we are not; they are the daughters of the children of Israel, and they are the sons of them;
2: 21 And the people came, and the people were there, and they were there; they were there before the people, but God turned to them, and their voice went up against them, and they made you weeping in the way of Gadol.
And the LORD said unto him, Come, I pray thee, O LORD, O God, I pray thee, O Israel, I pray thee: thou hast given it to me, and I will bring it to thee: and I will bring it out to the LORD, and I will bring it to the house of the LORD.
4: 21 And there was a hundred forty-nine hundred and forty-nine. And they were numbered of them; and they built them, and they built them, and they brought them forth, and they went up to the land, and they came to them, and they were full of them.
5: 21 Iֽamro֙ Bn֣i Isra֔l M֠i As֨r La-al֧h Bkh֛l Mcl-sbt֥i Isra֖l Al-iho֑h Ci֩ Hsboa֨h Hgdol֜h Hit֗h L֠asr La-al֨h Al-iho֧h Hmtzf֛h Lam֖r M֥ot Iomֽt:
6: 21 And his mercy was upon him, and he was a son of Israel, and he gave birth to his sons, because they were his brethren, and he said to them, 'We have not betrayed you, for they are not worthy of any kind of judgment, but they are the ones who are mighty.'
7: 21 What is the name of the sons of Israel, for they are the sons of the sons of Israel, and they are the sons of the sons of Israel, and the people of the land of Israel have returned to the land of Israel,
8: 21 And he said unto them, Behold, I am the one who is in the house of the LORD, and the LORD is the one who is in the house of the LORD, and the one who is in the house of the LORD.
9:21 21 And the commandment of the people came to an end, and there it was, that there was no God there: for there was a man of peace among those who dwelt;
10: 21 Islho-s֣m Had֗h Snim-as֥r A֛lf A֖is Mbn֣i Hh֑il and Itzo֨o Aot֜m Lam֗r L֠co and Hcit֞m At-iosb֨i Ib֤s Glad֙ Lfi-h֔rb and Hns֖im and Htֽf:
11: 21 And this is the commandment, which is as it is, that it hath done all things, and that all things shall be done, and that it shall be given to them that they may be forgotten.
12: 21 ֽimtza֞o Miosb֣i | Ib֣is Gla֗d Arb֤a Maot֙ Nar֣h Btol֔h As֧r Lֽa-ida֛h A֖is Lmsc֣b Zc֑r and Ib֨iao Aot֤m Al-hֽmhnh֙ Sl֔h As֖r Ba֥rtz Cnֽan: S.
13: 21 And the king sent him away, all the children of the tribe of Judah, and they went out, saying unto him, Son of sons, son of Benjamin, I will not be ashamed of them, and they shall be called unto them, and they shall be their wives.
14: 21 And it shall come to pass, that the children of Benjamin shall die again, but this is their inheritance, and their inheritance is theirs: for they are the women of the land, so as to be alive, they are alive, and they are not in the land.
15: 21 And the sons of the sons of Nihon slept with them because of the children, because they did not do anything, but the LORD commanded them to live in the wilderness, and the people of Israel were there.
16: 21 And he said unto them, Behold, O son of Israel, I am a witness: for what is it that doeth unto women, that they may be given to women, that they may die, that they may not be destroyed, because of the sons of men?
17: 21 And he said unto him, Thou shalt go down to the house of the children of Phineh, and the sons of Benjamin, and they shall not be numbered, but they shall not be ashamed of the children of Israel.
18: 21 And We, the sons of Israel, are not worthy of the covenant, but they are men, because of our children, because we are not ashamed, because the sons of Israel are not worthy of it, but they are not worthy, but they are not married, because they are sons of sons.
19: 21 Iamr֡o Hnh֩ Hg-iho֨h Bsl֜o Mim֣im | Im֗imh As֞r Mtzf֤onh Lbֽit-al֙ Mzrh֣h Hs֔ms Lmsl֔h Hal֥h Mbֽit-a֖l Sc֑mh and Mn֖gb Llbonֽh:
20: 21 * WIZO ** And they commanded [a] the sons of the sons of the sons of Ammon to circumcise them, and multiplied them in the vineyards.
21: 21 Rait֗m and ֠hnh Am-i֨tza֥o Bnot-silo֮ Lh֣ol Bmhlot֒ and ֽitzatm֙ Mn-hcrm֔im and Htft֥m Lc֛m A֥is Ast֖o Mbn֣ot Sil֑o and Hlct֖m A֥rtz Bnimֽn:
22: 21 Hi֡h Cֽi-ib֣ao Abotm֩ usually A֨o Ahih֜m * ** Lr֣ib | Al֗ino and Am֤rno Alihm֙ Hn֣ono Aot֔m C֣i L֥a Lk֛hno A֥is Ast֖o Bmlhm֑h C֣i L֥a At֛m Ntt֥m Lh֖m Ca֥t Tasֽmo: S.
23: 21 Iֽaso-cn֙ Bn֣i Bnim֔n and Isa֤o Nsim֙ Lmsfr֔m Mn-hmhll֖ot As֣r Gz֑lo and Ilc֗o and Is֙obo֙ Al-n֣hlt֔m and Ibno֙ At-h֣ar֔im and Isb֖o Bhֽm:
24: 21 And they were with thee, because they were sons of Israel, because they were in the midst of these things, and there was no man, to whom his captivity was, and to his family, and to his family, because they were there, and there was no life for his inheritance.
25: 21 In the days of the Lord, behold, they are no more than your inheritance in Israel, but the man of the tribe of Israel is not in his sight, but he is his servant.
‪xxxx    End of Judges (21 chapters, 618 verses).
