‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.45. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    1 Kings (22 chapters, 817 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (53 verses)‬
1: 1 And your father shall go to David, and they shall be with him, and they shall be filled with bread, and they shall be covered with him; they shall be in the house of the children, and they shall not be put to death.
2: 1 and I֧amro L֣o Abd֗io Ibks֞o Ladn֤i Hm֙lc֙ Nar֣h Btol֔h and Aֽmdh֙ Lfn֣i Hm֔lc and Thi-l֖o Sc֑nt and Scb֣h Bhik֔c and H֖m Ladn֥i Hmֽlc:
3: 1 And he begged Na'arah, the son of Japh, the son of Israel, and went up, and found him, and he brought him to Abyssinia, and the son of Heshon, and the son of Anzam, and brought them to the house.
4: 1 And the son of Na'ar, the son of Yapa, the son of Amadah, saw it, and he came to him, and he turned away from you, and he turned away from him, and he turned away from him, and he turned away from you.
5: 1 And Adoni, the son of Haggath, was a sinner; he was not a man; but I was not circumcised, but he went up to the house of the king, and the king of Persia, and there were five hundred, and there was no man, and they were thirsty, and were waiting for him before him.
6: 1 And his father, his father, came to him, and his father died from his days, so that he did not do anything, but he did not do it, and he did not do anything, nor did he go to the house of the LORD, and he gave him his strength, and he gave birth to him.
7: 1 And he, behold, the word of the LORD was with him, and the sons of the sons of Zeruiah came to him, and the fathers of the sons of the sons of Israel, and the sons of the sons of Israel.
8: 1 And on the side of the oppressor, the son of Yahweh, and of his children, the son of Jehoiada, the son of Judah, came back, and they came to him, and the prophets came, and he heard them, and they became evil: and they turned away from them, and they turned away from them, saying, As for the children of David, behold, they were not with me, even with my enemies.
9: 1 and Izb֣h Adni֗ho Tz֤an and Bkr֙ and Mr֔ia A֚m A֣bn Hzh֔lt Asr-a֖tzl A֣in Rg֑l and Ikr֗a At-cl-ahio֙ Bn֣i Hm֔lc and Lcl-ans֥i Ihod֖h Abd֥i Hmֽlc:
10: 1 And it came to pass, that thou hast given it to the children, and to him, and to him, and to the mighty, and to Solomon, and to his brother, to him he is not cold.
11: 1 And it came to pass, that they were married to the daughter of Sheba, because the mother of Solomon had not been circumcised, because it was not so long ago, that the LORD had given birth to him, and that his son, Haggaih, and his son Adonai, were still in the house.
12: 1 And I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength: and I will bring thee to thy soul, and thou shalt bring your soul to thee, that is, that thou hast done it.
13: 1 Lc֞i and B֣ai | Al-hm֣lc Do֗d and Am֤rt Alio֙ Hlֽa-at֞h Adn֣i Hm֗lc Nsb֤at Lamֽtc֙ Lam֔r Cֽi-slm֤h Bnc֙ Iml֣c Ahr֔i and H֖oa Is֣b Al-csa֑i and Md֖oa Ml֥c Adniֽho: [1]
14: 1 Behold, thou shalt surely return unto them, that thou shalt not dwell with them, that thou mayest be with them, and I will not be with thee, but afterward I will come to you, and I will fill up thy word with thee.
15: 1 And it came to pass, the daughter of Shepherd, saying unto the king, Behold, the thine is the thine, and the thine own shall be gone, and it shall come to pass, and it shall come to pass, and it shall be taken to the threshing floor.
16: 1 And thou shalt be obedient to the daughter of Sheba, and thou shalt bring joy to your hand, and I will say unto you, What is your inheritance?
17: 1 And he said unto him, Behold, my lord, thou hast come to me; and I will return to thee, and I will return unto thee, O God, thy God, and thy God, O God, thy God, and thy God, and the Lord, I will give thee strength, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
18: 1 And now, behold, I am the Lord of my Lord, Lord of the Universe, and I have come to you, Adonai, the one who is with you is not your God.
19: 1 And he went up to the house of Zoroaster, and to the west, and to Zoran, to Merom, and to Zachar, to Kachl, son of Laban, and to Me, to thee, and to the father of them, that is, that is, and that is not, and that is not,
20: 1 And you, O Lord, have mercy on me, your eyes are upon you, all your children, upon your eyes, to glorify them: for they are not, and they shall be put to death, even upon the throne of the LORD, even if they are not with you.
21: 1 And behold, when the Lord shall dwell with me, I will go down with thy father, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will not be with you, for I have sinned against you.
22: 1 And behold, there is another thing, that is, I am with you, and I am with you, I am with you, and I am with you.
23: 1 And he brought him to the king, saying unto him, Behold, thou hast given it to the children: and it came to pass, and it came to pass before you, and it came to you, and brought it to you, to carry it upon you, even though it was in its place.
24: 1 And he said, Behold, thou hast given it to me, O Lord, that I may go down to thee, but thou art my master, and I will bring him to thee, and I will come after thee again: and behold, he will not go down on my throne.
25: 1 C֣i | Ir֣d Hi֗om and ֠izbh S֥or and ֽmria-otzan֮ Lrb֒ and Ikra֩ Lcl-bn֨i Hm֜lc and Lsr֤i Htzba֙ and Labit֣r Hch֔n and Hn֛m Acl֥im and St֖im Lfn֑io and I֣amr֔o Ih֖i Hm֥lc Adniֽho:
26: 1 And I, behold, I am with thee, and with thy hand, and upon the hand of the sons of Israel, and upon the children of him, son of Yahweh, I pray thee, and go forth, and thy servant is thy servant: thou shalt not be cold.
27: 1 And if thou hast abased the Lord, behold, the LORD hath given thee this thing, and this is the LORD, that is, and it is not, O Lord, that I have gone down, and I have come to thee, and thy servants,
28: 1 And he said unto him, Shall I go to David, and he shall say unto me, Behold, I pray thee, thou shalt not be afraid; and thou shalt come before me: behold, I will go before thee, and go forth before the hand of the king.
29: 1 And I will return to you, and I will follow you, and I will live with the life of the LORD, and I will give you up all my soul.
30: 1 C֡i Casr֩ Nsb֨ati L֜c Biho֨h Alh֤i Isral֙ Lam֔r Cֽi-slm֤h Bnc֙ Iml֣c Ahr֔i and H֛oa Is֥b Al-csa֖i Tht֑i C֛i C֥n Aas֖h Hi֥om Hzֽh:
31: 1 And the daughter of Seth came to the house of Abimeon; and the children of Israel came to him, and took him to the house of Amalek, and said unto him, Behold, I am with thee, and I will send thee into the house of David, even unto them.
32: 1 And he said unto them, I pray thee, I pray thee, behold, they shall not be called unto thee, but they shall go to the side of the wall, and they shall be the thorns, and they shall be the children of the sons of Yahweh, and they shall come, and they shall come before me.
33: 1 And he said unto them, Come unto them, that ye may not take them; for thou hast brought them to the servant: they are their masters, and they have lifted them up, and they have laid their foundations upon me, that is upon the ground, and that they have gone down, and they have gone down to the ground.
34: 1 And there was a time for the people of Israel, and they were there for a long time, and they were there, because they were the prophets, and they were not in charge of the people of Israel, but the people of the land of Israel were stuck with them, and they said to them, 'You are not ashamed, and I said to them,' I said to you, 'What is the matter with you?'
35: 1 And he went up after him, and he came to him, and came to him, and he went down to the house of Kischai, and behold, he was full of you, and he gave him his counsel, and he gave him his counsel, and he returned to him, and gave him up to him, and went up against Yahweh with him.
36: 1 And his son was with me, and his son was with him, and he gave birth to him, and he brought the man away, and he said to him, Amen, that is, so that they may be fulfilled, O LORD, O God, O God, O God, O God, I am the Lord.
37: 1 As for the LORD, behold, the LORD is with the people of Israel, and the king is with you, and he will be with you, and he will be with you, and he will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
38: 1 and I֣rd Tzd֣ok H֠chn and Nt֨n Hnb֜ia and Bni֣ho Bn-ihoid֗a and Hcrti֙ and Hflt֔i and Irc֙bo֙ At-slm֔h Al-frd֖t Hm֣lc Do֑d and Il֥co At֖o Al-ghֽon:
39: 1 And he took the side of the side of the porch, and the thorn, and the thorn of the threshing floor, which was in the midst of it, and it was there, that they were full of it, and they were stuck in the furnace, and they said to him, All things are gone, yea, I will follow thee, that I may come to her.
40: 1 And all the people went up against him, and the people of his people, and the people of Mehl, were afraid of the children of the Chaldeans, and they rejoiced, and rejoiced, and rejoiced, and rejoiced, great, and cried, and the people came to them in their midst.
41: 1 And Adonai hated him, and all the Koruites, when Esau saw him, and his wives, and they were not consumed, and he took him up to eat, and he went to the house of the tribe of Shapiro, and he said to him, "Behold, I am the ruler of the house of the king of Israel."
42: 1 O son of a man, he is a man, and he is the son of the father, and the son of the father of the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel.
43: 1 ויא֙ע֙א֙ן יֹנתת֔ת֔נ֔ה 17 And it was said to Adoni, Behold, I am the father of the Lord, the Lord of the heavens, the Lord of the earth, and the Lord of the kingdom of Israel.
44: 1 and Isl֣h Atֽo-h֠mlc At-tzd֨ok Hch֜n and At-nt֣n Hnb֗ia and Bni֙ho֙ Bn-ih֣oid֔a and Hcrt֖i and Hflt֑i and Irc֣bo At֔o A֖l Frd֥t Hmֽlc:
45: 1 And he shall be ashamed, and behold, he will be with him, and they shall be given to him, and they shall be given to thee, and they shall be in the midst of their captivity, and they shall be exalted from them, and they shall be glad, and they shall be glad, and they shall not be afraid: for they shall not be afraid.
46: 1 And it is also in the name of Jacob, that he hath made peace: for he hath made the throne of the king blessed.
47: 1 and Gm-b֜ao Abd֣i Hm֗lc L֠brc At-adn֜ino Hm֣lc Dod֮ Lamr֒ Iit֨b * thy ** Alh֜im At-s֤m Slmh֙ Msm֔c and ֽigd֥l At-csa֖o Mcsa֑c and Ist֥ho Hm֖lc Al-hmscֽb:
48: 1 And it is not so, but the Lord, the Lord, hath made thee, the Lord, and the LORD thy God, O God, is the God of Israel, and the Lord of Israel is a nation.
49: 1 And he was afraid of him, and he went to the house of the king, and the people of the tribe of Adonai came to him, and he came to him;
50: 1 And Adonai, the son of Hira, was afraid of Mephon: for she was full, and he rose up, and turned away, and took up the cornstead in the firstborn of the women of Mizpah.
51: 1 and Ig֤d Lslmh֙ Lam֔r Hnh֙ Ad֣ni֔ho Ir֖a At-hm֣lc Slm֑h and ֠hnh Ah֞z Bkrn֤ot Hmzb֙h֙ Lam֔r Isֽbֽa-l֤i Ciom֙ Hm֣lc Slm֔h Am-im֥it At-abd֖o Bhֽrb:
52: 1 And he said unto them, Behold, ye shall give it to the son of Hilal, and he shall not go down from his house, nor his flock, nor the land of his flock, but thou shalt be saved, and he shall be saved.
53: 1 And he took his wife, and he went down to him, and he went down to him, and he took him away, and he brought him forth, and he brought him forth, and gave him his inheritance, and gave him his money, and he said unto him, Thou shalt not return unto thee, that thou mayest be blessed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (46 verses)‬
1: 2 And he came close to him, saying, "Behold, I have given him a hand, and he hath given his hand to his son;
2: 2 Behold, I am with thee in thy hand, all the earth, and in thy strength;
3: 2 and Smrt֞ At-msm֣rt | LORD Alh֗ic Ll֤ct Bdrcio֙ Lsm֨r Hkt֤io Mtzoֺtio֙ and Msft֣io and Adoֺt֔io Cct֖ob Btor֣t Ms֑h Lm֣an Tsc֗il A֚t Cl-as֣r Tֽas֔h and A֛t Cl-as֥r Tfn֖h Sֽm:
4: 2 Lman֩ Ik֨im Iho֜h At-dbr֗o As֨r Db֣r Ali֮ Lamr֒ Am-ismr֨o Bn֜ic At-drc֗m Ll֤ct Lfni֙ Bam֔t Bcl-lbb֖m and Bcl-nfs֑m Lam֕r Lֽa-icr֤t Lc֙ A֔is Ma֖l Cs֥a Israֽl:
5: 2 and G֣m At֣h Id֡at At֩ Asr-a֨sh L֜i Ioa֣b Bn-tzroi֗h As֣r As֣h Lsnֽi-sr֣i Tzba֣ot I֠sral Labn֨r Bn-n֜r and Lams֤a Bn-i֙tr֙ and I֣hrg֔m and I֥sm Dmֽi-mlhm֖h Bsl֑m and It֞n Dm֣i Mlhm֗h Bhgֽrto֙ As֣r Bmtn֔io and ֽbnal֖o As֥r Brglֽio:
6: 2 And thou shalt be wise in thy wisdom, and behold, thou shalt not turn away the captive in his own way;
7: 2 And Laban, in Barzulah, the Haggai, was the servant of the king of Israel, and he was the king of the land of Israel, and he was the king of Israel, so that he may be sent to you, for thus he will come near to me, and he will come to me in the spirit of death, and I will return to you.
8: 2 and Hn֣h A֠mc Sֽma֨i Bn-gr֥a Bn-himini֮ Mbhrim֒ and H֤oa Kֽll֙ni֙ Kll֣h Nmr֔tzt Bi֖om Lct֣i Mhn֑im and Hֽoa-ir֤d Lkrati֙ Hird֔n and As֨bֽa L֤o Bֽihoh֙ Lam֔r Am-amֽitc֖ Bhֽrb:
9: 2 And when he came to him, he took him away, because he was with him, because he was a wise man, but he was not his wife, and he knew his knowledge, and he did not die, and he did not do anything to him, and he took away his wife and his wife in their midst.
10: 2 And David dwelt with his father, and dwelt, and dwelt in the midst of the fire of David.
11: 2 And the people shall die, and the LORD shall not be over thee, nor shall the people of Israel be numbered among the four hundred, but they shall die in the midst of their wickedness, for they shall not be destroyed, nor shall they be oppressed, nor shall they be destroyed; but they shall be destroyed, and they shall not be destroyed.
12: 2 And Solomon was destroyed by the sword of the people of the land, and the people of his father, and his sons, and the king of the tribe of Amazad.
13: 2 And my son, Adonai, brought him to the son of Haggaih, to the daughter of Sheba, because she was not a woman, and she said unto him, Behold, thou shalt surely come into the midst of thy land, and say that it is theirs.
14: 2 And the Lord said unto him, Behold, I am saying unto thee, Behold, and thou shalt say:
15: 2 and I֗amr A֤t Id֙at֙ Ci-li֙ Hit֣h Hmloc֔h and Al֞i S֧mo Cֽl-isra֛l Fnih֖m Lml֑c and Ts֤b Hmloch֙ and Th֣i Lah֔i C֥i Miho֖h H֥ith Lֽo:
16: 2 And it came to pass, that Saul had given birth unto him, that he had given birth to him, and that he had given birth unto him: thou shalt not go before me: thou shalt bring him forth before me, and thou shalt say unto him, Behold, thou shalt not see it.
17: 2 And he said, "Amiri-nee, it is not mine, but it is your inheritance, because it is not." "Do not be afraid to turn your face away, and give it to Abish, the king of Samaria, to the land of Esau."
18: 2 And the daughter of Shesh said, "Behold, I will be with you, and I will give up thy lord over to thee."
19: 2 and Tb֤a Bt-s֙ba֙ Al-hm֣lc Slm֔h Ldbr-l֖o Al-adni֑ho and Ikm֩ Hm֨lc Lkrat֜h and Ist֣ho L֗h and I֙sb֙ Al-csa֔o and I֤sm Csa֙ La֣m Hm֔lc and T֖sb Lֽiminֽo:
20: 2 and T֗amr Sal֨h Ah֤t Ktnh֙ Aֽnci֙ Sa֣lt Mֽat֔c Al-t֖sb At-fn֑i and Iֽamr-l֤h Hm֙lc֙ Sal֣i Am֔i C֥i Lֽa-as֖ib At-fnֽic:
21: 2 And you shall say, Yת֖֖֖ א א א ֲ-א֣֣֣֣֣ הַ הַ הַ הַ֑֑֑֑֑֑֑ ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל֥֥ ֥ א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א
22: 2 and Ian֩ Hm֨lc Slm֜h and I֣amr Lam֗o and Lmh֩ A֨t Sa֜lt At-abis֤g Hsnmit֙ Lad֣ni֔ho and Sֽali-lo֙ At-hmloc֔h C֛i H֥oa Ah֖i Hgd֣ol Mm֑ni and Lo֙ and Labit֣r Hch֔n and Lioa֖b Bn-tzroiֽh: P.
23: 2 And he will be the one who is in charge of you, because he is his father, and he is his mother, and he is his mother, and she is not a woman, nor is she a woman, nor is she a woman?
24: 2 and At֗h Hi-ihoh֙ As֣r Hcin֗ni * and Iosibini ** and Iֽosib֙ni֙ Al-csa֙ Do֣d Ab֔i and As֧r Aֽsh-l֛i B֖it Cas֣r Db֑r C֣i Hi֔om Iom֖t Adniֽho:
25: 2 And he sent the men of the tribe of Solomon into the house of the sons of Israel, the son of Jehoiadiah, and his father, and his father, and his father;
26: 2 and Labit֨r Hch֜n Am֣r Hm֗lc Antt֙ L֣c Al-sd֔ic C֛i A֥is M֖ot A֑th and Bi֨om Hz֜h L֣a Amit֗c Cֽi-ns֜at At-ar֨on Adn֤i Ihoh֙ Lfni֙ Do֣d Ab֔i and C֣i Htan֔it Bc֥l Asֽr-htan֖h Abֽi:
27: 2 And Haggard the son of Shelomo saw the sons of the sons of Israel, saying, "Behold, I will give them up, so that they may come to them, and they shall be filled with joy." The LORD said, "O LORD, I will make you captive." The son of David said to him, "Do not be angry with me."
28: 2 and Hsmah֙ B֣ah Ad-ioa֔b C֣i Ioa֗b Nth֙ Ahr֣i Adni֔h and Ahr֥i Absl֖om L֣a Nt֑h and I֤ns Ioab֙ Al-a֣hl Iho֔h and ֽihz֖k Bkrn֥ot Hmzbֽh:
29: 2 and Ig֞d Lm֣lc Slm֗h C֣i N֤s Ioab֙ Al-a֣hl Iho֔h and Hn֖h A֣tzl Hmzb֑h and Isl֨h Slm֜h At-bni֧ho Bn-ihoid֛a Lam֖r L֥c Fga-bֽo:
30: 2 and Ib֨a Bni֜ho Al-a֣hl Iho֗h and I֨amr Al֜io Cֽh-am֤r Hm֙lc֙ Tz֔a and I֥amr | L֖a C֣i F֣h Am֑ot and I֨sb Bni֤ho At-hm֙lc֙ Db֣r Lam֔r Cֽh-db֥r Ioa֖b and C֥h Anֽni:
31: 2 And he said unto him, Thou shalt not do thy work, but as a woman, he shall not go down, and he shall go down to his house: and thou shalt go forth, and go away with him, and he shall go down to him, and he shall go down to him. And I will not go down to you. And I will not go down to you.
32: 2 and Hsib֩ Iho֨h At-dm֜o Al-ras֗o As֣r Fg֣a Bsnֽi-a֠nsim Tzdk֨im and Tb֤im Mm֙no֙ and Ihrg֣m Bh֔rb and Ab֥i Do֖d L֣a Id֑a At-abn֤r Bn-nr֙ Sr-tzb֣a Isra֔l and At-ams֥a Bn-i֖tr Sr-tzb֥a Ihodֽh:
33: 2 And when their blood was turned away, it was in the midst of the fire of the fire, and the fire of the fire was upon them, and the fire of the fire was upon them, and they gave birth to the children, and they gave birth to him, and they gave him to him, and to his sons, and to his throne, and to him,
34: 2 And his son, his son, saw him, and he was a son of Jehoiada, a son of Judah, and he came to his house, and took him by his hand, and hid him, and was in the midst of his house, in the wilderness.
35: 2 And the sons of the sons of the son of Jehoiada were brought to the house of Yahweh, and they stood before him on the edge of the gate, and they stood on the side of the gate, and the priests came, and they came to them, and they went to the house of the fathers of the house.
36: 2 And he took the oath of the king unto thee, and he came to him, and he did not listen to him, and he said unto him, Behold, behold, I will come unto thee, that is, in the house of the LORD, and in the house of the people of Israel, and in the land of Israel, and they shall return to the land of Israel, and they shall return to their land, and they shall return to their land.
37: 2 And behold, it is in me, that I may come unto thee, and I will bring thee forth, and thou shalt not go down, but be careful of the voice of thy hand, and I will come to thee, that I may be afraid of you, that thou mayest be thy mother: behold, thou shalt be in thy head, thy God.
38: 2 And he said, "Hear, I will hear you, and I will come to you, and I will go back to you, and I will return to you, and I will go back to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
39: 2 and Ih֗i Mktz֙ Sl֣s Sn֔im and Ibrh֤o Snֽi-abdim֙ Lsma֔i Al-ac֥is Bֽn-mac֖h M֣lc G֑t and Ig֤ido Lsmai֙ Lam֔r Hn֥h Abd֖ic Bgֽt:
40: 2 And he rose up, hearkened to him, and he took his wife away, and brought him to the house of the king, and he came to him, and he brought his servant to the ground, and he came to hear you, and he brought the servant away.
41: 2 And it came to pass, that it was fulfilled, that the voice of the Lord heard you, that they were not turned away, but they were still alive, and they were restored.
42: 2 and Isl֨h Hm֜lc and Ikr֣a Lsma֗i and I֨amr Al֜io Hl֧oa Hsbat֣ic Bֽiho֗h and Aa֤d Bc֙ Lam֔r Bi֣om Tzatc֗ and Hֽlct֙ A֣nh and A֔nh Id֥a Td֖a C֣i M֣ot Tm֑ot and T֧amr Al֛i T֥ob Hdb֖r Smֽati:
43: 2 And it came to pass, that the people of Sheba, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the commandment, which I have commanded you, have given up on you.
44: 2 and I֨amr Hm֜lc Al-sma֗i At֤h Id֙at֙ A֣t Cl-hra֗h As֤r Ida֙ Lb֣bc֔ As֥r As֖it Ldo֣d Ab֑i and Hs֧ib Iho֛h At-ratc֖ Brasֽc:
45: 2 And he that hath led thee away, hath blessed thee, and thou shalt bring down the sword of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD of hosts, even unto them, even unto them.
46: 2 And they gave him the inheritance of the children of his son, the son of the son of Jehoiadah, and he brought him forth, and wounded his daughter, and he and his mother, and the king of Israel, fell upon her by the hand of her husband.
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (28 verses)‬
1: 3 and Itht֣n Slm֔h At-fra֖h M֣lc Mtzr֑im and Ik֣h At-bt-fra֗h and Ibia֙h֙ Al-a֣ir Do֔d A֣d Clt֗o Lbn֤ot At-bito֙ and At-b֣it Iho֔h and At-hom֥t Irosl֖m Sbֽib:
2: 3 And the children of Israel were not sacrificed, because they were not in the house, because they were not sons;
3: 3 And he that is full of God, hath brought the LORD out of the house of the LORD, and hath taken him in the law, and the law of his father, the father of his children, is the most precious thing in the house of the LORD;
4: 3 And the children of the tribe of Gilboa returned to the land of Zebab, because they had lost their land, because they were not in the house, but the greatness was in them, and the greatness of the people came to them, and the people of Israel came to them.
5: 3 In the midst of the wilderness, behold, the LORD saw it, and behold it unto him, that it was in him, that it was in the midst of them, and that God had said unto him, saying, God is not, that thou shalt not be satisfied with the LORD.
6: 3 and I֣amr Slm֗h At֨h As֜it Am-abdc֙ Do֣d Abi֮ H֣sd Gdol֒ Casr֩ Hl֨c Lfn֜ic Bam֧t and Btzdk֛h and Bisr֥t Lb֖b Am֑c and Tsmr-l֗o At-hh֤sd Hgdol֙ Hz֔h and Ttn-l֥o B֛n Is֥b Al-csa֖o Ci֥om Hzֽh:
7: 3 And the time came, O Jehovah, O God, O God, are ye, O God, that is, I am the LORD, and I have given thee strength, and I have given up thy servant, and I have given up the commandment of the LORD, and the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God.
8: 3 And your servant, the daughter of your father, is your nation, and I am the wife of the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, the son of Aaron, the son of Asher, the son of Lazarus, the son of Abraham, the son of Joseph, the son of Joseph.
9: 3 And thou hast given it to thy servant, that is, to the Lord, to be filled with the heavens, and to go down, and to bring down the people of thy people, to bring them forth, and to bring them to the land, and to bring them to the land, and to the land, and to the land, and to the land of the land.
10: 3 And the children of the LORD shall be in the midst of the eyes of the LORD, and I will be with you, for I am with you, for I have given them that which I have given to the LORD;
11: 3 and I֨amr Alh֜im Al֗io Ian֩ As֨r Sa֜lt At-hdb֣r Hz֗h and Lֽa-sa֨lt Lc֜ Im֣im Rb֗im and Lֽa-sa֤lt Lc֙ A֔sr and L֥a Sa֖lt N֣fs Aib֑ic and Sa֧lt Lc֛ Hb֖in Lsm֥a Msfֽt:
12: 3 Behold, I have done it to you, so that I may speak to you, and I will give it to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
13: 3 And I will be with you, I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
14: 3 And I will give you a blessing, and I will give you the light of my law, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
15: 3 and Ik֥tz Slm֖h and Hn֣h Hl֑om and Ib֨oa Irosl֜m and ֽiam֣d | Lfn֣i | Ar֣on Brit-adn֗i and I֤al Alot֙ and I֣as Slm֔im and I֥as Mst֖h Lcl-abdֽio: P.
16: 3 Where are you? Thou hast seen them, that they were men; they were gone, and they went to the house of the king, and the people of Amadah returned to him before him.
17: 3 And the man said, "Behold, I am the servant of the LORD." The LORD said, "Behold, I am the lord of the LORD." I said, "You are the LORD, and I am the God of the people." "Behold, I will bring you again, and I will not be with you."
18: 3 and Ih֞i Bi֤om Hslisi֙ Lldt֔i and T֖ld Gm-has֣h Hz֑at and An֣hno Ihd֗o Aֽin-z֤r At֙no֙ Bb֔it Zolt֥i Stֽim-an֖hno Bbֽit:
19: 3 And it came to pass, when the son of the woman died, that is what I said unto him, I pray thee, thou shalt not lie;
20: 3 And the daughter of Beth-shelomo rose up to him, and took away the children of her, and she gave birth to her, and she gave her strength to him, and she gave her strength to her son, and to her daughter she gave him the gift of lying in her law.
21: 3 And the sons of the sons of the sons of Korah were born to give birth to the sons of Israel, and the sons of Israel were there, and the sons of the sons of Israel came to them, and the sons of the sons of Israel came to them, and there they were.
22: 3 And the servant said, 'Behold, this is the inheritance, and this is not the way of life, but the life of your son is upon you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
23: 3 And he said, "What is the matter with you?"
24: 3 And he said unto the king, Take thee, bring me to me, and I will give you bread, and I will bring you bread, and I will bring it to you before the handmaid.
25: 3 And he said to the king, Go down, bring the children of the house, and they will be put to death. And they will give the half-moon to the other one, and the half-way to the other.
26: 3 and T֣amr Hash֩ Asr-bn֨h Hh֜i Al-hm֗lc Cֽi-ncmr֣o Rhmih֮ Al-bnh֒ and T֣amr | B֣i Adn֗i Tno-lh֙ At-hil֣od Hh֔i and Hm֖t Al-tmit֑ho and Z֣at Am֗rt Gm-l֥i Gm-l֛c L֥a Ihi֖h Gzֽro:
27: 3 And it came to pass, when the man came to you, and said, Thou hast given the house of the LORD, and the people of the land, and they are not.
28: 3 and Isma֣o Cl-isra֗l At-hmsft֙ As֣r Sf֣t Hm֔lc and Iֽra֖o Mfn֣i Hm֑lc C֣i Ra֔o Cֽi-hcm֧t Alh֛im Bkrb֖o Las֥ot Msfֽt: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (20 verses)‬
1: 4 And I will be your God, and I will give thee peace: for thy peace shall be upon all the children of Israel.
2: 4 And the men of the captives, who were with him, gave him his goats, and his son Ben-Tzad, the son of Jacob, the king of Canaan.
3: 4 Elijah and Reuben, and his brothers, are they sons of the children of Shesh, the son of Shapiro, the son of Jehoshaphat, the son of Ahil, the son of David, the son of Zechariah of Nazareth.
4: 4 And the sons of Yahweh, the son of Jehoiada, made him captive to the tribe, and he was not on the side of the yoke, and the daughter of the son of Nahor the son of Zeid.
5: 4 And my sons returned to him, son of Nannath, because they were against the people, and the sons of the sons of the sons of Nathav were there, because they were evil because they were the ones who were coming.
6: 4 And Ishish was rebellious unto the father of the tribe, and Adonir, the son of Abedah, the son of Elam the king.
7: 4 And it came to pass, that it was two years, that the people of Israel were all over, and that all the king and his daughter were destroyed; and the house was destroyed, and the land thereof was destroyed. And the land was destroyed, and the land was destroyed.
8: 4 And the name of them was Shemoth, the son of Hahor, the son of Hafar, Ephrִֽֽ:m.
9: 4 And the son of David was in Makkah, and in the tribe of Sela, they were in the midst of the wilderness, and there was a sixth day, and the ram of the land was in the midst of Hanan.
10: 4 The son of Hesham, the son of Aaron, is the son of the king, and the son of Abraham is the son of Abraham,
11: 4 Son of Abinadab, of all the sons of the tribe of Dhar, the daughter of Solomon, the daughter of Solomon, the daughter of the father of the tribe of Shelomo.
12: 4 Bֽana֙ Bn-ahil֔od Tan֖c and Mgd֑o and Cl-b֣it Sa֡n Asr֩ A֨tzl Tzrt֜nh Mt֣ht Lizra֗al Mb֤it San֙ A֚d Ab֣l Mhol֔h A֖d Ma֥br Likmaֽm: S.
13: 4 Bn-g֖br Brm֣t Gla֑d L֡o Hoֺt֩ Ia֨ir Bn-mns֜h As֣r Bgla֗d L֚o H֤bl Argb֙ As֣r Bbs֔n Ssim֙ Ar֣im Gdl֔ot Hom֖h and Br֥ih Nhֽst: S.
14: 4 Ah, the son of David, the son of Idan, the son of Mahan, the son of Ammon.
15: 4 A brother of the tribe of Naphtal, even a hundred-years-old, took Leah's daughter-in-law, the daughter of Solomon, to her father,
16: 4 The son of Anas, son of Hushash, was born in the land of Bashar;
17: 4 Jehoshaphat the son of Perez, the captain of Beshshachar.
18: 4 He heard the voice of the son of Elah, not of the children of Benjamin.
19: 4 G-d's son, son of Uri, is in the land of Gilead, and there is a river of serpent, and there is a mountain, and there is a sea of ​​trees, and there is a sea of ​​trees.
20: 4 Yahweh, the LORD, and the Israelites, have multiplied all the nations that are on their own, and have not eaten; they have been consumed, and they have been thirsty, and have rejoiced.
‪xxxx  Chapter 5   (32 verses)‬
1: 5 And Solomon was the one who ruled in the midst of all the kingdoms, from the river, and from the river of the Philistines, and from the river, and from the south, from Mizrah, and from Mizrah, and from Mizrahah, and from Obad; and they brought the whole nation to it, all of them.
2: 5 And there came to them a wall of peace, which was to them, and to them they were another, and they were three hundred years old, and there was no sackcloth, and there was nothing like that.
3: 5 The twelve sons of Baqar, the sons of Barah, and the twelve of Baqarar, the companions of the tribe of David, of the tribe of Zechariah, of Tzvi, of Zechariah, of Hebron, of Hebron, of Aborbas,
4: 5 For this is the way of the Lord: for in all things the people of the land shall be destroyed, and they shall be scattered, and they shall be in the midst of all the kingdoms of the land; they shall be destroyed, and the men of the land shall be destroyed.
5: 5 And Jehoahidah sat down, and his wife was with him, so that he could not bring his sword to the ground, and he gave him his strength, and he gave him his strength, and he gave him his strength, and he gave it to him, and he returned to him, and he went to the house of the king,
6: 5 And it came to pass, that the people of Arba'e, the son of Elph, were with him, that they were gathered unto him, and that he had made him a king;
7: 5 And all the children of the tribe of Israel took it, and brought it to you, and it came to them, and all the people came to the house of Shiloah, because the king was with you, because he was not a man of his own, but he was not a ruler;
8: 5 And the gates were gone, and they were built to the saplings, and all the men of Jacob were there, and they came to the place, and the women were there, and there was no man in the land.
9: 5 And God gave him wisdom, and he gave wisdom to her, and she gave her a gift, and she gave her a lot of money, and she went to the house of the LORD, so that she might go down to the house of the LORD,
10: 5 And thou shalt be wise to the wisdom of the Lord, and all the children of the children of the wise, and all the wise men of Israel.
11: 5 And the people of all the people were numbered, and they were numbered of them: the people of the land, and the people of the land, and all the children of Israel, and the children of the tribe of Judah, and the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the valley;
12: 5 And Dibor the son of Elph, the son of Levi, and the son of Saul;
13: 5 and Idbr֮ Al-hֽatzim֒ Mn-ha֙rz֙ As֣r Blbn֔on and Ad֙ Haz֔ob As֥r Itz֖a Bk֑ir and Idbr֙ Al-hbhm֣h and Al-ha֔of and Al-hr֖ms and Al-hdgֽim:
14: 5 And it came to pass, that it was not so much, but that it came to pass, that it had been brought down, that the wisdom of the wise man came out, and that all the angels had been destroyed, and that it was not in the land, but that he heard the voice of the wise men.
15: 5 And he said, I will send them to the LORD, and he will bring forth his servants, even unto him, that he may go forth: for I will bring him forth, that he may be pleased, and that he will not be with thee, because thou art afraid of him, because he is afraid of him, and he is his enemy, because they are the children of all the children of the nations.
16: 5 And he sent them to Solomon, saying unto them, Surely they shall be faithful.
17: 5 At֨h Id֜at At-do֣d Ab֗i C֣i L֤a Icl֙ Lbn֣ot B֗it Lsm֙ LORD Alh֔io Mfn֥i Hmlhm֖h As֣r Sbb֑ho A֤d Tt-ihoh֙ At֔m T֖ht Cf֥ot * leg ** Rglֽi:
18: 5 And behold, the LORD, the LORD, is the God, the God, the Son, the Son, the Son, the Son, the Son, and the Father.
19: 5 and Hnn֣i Am֔r Lbn֣ot B֔it Ls֖m LORD Alh֑i Cas֣r | Db֣r Iho֗h Al-do֤d Abi֙ Lam֔r Bnc֗ As֨r At֤n Tht֙ic֙ Al-csa֔c Hֽoa-ibn֥h Hb֖it Lsmֽi:
20: 5 and At֡h Tzoh֩ and Icrto-l֨i Arz֜im Mn-hlbn֗on and ֽabdi֙ Ihi֣o Am-abd֔ic and Sc֤r Abd֙ic֙ At֣n Lc֔ Cc֖l As֣r Tam֑r C֣i | At֣h Id֗at C֣i A֥in B֛no A֛is Id֥a Lcrt-atz֖im Ctzdnֽim:
21: 5 And he was there, when he had made a noise, and he had taken away his word, and he had given it to him, and he had given it to him, and he had said, "Behold, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God."
22: 5 And it came to pass, that I was afraid of them, that I might go to the house of Amor, that I might go astray, but that I had not married him, but I was not able to commit all the things of thy people, but in the midst of my bones I packed my hands, and put them in my possession,
23: 5 A֠bdi Ir֨do Mn-hlbn֜on I֗mh and ֠ani Asim֨m Dbr֤ot Bim֙ Aֽd-hmk֞om Asr-tsl֥h Al֛i and Nftzt֥im S֖m and At֣h Ts֑a and Ath֙ Tas֣h At-hftz֔i Lt֖t L֥hm Bitֽi:
24: 5 And they were afraid of them, and they were given to them, that they might be gathered, that they might be gathered, and that they were in possession of the root of all things.
25: 5 And they were full of them, and they were not to be afraid, but they were twenty-nine, and they were three hundred cubits, a tenth of which was a hundred cubits, and nine hundred, and four hundred, and four hundred, seven hundred, twenty-nine, two hundred, two hundred, seven hundred, two hundred, seven hundred, twenty-nine.
26: 5 And he, behold, he was a wise man, that he should not be ashamed, but as he spoke, he spoke to him, and he said unto them, Behold, they are not in the anger of the LORD, but they are not worthy of it, and they have been burned down in the wilderness of their years.
27: 5 And he said unto the king, Behold, thou shalt not go down from all Israel; and behold, the three hundred shall not be crucified.
28: 5 And he sent them to the son of Jonah, who did the same thing unto him, that is, in the midst of the law, and he changed the things of the children of the children: they were in the hearts of the sons of the children, and the sons of the children of the children of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel,
29: 5 And it came to pass, that it be fulfilled, that it shall be seven thousand, and that it shall be done, that it shall not be consumed, and that it shall be fulfilled, and it shall not be destroyed.
30: 5 To the people of the land of Israel, the people of the tribe of Israel were destroyed, and the people of the land were destroyed, because they were not in the army, but they were destroyed, and they were not afraid, but they were afraid of their wickedness, but they did not do it anymore, but they did not do anything to them.
31: 5 And his men took you, and drove away, the stones of the children, and the children of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel.
32: 5 And the children of the tribe of Israel were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and the children of Israel were destroyed, and the mountains were turned away, and the sons of Israel and the sons of Israel came to them, and the sons of the children returned to the land.
‪xxxx  Chapter 6   (38 verses)‬
1: 6 and Ih֣i Bsmon֣im Sn֣h and Arb֣a Ma֣ot Sn֡h Ltz֣at Bnֽi-isra֣l Maֽrtz-mtzrim֩ Bsn֨h Hrbia֜it Bh֣ds Z֗o H֚oa Hh֣ds Hsn֔i Lml֥c Slm֖h Al-isra֑l and I֥bn Hb֖it Lihoֽh:
2: 6 And the father said, As the son of the son of Israel went down, he said unto him, Thou shalt not return; behold, it is he that hath made him captive: and he hath made his land, and his ten thousand, and his bread, his bread, his bread, his bread, his bread, his bread, his bread, his bread, and his bread.
3: 6 And behold, they were on the face of me, so that I had given him ten wives, so that I might have given him up to him, so that he might turn his face on the face of the house, so that he might bring it to him, and that he would give it to him, and he would give him bread.
4: 6 And he did that which was done to him, and the people of Babylon came to him, but they were not satisfied;
5: 6 And the son of the son of Kiriath, the son of the son of the king, came up to him, and went to the house of the captain of the tribe of Jabotinsky, and the captain of the tribe of Jabotinsky returned to him.
6: 6 * Perform ** Hitz֨ia Hthtn֜h Hm֧s Bam֣h Rhb֗h and Htֽicnh֙ S֤s Bֽamh֙ Rhb֔h and H֨slis֔it S֥ba Bam֖h Rhb֑h C֡i Mgraot֩ Nt֨n Lb֤it Sbib֙ H֔otzh Lblt֖i Ah֥z Bkֽirot-hbֽit:
7: 6 And the father, who was in the house of the sons of Solomon, gave birth to the son of Solomon, because he had built his land, and he built it, and he came to the house of the LORD, and the girdle was all in all, and in the land of Galilee there was no-man, and he did not give birth to the sons of his sons.
8: 6 And the king of the tribe of Zechariah returned to the God of the Levites, and they came to the house of the LORD, and they returned to him.
9: 6 And he built the daughter of the daughter, and consumed him: and they brought the women to the house, and they returned to the land, and they were in the land of the land.
10: 6 And the son of the son of the king commanded him, saying, All the sons of all the sons of Hamath, the mother of Amaziah, and his mother, and his father, and the father of the children of Israel;
11: 6 And there was a word of the word of the LORD, saying unto Solomon, Behold, I am saying:
12: 6 Hb֨it Hz֜h Asr-at֣h Bn֗h Am-tl֤c Bhkti֙ and At-msft֣i Tֽas֔h and Smrt֥ At-cl-mtzoֺt֖i Ll֣ct Bh֑m and Hkmt֤i At-dbri֙ At֔c As֥r Db֖rti Al-do֥d Abֽic:
13: 6 And when the sons of Israel were numbered of them, so did the children of Israel, so that the people of Israel were brought up, and that the people of Israel were not destroyed.
14: 6 And the son of Solomon took the daughter-in-law, and consumed him.
15: 6 And Ibn֩ At-kir֨ot Hb֤it Mb֙ith֙ Btzla֣ot Arz֔im Mkrk֤a Hb֙it֙ Ad-kir֣ot Hsf֔n Tzf֥h A֖tz Mb֑it and Itz֛f At-krk֥a Hb֖it Btzla֥ot Brosֽim:
16: 6 And he built the house of the people of the land of Amorah, the land of the land of the land, and the land of the land of the land of the Levites, and of the land of the land of the Levites.
17: 6 And the four hundred men were in it, and behold, it was the father, the daughter of the daughter of the king, who was the king before the children.
18: 6 And when the children of Laban came, they turned away from them, and they came out of the camp, and they were cut off, and they were cut off, and the children of Israel were burned, but the land was not there, and the children of Neora saw her.
19: 6 And the sons of the sons of the sons of the tribe of Laban came out of the midst of them, and they were ready to give them food, which they had given to Aaron, because of the fear of the LORD.
20: 6 And he turned to the LORD, saying, "Do you have ten wives?"
21: 6 And he gave the sword of the father to him, and he turned away from him, and he went away, and went down to the house of the king, saying, "Behold, I will bring you to the house of the LORD, and I will bring it to you."
22: 6 And all the children of Zephathah, Zahab, were with them all, and all the women were with them, and all the water was given to them, because the flesh of the hand of the light was shining on them.
23: 6 And he did that which was in the light of the light of the sun, so that they burned the pillars of the earth, and the pillars of the earth were strong.
24: 6 And the mother of the mother of the sons of Israel went to the house of the Cherubites, and the sons of Ahadah, and of Hamash, the mother of the sons of Israel, and of the tribe of Israel, and of the tribe of Israel, and of the tribe of Amor, and of the tribe of Mizpah, and of his tribe, and of the tribe of Kohath,
25: 6 And the Lord hath said in the name of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, and the Most Merciful.
26: 6 And it is the day of the thorn, and it is the day of the seventh day, the day of the month of the month, which is the month of the month of the month of May, and the second day of the year, and the second day of the year.
27: 6 And It֨n At-hcrob֜im Bt֣oc | Hb֣it Hfnim֗i and ֽifrso֮ At-cnf֣i Hcrbim֒ and Tg֤a Cnf-hֽahd֙ Bk֔ir and Cnf֙ Hcr֣ob Hsn֔i Ng֖at Bk֣ir Hsn֑i and Cnfihm֙ Al-t֣oc Hb֔it Nga֖t Cn֥f Al-cnֽf:
28: 6 And he brought the cherubim to the ground,
29: 6 And all the walls of the house shall be filled with water, and there shall be no stone, nor the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth;
30: 6 And Korak, the daughter of Zephath, the captain of Zipporah, turned to her, and turned away from them;
31: 6 And when he had finished the commandment of the LORD, he made the house of David, and the pillars of the land of Haman, and of Hamaz, of Mizvaz, of the fifties, of Samaria.
32: 6 And Sti֮ Dlt֣ot Atzi-smn֒ and Kl֣a A֠lihm Mkla֨ot Crob֧im and Tmr֛ot and Ftor֥i Tztz֖im and Tzf֣h Zh֑b and I֛rd Al-hcrob֥im and Al-htֽmr֖ot At-hzhֽb:
33: 6 And so he did as he did unto the children of the tribe of Hahazel, and they took away the treasures of the saints from the four corners of the city.
34: 6 6 And they were young, and the children of Israel were very strong; they were in the wilderness, but they were not, but they were young; they were young; they were young; they were young; they were mighty, and they were not; but they were swallowed up, but the greatness of the trees was not great.
35: 6 And the calfites were great, and the men of the tribe of Pharisees were victorious, and the children of Zephaniah, and Tzipphah, of Zahab, of Meishash, of Asher, of El-Hamah,
36: 6 And the son of Benazit took the trumpet out of the house of the tribe of Shilash, and he turned on it, and turned it into a wall;
37: 6 In the second year, the four hundred years were numbered, and Josiah, the son of Jehoiu, was born in Jezreel.
38: 6 And the son of the twelve sons of the tribe of Israel was in the house of the tribe of Judah, and this was the fifth day of the month, and all the generations were numbered for all his words, and all his judgments were judged against him, and they built him, that was because of his wickedness.
‪xxxx  Chapter 7   (51 verses)‬
1: 7 And his house, that is, that it was his son, that she had given him ten shekels, and that she had given up all his house.
2: 7 and I֜bn At-b֣it | I֣ar Hlbn֗on Ma֨h Am֤h Arco֙ and Hms֤im Amh֙ Rhb֔o and Sls֥im Am֖h Komt֑o A֗l Arbah֙ Tori֙ Amod֣i Arz֔im and Crt֥ot Arz֖im Al-hamodֽim:
3: 7 And they came to him in the midst of the sea, and from there they came to the land of the Tzal'ath, and Asad, the son of the Ammonites, was numbered four hundred forty-five and five hundred fifty five five hundred seventy nine.
4: 7 And they shall drink a hundred shekels, and they shall clothe themselves, and behold, they shall not be afraid.
5: 7 And all the bread and the almonds, and the meat of the broth, the bread of the bread, and the bread of the corn, the bread of the bread, the bread of the bread.
6: 7 And the people of Ullam, the children of Amodim, did as they were, and they were five hundred, and the people of Amazah were destroyed, and the people of Rehoboth were destroyed, and the people of Rahab, the sons of Israel, went up to them, and went up against them, and went up to them, and they stood still, and went down upon their faces.
7: 7 And the people of the land, the throne of the tribe of Asherah, and the tribe of Sheshaphat, whose name is Ullam, the name of the tribe of Asaph, is the land of Asaph, and there is a fortified city in the midst of the land of the Korak, the land of the Korak.
8: 7 and Bito֩ Asr-i֨sb S֜m Htz֣r Hah֗rt Mbit֙ Lֽaol֔m Cmֽas֥h Hz֖h Hi֑h and B֜it Ias֤h Lbt-frah֙ As֣r Lk֣h Slm֔h Caol֖m Hzֽh:
9: 7 All the children of Israel shall be gathered together, as though they were in the midst of the land, and they shall be uprooted, and they shall be put to death, and they shall be put to death, and they shall be cut off from their land, and they shall be put to death, and they shall be put to death, and they shall be put to death in the midst of the greatness of the mighty.
10: 7 And the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of Ammon died, and the sons of the sons of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the sons of Ammon, the sons of Ammon, and the sons of Ammon.
11: 7 And it came to pass, that the children of Israel were afraid of them, that they might be destroyed, and that they would be destroyed.
12: 7 And the greatness of the mighty, the mighty, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, and the thorn, the house of the LORD, the house of the LORD, and the house of the LORD.
13: 7 And he sent the men of the kingdom unto thee, and took them away from their captivity.
14: 7 Bn-ash֩ Almn֨h H֜oa Mmt֣h Nftl֗i and Ab֣io Ais-tzri֮ Hr֣s Nhst֒ and ֠imla At-hhcm֤h and At-htbonh֙ and At-hd֔at Las֥ot Cl-mlac֖h Bnh֑st and Iboa֙ Al-hm֣lc Slm֔h and I֖as At-cl-mlactֽo:
15: 7 And it came to pass, that I besieged Sennes, that was Amode: for it was not the tenth day of the eighteenth day, but the tenth day of Amazonia was the tenth day of the reign of David, and the other was twenty years, and it was twenty years, and the people of Amazah slew the people of the land of the Israelites.
16: 7 And he made a covenant with the chief of the people, and he did not go down against the head of the people; but the people were not numbered; they were the children of the tribe of Hamath, and the women of Amazah were there, and the women of Hamath were there, and the women of Hamath were there, and the women of Ammon were circumcised, and the inheritance was the year of the year.
17: 7 Sbc֞im Mas֣h Sbc֗h Gdlim֙ Mas֣h Srsr֔ot Lc֣tr֔t As֖r Al-r֣as Hamod֑im Sbah֙ Lct֣rt Hah֔t and Sba֖h Lct֥rt Hsnֽit:
18: 7 and I֖as At-hamod֑im and Sni֩ Tor֨im Sb֜ib Al-hsbc֣h Hah֗t Lcs֤ot At-hcֽtrt֙ Asr֙ Al-r֣as Hֽrmn֔im and C֣n As֔h Lct֖rt Hsnֽit:
19: 7 And it came to pass, when the people of Arad were gathered together, that the people of Amad arose, they did not do anything, but they did not enter into the land of Israel.
20: 7 and Ctr֗t Al-sni֙ Hֽamod֔im Gm-mm֙al֙ Mlam֣t Hb֔tn As֖r La֣br * lattice ** Hsbc֑h and Hrmon֤im Mat֙im֙ Tr֣im Sb֔ib A֖l Hct֥rt Hsnֽit:
21: 7 and I֙km֙ At-hֽamd֔im Lal֖m Hֽhic֑l and I֜km At-ham֣od Himn֗i and Ikr֤a At-smo֙ Ic֔in and I֙km֙ At-ham֣od Hsmal֔i and Ikr֥a At-sm֖o Bֽaz:
22: 7 And the children of Sod, the captain of the people of Amad, did not do anything, but they did not do anything to them, but they did not give up the food of the Amorites.
23: 7 And he made the house of the people, and the people of the tribe of the tribe of the tribe of Amphitheth, the tribe of his tribe, even unto him, even unto him, even in the midst of the sea, and in the midst of the sea, and in the midst of them;
24: 7 And the transgressors came to him, and they came to him, and they went out to him, and they came to him, and they came to him, and they came to him, and they came to him, and they came to him.
25: 7 Am֞d Al-sn֧i As֣r Bk֗r Sls֣h Fn֣im | Tzf֡onh and Slsh֩ Fn֨im | I֜mh and Sls֣h | Fn֣im N֗gbh and Slsh֙ Fn֣im Mzr֔hh and Hi֥m Alih֖m Mlm֑alh and Cl-ahֽrih֖m Bֽith:
26: 7 And my servants, the children of the tribe of Php, and the tribe of Asah, did as they did to the tribe of Shachath, so that they were scattered among the children of Shushan, but they were not in the house.
27: 7 And he made the house of the king, and it was in the midst of the land of the LORD, that he was in the midst of the nation, that he was the king of the kingdom, that he was the one, and the multitude, and the multitude, the nation, and the people, and the people of the land.
28: 7 And this is what they do: they are the vessels of the flesh; they are the shields; they are their shields, and they are the shields, and they are the ones that make the flame.
29: 7 and Aֽl-hmsgr֞ot As֣r | B֣in Hslb֗im Ari֤ot | Bkr֙ and Crob֔im and Al-hslb֖im C֣n Mm֑al and Mt֙ht֙ Lari֣ot and Lbk֔r Li֖ot Mas֥h Morֽd:
30: 7 and Arbah֩ Aofn֨i Nh֜st Lmcon֤h Hֽaht֙ and Srn֣i Nh֔st and Arba֥h Famt֖io Ctf֣t Lh֑m Mt֤ht Lcir֙ Hctf֣t Itzk֔ot Ma֥br A֖is Liֽot:
31: 7 and ֠fiho Mb֨it Lct֤rt and M֙alh֙ Bֽam֔h and F֙ih֙ Ag֣l Mash-c֔n Am֖h and Htz֣i Hֽam֑h and Gm-al-f֙ih֙ Mkla֔ot and Msgrtih֥m Mrba֖ot L֥a Aglֽot:
32: 7 And the multitude of the men of the children of Israel came to the house, and they came to the house, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the land of Israel, and the land of Israel, and the land of Israel.
33: 7 And he that did the work of the people, and the people of Israel, did as they had done unto them, and they gave up their inheritance, and their wives, and their families, and their families, and their families, and their families, and their families, and their families.
34: 7 And he drew up the scrolls, and went up to them, and brought them to the house of the king, and they brought them out of the house of the king.
35: 7 And Beruash the son of Simeon, the son of Aaron, the son of Heshon, the son of Ammonah, of Koham, the son of Elijah, the son of Jacob, the son of Simeon, the son of Zach, the son of Simeon, the son of Micha, the son of David, of Simeon.
36: 7 And he gave up his inheritance, and gave it to her, and to her, and to her frames, and from her chains, and to the mountains, and to the mountains, and to the mountains, and to the sea, and to the south;
37: 7 And this is what I have done, but I do not know, but the people of the house of the sons of Israel have been brought to the land, and the people of the land have been put to death.
38: 7 and I֛as Asr֥h Cir֖ot Nh֑st Arba֨im B֜t Ic֣il | Hci֣or Hah֗d Arb֤a Bֽamh֙ Hci֣or Hah֔d Ci֤or Ahd֙ Al-hmcon֣h Hah֔t La֖sr Hmcnֽot:
39: 7 and Itn֙ At-hmcn֔ot Hm֞s Al-c֤tf Hb֙it֙ Mim֔in and Hm֛s Al-c֥tf Hb֖it Msmal֑o and At-hi֗m Nt֞n Mc֨tf Hb֧it Himn֛it K֖dmh Mm֥ol Nֽgb: S.
40: 7 and I֣as Hir֔om At-h֨cir֔ot and At-hia֖im and At-hmzrk֑ot and Ic֣l Hir֗m Lֽasot֙ At-cl-hmlac֔h As֥r As֛h Lm֥lc Slm֖h B֥it Ihoֽh:
41: 7 Amd֣im Sn֔im and Gl֧t Hctr֛t Asr-al-r֥as Hֽamd֖im St֑im and Hsbc֣ot St֔im Lcs֗ot At-sti֙ Gl֣t Hcֽtr֔t As֖r Al-r֥as Hamodֽim:
42: 7 and At-hrmn֛im Arb֥a Ma֖ot Lst֣i Hsbc֑ot Snֽi-tor֤im Rmnim֙ Lsbc֣h Hֽah֔t Lcs֗ot At-sti֙ Gl֣t Hcֽtr֔t As֖r Al-fn֥i Hamodֽim:
43: 7 And he made the house of the priests, and the tenth of the tenth day of the tenth day of Ecclesiastes.
44: 7 And the other, the other, and the firstborn, two years that did the work of the LORD;
45: 7 And the hieroglyphs, and the waters, and the marshes, and all the vessels, all the tents.
46: 7 In the midst of the Jordan, shall the people of the land be brought to you in the depths of the earth, even the people, who are in the midst of the land, and the people of the land;
47: 7 And it came to pass, that he had destroyed all things, that he was not satisfied with them, and that he had not been given the commandment of the LORD.
48: 7 And it came to pass, that all things were done, that all things were done, that the LORD had come upon him, and that the LORD had given birth to him, and that he had given up his inheritance, and that he had given up his inheritance, and that he had given up his inheritance to them.
49: 7 And the lamps of the heat were filled with water, and they were filled with heat, but before the light, the light was shining, and the light was shining, and the light was light, and the lamps were light, and the vessels were hot.
50: 7 and ֠hsfot and Hֽmzmr֧ot and Hmzrk֛ot and Hcf֥ot and Hmht֖ot Zh֣b Sg֑or and Hft֡ot Ldltot֩ Hb֨it Hfnim֜i Lk֣ds Hkds֗im Ldlt֥i Hb֛it Lhic֖l Zhֽb: P.
51: 7 and Tslm֙ Cl-hmlac֔h As֥r As֛h Hm֥lc Slm֖h B֣it Iho֑h and Ib֨a Slm֜h At-kds֣i | Do֣d Ab֗io At-hc֤sf and At-hzhb֙ and At-hcl֔im Nt֕n Batzr֖ot B֥it Ihoֽh: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 8   (66 verses)‬
1: 8 A֣z Ikh֣l Slm֣h At-zkn֣i Isra֡l At-cl-ras֣i Hmtot֩ Nsia֨i Hab֜ot Lbn֧i Isra֛l Al-hm֥lc Slm֖h Irosl֑m Lֽhal֞ot At-ar֧on Brit-iho֛h Ma֥ir Do֖d H֥ia Tziֽon:
2: 8 And he said unto them, Come unto me, let all the men go, all the men of Israel, that are in the house of the LORD, that they may enter into the house of the LORD, and they shall be the feast of the seventh day.
3: 8 And they came to him, and as they were, they were old, and the people of Israel rose up, and brought up the people, and destroyed the land.
4: 8 And I will go up to you, and I will be with you, O LORD, and I will come to you, and I will come to you all, and all the people of the world shall be destroyed. And I will bring them to you, but they will not go down, and they will be destroyed.
5: 8 And it is your inheritance, and it is all the time of Israel, that is, the people who have committed adultery. You have given it up to him, so that you have turned away from him, so that you may be sacrificed, and you will not be disappointed.
6: 8 And the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the LORD were brought to the house of Yahweh, saying unto him, Come unto him, unto the light of the Lord, bring unto the Lord the holy of the holy, and come unto the house of the oven, and the cherubim shall not return.
7: 8 And when the cherubim were scattered, they were scattered like thorns, but they did not go down to the sea, and they came to the land, and the people of the land went down on the land of the land, and upon the house of their children, from the midst of the wilderness.
8: 8 And they brought it to the LORD, and they saw it, and they saw it, and the chief of the people, the LORD, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, the land of the children, the children of the children, and the children of Judah, and the children of Judah, and the children of Israel;
9: 8 Where are the children of the children of Israel, the sons of the sons of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel?
10: 8 And there came to me a reproach of the priests, because of the thorns, and of them, and of them, I saw the house of the LORD;
11: 8 And they were not able to go down, but the men went down to the house of the Lord, so that they were able to escape from me, because they were afraid of me, because I was full of the glory of the LORD, the LORD, the daughter of Yahweh, the LORD of hosts.
12: 8 Wherefore is it that the Lord hath said, Verily, the LORD, O LORD, hath he not gone, that he may dwell in the midst of the earth?
13: 8 Behold, my son, you shall be with me, and you shall be brought back to me, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
14: 8 And Jesse the son of the king turned away his face, and gave him all the children of Israel, and all the children of Israel, and all the people of Israel, went up against them.
15: 8 And the Lord said, Lord, bless thee, O LORD, I pray thee, O God, I am the LORD, and I will not be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with him.
16: 8 Mn-hi֗om As֨r Hotz֜ati At-am֣i At-isral֮ Mmtzrim֒ Lֽa-bh֣rti Ba֗ir Mcl֙ Sbt֣i Isra֔l Lbn֣ot B֔it Lhi֥ot Sm֖i S֑m and Abh֣r Bdo֔d Lֽhi֖ot Al-am֥i Israֽl:
17: 8 And they were with the children of the house of David, the father of the children, and the sons of the daughters of Israel, the children of the children of Israel, the LORD, the LORD, the God of Israel, and the people of Israel.
18: 8 And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 'Come, my God, I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with you.'
19: 8 Behold, thou shalt not be satisfied: for thou art not a son, but a son of a son, and a son of the children of the children of Israel.
20: 8 and I֣km Iho֔h At-dbr֖o As֣r Db֑r and Ak֡m Tht֩ Do֨d Ab֜i and As֣b Al-cs֣a Isra֗l Cֽasr֙ Db֣r Iho֔h and Abn֣h Hb֔it Ls֥m Iho֖h Alh֥i Israֽl:
21: 8 And when the people of Israel were standing up, they rose up, saying, "The Lord is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, and the Father."
22: 8 And the people of the tribe of Solomon came before me, and the children of Zephath, the LORD, were there, and all the children of Israel were there, and the people of Israel were scattered about them.
23: 8 and Iam֗r Iho֞h Alh֤i Isral֙ Ain-cm֣oc Alh֔im Bsm֣im Mm֔al and Al-ha֖rtz Mt֑ht Sm֤r Hbrit֙ and ֽhh֔sd Labd֕ic Hhlc֥im Lfn֖ic Bcl-lbֽm:
24: 8 As for the name of thy name, I am thy servant, the servant of the Lord, the Lord of the Father, the Father, the Father, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Father.
25: 8 And the LORD At֞h | Alh֣i Isra֗l S֠mr Labdc֨ [c] Do֤d Abi֙ At֩ As֨r Db֤rt Lo֙ Lam֔r La-icr֨t Lc֥ Ais֙ Mlfn֔i Is֖b Al-cs֣a Isra֑l R֠k Am-ismr֨o Bn֤ic At-drcm֙ Ll֣ct Lfn֔i Cas֥r Hl֖ct Lfnֽi:
26: 8 And God, O God, shall be satisfied, O Israel; and it shall come to pass, and it shall come to pass, and it shall come to pass, and it shall be given to you, and it shall be given to you, and it shall be given to you.
27: 8 And when the men of the nation came to sleep, God turned to them, and they did not go up against the land, but the people were there, and they were put to death, because they were not there, but they were not in the house, because they were not with you, because they were not, and they were not in the house.
28: 8 And thou shalt go up to the table of your servant, and thou shalt not give up his inheritance: for the LORD is his God, for he is not a man, nor a servant of the Lord, nor a servant of God, but thy servant is thy servant.
29: 8 Lhiot֩ Ain֨c Fth֜ot Al-hb֤it Hzh֙ L֣ilh and I֔om Al-h֨mk֔om As֣r Am֔rt Ihi֥h Sm֖i S֑m Lsm֙a֙ Al-htfl֔h As֣r Itfl֣l Abdc֔ Al-hmk֖om Hzֽh:
30: 8 and S֨mat֜ Al-thn֤t Abdc֙ and Amc֣ Isra֔l As֥r Iֽtfֽll֖o Al-hmk֣om Hz֑h and ֠ath Tsm֞a Al-mk֤om Sbtc֙ Al-hsm֔im and Smat֖ and Slֽht:
31: 8 And when the servant of the Lord was crucified, he became a sinner, and the man was not satisfied with his wickedness, and his son, his wife, his wife, and his wife, he married him, and he returned to him, and said to him, 'Come to me, and I will go to you.' "33 The son of Zebachech said to him," This is the son of Zechariah. "
32: 8 And thou shalt give up thy name, and do thine own work: and thou shalt not judge thy servants: for thou shalt make the inheritance of the Lord of Israel, the inheritance of the Lord of the land, and of the land of the land of thy land, and of the land of his land, and of the land of the land of Zik, and of Zadik,
33: 8 Bֽhng֞f Amc֧ Isra֛l Lfn֥i Aoi֖b As֣r Ihtao-l֑c and S֤bo Al֙ic֙ and Hod֣o At-sm֔c and Hֽtfֽll֧o and Hֽthnn֛o Al֖ic Bb֥it Hzֽh:
34: 8 And thou shalt be ashamed of the people of the land, and thou shalt surely bring forth unto the LORD thy servants the people of Israel;
35: 8 Behold, it is not in the heat of the earth, nor in the heat of the earth, but in the heat of the earth, because ye are not afraid of it, neither are they oppressed, nor are they oppressed, but this is what it is that is, and they shall surely bring forth your name, and the sin of their sins.
36: 8 and At֣h | Tsm֣a Hsm֗im and S֨lht֜ Lht֤at Abd֙ic֙ and Amc֣ Isra֔l C֥i Tor֛m At-hd֥rc Htob֖h As֣r Iֽlco-b֑h and Ntt֤h Mtr֙ Al-artzc֔ Asr-nt֥th Lamc֖ Lnhlֽh: S.
37: 8 Ra֞b Cֽi-ihi֣h Ba֗rtz D֣br Cֽi-i֠hih Sdf֨on Irk֜on Arb֤h Hsil֙ C֣i Ihi֔h C֧i Iֽtzr-l֛o Aib֖o Ba֣rtz Sar֑io Cl-n֖ga Cֽl-mhlֽh:
38: 8 All the people of the world, all of them, have died; they are the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel and the people of Israel.
39: 8 and ֠ath Tsm֨a Hsm֜im Mc֤on Sbt֙c֙ and Slht֣ and As֔it and Ntt֤ Lais֙ Ccl-drc֔io As֥r Td֖a At-lbb֑o Cֽi-at֤h Id֙at֙ Lbdc֔ At-lb֖b Cl-bn֥i Hadֽm:
40: 8 For the sake of the people of Israel, you shall be blessed, and all of them shall be with you, for they are alive, and they are not in front of me, but the LORD is the LORD, the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD.
41: 8 And even unto the son of the son of Israel, I will give it to thee: for thou shalt not be with thy people: but the LORD shall be lifted up, and behold, it shall come forth from the land of Rochah, that is, to Maman, that is your name.
42: 8 When your ears hear the voice of your servant, the mighty one, and your voice, and your voice, and your voice, and your voice, and your voice, and your voice, I will come to you, and I will come to you.
43: 8 At֞h Tsm֤a Hsm֙im֙ Mc֣on Sbt֔c and As֕it Cc֛l Asr-ikr֥a Al֖ic Hncr֑i Lm֣an Idaon֩ Cl-am֨i Ha֜rtz At-sm֗c Lira֤h Aֽtc֙ Camc֣ Isra֔l and Ld֕at Ci-smc֣ Nkr֔a Al-hb֥it Hz֖h As֥r Bnֽiti:
44: 8 Ci-itz֨a Amc֤ Lmlhmh֙ Al-a֣ib֔o Bd֖rc As֣r Tslh֑m and Htfֽll֣o Al-iho֗h D֤rc Hair֙ As֣r Bh֣rt B֔h and Hb֖it Asr-bn֥ti Lsmֽc:
45: 8 And when they heard the name of the people, they took up their prayer, and their commandment, and they did their judgment.
46: 8 And when the people of Israel were destroyed, the people of Israel came to them, and the people of Israel were not there, neither were they persecuted, nor were they afflicted with them, but they gave them up before them, and they returned to their land, and their captives returned to the land of the land, and the land of the land was empty;
47: 8 And his heart hath gone to the heart of their hearts; they are in the midst of the earth; for they are not captivated; for they have been destroyed; and they have turned away; and they have been given to you, and they have been in your country.
48: 8 and S֣bo Al֗ic Bcl-lbbm֙ and Bcl-nfs֔m Ba֥rtz Aibih֖m Asr-sb֣o At֑m and Hֽtfֽll֣o Al֗ic D֤rc Artzm֙ As֣r Nt֣th Labot֔m Hair֙ As֣r Bh֔rt and Hb֖it Asr- * Second ** Bn֥iti Lsmֽc:
49: 8 And when you heard the name of the people, they made your captivity repent, and they gave up their prayer, and gave them their supplication, and did what they did to their judges.
50: 8 And thou shalt send unto thy people, and I will give it unto thee, and behold unto them all, and to all their wickedness: for they are not wicked, but they have been saved, and they have given them mercy. And they shall not return to them; they shall return to them, and they shall be merciful.
51: 8 When your people are angry, and your inheritance is gone, they are not. As for the people of Nazareth, I will not give them up; but the people of Nazareth shall be saved from you, and I will not be with you.
52: 8 Let your eyes come before you, and open up to your servant, your servant's servants, and to the people of your people, let them rise up to you, and let them come to you, and they shall come to them, and they will not return to you.
53: 8 Cֽi-at֞h Hbdlt֤m Lc֙ Lֽnhl֔h Mc֖l Am֣i Ha֑rtz Cas֨r Db֜rt Bi֣d | Ms֣h Abd֗c Bhotziac֧ At-abt֛ino Mmtzr֖im Adn֥i Ihoֽh: P.
54: 8 and Ih֣i | Ccl֣ot Slm֗h Lhtfll֙ Al-iho֔h A֛t Cl-htfl֥h and Hthn֖h Hz֑at K֞m Mlfn֨i Mzb֤h Ihoh֙ Mcr֣a Al-brc֔io and Cf֖io Frs֥ot Hsmֽim:
55: 8 And the people of the tribe of David, and the children of Israel, all the children of Israel, went up to Kedol, Gad, and Gomorrah to Amor.
56: 8 Br֣oc Iho֗h As֨r Nt֤n Mnohh֙ Lam֣o Isra֔l Cc֖l As֣r Db֑r Lֽa-nf֞l Db֣r Ah֗d Mcl֙ Dbr֣o Ht֔ob As֣r Db֔r Bi֖d Ms֥h Abdֽo:
57: 8 Behold, the LORD, O God, is our God, our God, and our people, as as a wife, that is, with our fathers, and with us, do not let us go away, and let us not be ashamed.
58: 8 Whosoever hath given unto him, and unto him, that thou shalt not go in all thy ways, and that he shall be filled with all his commandments, and his judgments, and his judgments, and his judgments;
59: 8 and Iֽhi֨o Dbr֜i A֗lh As֤r Hthn֙nti֙ Lfn֣i Iho֔h Krb֛im Al-iho֥h Alh֖ino Iom֣m and L֑ilh Las֣ot | Msf֣t Abd֗o and Msf֛t Am֥o Isra֖l Dbr-i֥om Biomֽo:
60: 8 For the sake of all the people of the land was the land, because the LORD, the LORD, is the LORD, and the LORD is the God of the people.
61: 8 8 And it was your heart, that they had received them, because the LORD, the God of God, had given us strength, and he did not take his law in his law, nor did the people of the land come to him.
62: 8 And he that is with thee, and all the people of Israel, are with him, sacrificing him, sacrificing them: behold, they shall come before the LORD.
63: 8 and Izb֣h Slm֗h A֣t Z֣bh Hslmim֮ As֣r Zb֣h Lihoh֒ Bk֗r Asr֤im and Sn֙im֙ A֔lf and Tz֕an Ma֥h and Asr֖im A֑lf and ֽihnco֙ At-b֣it Iho֔h Hm֖lc and Cl-bn֥i Israֽl:
64: 8 Bi֣om Hh֗oa Kd֨s Hm֜lc At-t֣oc Hhtz֗r Asr֙ Lfn֣i Bit-iho֔h Ci-a֣sh S֗m At-hֽalh֙ and At-hmnh֔h and A֖t Hlb֣i Hslm֑im Cֽi-mzb֤h Hnh֙st֙ As֣r Lfn֣i Iho֔h Kt֗n Mֽhcil֙ At-hal֣h and At-hmnh֔h and A֖t Hlb֥i Hslmֽim:
65: 8 and I֣as Slm֣h Bֽat-hh֣ia | At-hh֡g and Cl-isra֣l Amo֩ Kh֨l Gd֜ol Mlb֥oa Hm֣t | Ad-n֣hl Mtzr֗im Lfni֙ LORD Alh֔ino Sba֥t Im֖im and Sba֣t Im֑im Arba֥h As֖r Iֽom:
66: 8 Bi֤om Hsmini֙ Sl֣h At-ha֔m and ֽibrc֖o At-hm֑lc and Ilc֣o Lahlih֗m Smhim֙ and T֣obi L֔b A֣l Cl-htob֗h As֨r As֤h Ihoh֙ Ldo֣d Abd֔o and Lisra֖l Amֽo:
‪xxxx  Chapter 9   (28 verses)‬
1: 9 And it came to pass, as in all things, that it was ready to build up the house of the LORD, and it was the daughter of the LORD, and she gave her all the strength of her hand, that she had given up.
2: 9 And he saw the LORD, and said unto him: 'Behold, thou shalt be like a woman, because he hath seen her, and he hath not seen him in the midst of the wilderness.'
3: 9 and I֨amr Iho֜h Al֗io S֠mati At-tfltc֣ and At-thntc֮ As֣r Hthn֣nth Lfni֒ Hkd֗sti At-hb֤it Hzh֙ As֣r Bn֔th Lsֽom-sm֥i S֖m Ad-aol֑m and Hi֨o Ain֧i and Lb֛i S֖m Cl-himֽim:
4: 9 And behold, if thou art gone before me, as as a man, it is not thy land, but thy father, thy God, is in the house of thy heart, and it is in him, that it is good to do so, as it is done, and as it is done, I will bring forth thy commandment to thee, the law of the law, and the law of the wicked.
5: 9 and Hk֨mt֜i At-cs֧a Mֽmlctc֛ Al-isra֖l Lal֑m Cas֣r Db֗rti Al-do֤d Ab֙ic֙ Lam֔r Lֽa-icr֤t Lc֙ A֔is Ma֖l Cs֥a Israֽl:
6: 9 Am-s֨ob Tsb֜on At֤m and Bnicm֙ Mֽahr֔i and L֤a Tsmro֙ Mtzoֺt֣i Hkt֔i As֥r Nt֖ti Lfnic֑m and Hlct֗m and Abdtm֙ Alh֣im Ahr֔im and Hsthoit֖m Lhֽm:
7: 9 Hcrt֣i At-isra֗l Ma֨l Fn֤i Hadmh֙ As֣r Nt֣ti Lh֔m and At-hb֙it֙ As֣r Hkd֣sti Lsm֔i Asl֖h Ma֣l Fn֑i and Hi֧h Isra֛l Lms֥l and Lsnin֖h Bcl-hamֽim:
8: 9 And the father gave him this thing, and he gave it to him, and he gave him all his strength, and he gave up his bread, and he poured it out, and said it to him, saying, Verily, he hath done unto thee, O LORD, the LORD hath given thee this land, that which is the seed of the seed, and he hath given it to him.
9: 9 and Amr֗o Al֩ As֨r Azb֜o At-iho֣h Alhih֗m As֨r Hotz֣ia At-abtm֮ Ma֣rtz Mtzrim֒ and ֽihz֙ko֙ Balh֣im Ahr֔im * and worshiped ** and Istho֥o [a] Lh֖m and Iabd֑m Al-c֗n Hb֤ia Ihoh֙ Alih֔m A֥t Cl-hra֖h Hzֽat: P.
10: 9 And there came to me a hundred and twenty nine, which was that the son of Israel had destroyed the son of the LORD, and the daughter of the daughter of Jehoiah the son of Jehoiah, and the daughter of the daughter of the king.
11: 9 Hir֣m Mֽlc-tz֠r Ns֨a At-slm֜h Batzi֩ Arz֨im and Batz֧i Bros֛im and Bzh֖b Lcl-hftz֑o A֡z Itn֩ Hm֨lc Slm֤h Lhirm֙ Asr֣im A֔ir Ba֖rtz Hglֽil:
12: 9 And the enemy of Hiram saw it, and he saw it, and saw it, and saw it, that it was not given to him, that he had given it to him, that he had given it to him, and that he was not satisfied with his own eyes.
13: 9 And he said unto them, Behold, the cities are the nations, which have been given to them, that is, to them, and to them, and to them, and to them, and to them, and to them;
14: 9 And they were afraid of their anger, because they came from you, and they were rich, so that it was raining.
15: 9 and Z֨h Dbr-hm֜s Asֽr-hal֣h | Hm֣lc Slm֗h Lbnot֩ At-b֨it Iho֤h and At-bito֙ and At-hml֔oa and A֖t Hom֣t Irosl֑m and At-htz֥r and At-mgd֖o and At-gֽzr:
16: 9 Fra֨h Mֽlc-mtzr֜im Al֗h and Ilc֤d At-g֙zr֙ and Isrf֣h Ba֔s and At-hֽcnan֛i His֥b Ba֖ir Hr֑g and ֽitnh֙ Slh֔im Lbt֖o A֥st Slmֽh:
17: 9 And the son of Solomon came to Mizrah-gazur, and the daughter of Horath, and they were buried under their feet.
18: 9 And the daughter of Baalath, and Tamar, Thammur, was born in Midabar, in the land.
19: 9 and A֨t Cl-ar֤i Hֽmscnot֙ As֣r Hi֣o Lslm֔h and At֙ Ar֣i Hr֔cb and A֖t Ar֣i Hfrs֑im and A֣t | H֣sk Slm֗h As֤r Hsk֙ Lbn֤ot Birosl֙m֙ and Blbn֔on and Bc֖l A֥rtz Mmsltֽo:
20: 9 All the men of the tribe of the Amorites, the children of Hathaway, the Pharisees, of Hathaway, of Abyssinia, of Asherah, of Nazareth, of Meban, of Israel, of Israel;
21: 9 Their children are as they are, and they are not more than their fathers, but they are in the land of Israel. As for the people of Israel, they are not the children of Israel, but the people of Israel have been destroyed, because they have been destroyed because of them, and they have been destroyed, for they have not yet been destroyed, and they have not yet returned to their land.
22: 9 And the sons of Israel, the children of Israel, did not die, but they were not, because they were destroyed, because they were the men of the war, and their servants, and his servants, and his servants, and his men, and his servants, and his servants, and his servants, and his descendants, and his servants.
23: 9 I am saying, "I am the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God."
24: 9 And the daughter of Pharaoh, the daughter of the daughter of Pharao, said unto her, I will not go down to the house of David, nor to the house of the daughter of the daughter of Asherah, but to the son of Leah, the son of Leah, the son of Pharaoh, the son of Pharaoh.
25: 9 and Hal֣h Slm֡h Sls֩ Fam֨im Bsn֜h Al֣ot and Slm֗im Al-hmzb֙h֙ As֣r Bn֣h Liho֔h and Hkt֣ir At֔o [c] As֖r Lfn֣i Iho֑h and Sl֖m At-hbֽit:
26: 9 And I will do as I have done unto thee, that I may go down in the midst of the children of Gibebar, that I will bring unto thee the children of the children of the sea, the sea of ​​the sea, in the midst of the land of the earth.
27: 9 And I will not be afraid of them, but they will be with me, and I will give up the work of them, and I will not be ashamed of them, but I will not let them know, but I know that they are servants, but they are servants of mine.
28: 9 And Abo, Oopira, and brought him, and took them out of there: they were seven hundred, and four hundred, and nine, as they were, and they were brought to the house of the king;
‪xxxx  Chapter 10   (29 verses)‬
1: 10 And it was from the commandment of the captives, that they had not taken away the sackcloth, that they had given it to them for their own sake, but the LORD had given it to him, and he had given it to his daughters,
2: 10 Tb֣a Irosl֗mh Bhil֮ Cb֣d Mad֒ G֠mlim Nsa֨im Bsm֧im and Zh֛b Rb-ma֖d and A֣bn Ikr֑h and Tba֙ Al-slm֔h and Tdb֣r Al֔io A֛t Cl-as֥r Hi֖h Am-lbbֽh:
3: 10 And Haggadah lauded Solomon, who gave up all the words of her; and she said unto them, Behold, it is a commandment, and it shall be taken away from them: for from thy hand shall I go, that I may not be afraid.
4: 10 And he saw the greatness of the house of the captivity, and it came to pass, that all the wise men were with him, and that the father had given birth to her.
5: 10 Mac֣l Slhn֡o and Mos֣b Abdio֩ and Mam֨d * ** Msrt֜io servant and Mlbֽsihm֙ and Msk֔io and A֣lt֔o As֥r Ial֖h B֣it Iho֑h and La-h֥ih B֛h A֖od Rֽoh:
6:10 And thou shalt say unto me, Thou shalt go down, thou shalt surely believe: behold, the LORD hath said, I am the Lord, that is, I am the LORD, and I will bring thee in thy land, even upon thy word, and upon thy wisdom.
7: 10 And it came to pass, that I had given birth to the children, that I had not seen them, and that I had seen them, and that they were not with me, and that they were not with me, nor with them, nor with them, nor with them, nor with them, and with them, and with them, and with them, and with them,
8: 10 Behold, I am a man, thy servants, that I may be thy servants: but I will send thee, and they shall be steadfast before thee, even though thou shalt not hear thy voice.
9: 10 Ih֨i Iho֤h Alh֙ic֙ Br֔oc Asr֙ Hf֣tz Bc֔ Lttc֖ Al-cs֣a Isra֑l Bahb֨t Iho֤h At-isral֙ Lal֔m and Isֽimc֣ Lm֔lc Las֥ot Msf֖t and Tzdkֽh:
10: 10 Tt֨n Lm֜lc Ma֥h and Asr֣im | Cc֣r Zh֗b and Bsm֛im Hrb֥h Ma֖d and A֣bn Ikr֑h La-ba֩ Cb֨sm Hh֥oa Aod֙ Lr֔b Asr-ntn֥h Mֽlct-sb֖a Lm֥lc Slmֽh:
11: 10 And even the people of the land of Israel were afraid of them, but the people of the tribe of Zechariah were not afraid of them, and they were not afraid of the fire, but of the people of the land, the people of the land, and of the land of the land of Israel.
12: 10 I֣as H֠mlc At-atz֨i Halmg֜im Msa֤d Lbit-ihoh֙ and Lb֣it Hm֔lc and Cnr֥ot and Nbl֖im Lsr֑im L֣a Bֽa-c֞n Atz֤i Almgim֙ and L֣a Nra֔h A֖d Hi֥om Hzֽh:
13: 10 Hm֨lc Slm֜h Nt֣n Lmֽlct-sb֗a At-cl-hftzh֙ As֣r Sa֔lh Mlbd֙ As֣r Nֽtn-l֔h Ci֖d Hm֣lc Slm֑h and T֛fn and T֥lc Lartz֖h H֥ia and Abdֽih: S.
14: 10 And it shall be, when this shekel shall be filled, that it shall be given to him, that he shall be brought to him, that he may return to him, that he may be in his place, that he may be satisfied, and that he shall not be ashamed, that he may be ashamed, and that he shall be ashamed;
15: 10 For the people of Manasseh were rebellious, and the land was empty, and the land was full of them, and all the kings of the land, and the multitude of the land of the land.
16: 10 And it came to pass, that it was your inheritance, that it was now, from there, that there was a wind, and that it was there, and that it was seven hundred cubits, six hundred cubits, and seven hundred cubits, seven cubits, over the thorns;
17: 10 And three hundred and twenty-nine, seven hundred, seven hundred, seven hundred, six hundred, six hundred, seven hundred, seven hundred, seven hundred, seventy-nine, one hundred, thirty, two hundred, nine hundred, thirty, nine hundred, thirty, seven hundred;
18: 10 And he did that which was in your hands, so that he went up to the ground, and was watching him.
19: 10 And the six hundred men went up to the throne, and to the head of the jungle, to the throne, to the east, to the west, to the east, to the east, to the east, to the east, to the east, to the east, to the east, to the east, to the east, to the south, and to the east,
20: 10 And the two men did as they saw, saying, "They are not, but they are not, but they are not, for they are three hundred and fifty, and they are seven hundred and fifty, and they are not, nor are they;
21: 10 And all the people, all of them, are satisfied, because the king is yours, and he is the king of all the nations, and he is the king of all the nations of the world, and he is the son of the sons of Israel.
22: 10 Ci֩ An֨i Trs֤is Lm֙lc֙ Bi֔m A֖m An֣i Hir֑m Aht֩ Lsl֨s Sn֜im Tb֣oa | An֣i Trs֗is Nֽsat֙ Zh֣b and C֔sf Snhb֥im and Kf֖im and Tciֽim:
23: 10 And he is great, and he is the king of yours; he is the king of all the kings, the king of the land, and of the wise, and of the wise.
24: 10 And the king of the land ran away from him, and raised his face before him, that he should not lift up his wisdom, but that he had given him the favor of his God.
25: 10 And when they came, they came to him, and there was a man of his flock, all of them, all of them, all of them, all of them, all of them, all of them, all of them, all of them; and they were full of them, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and the land of the wilderness was still there.
26: 10 Ias֣f Slmh֮ R֣cb and Frsim֒ and Ihi-l֗o A֤lf and Arba-maot֙ R֔cb and Snim-as֥r A֖lf Fֽrs֑im and Inhm֙ Bar֣i Hr֔cb and Am-hm֖lc Biroslֽm:
27: 10 And they brought the men who took the oxen in Jeruselam, as they were the sons of the children, and the ark of the ark, they were as they were, when they were raised up, which was in the hand of the LORD,
28: 10 And Moses, the scepter, hath married the king, and he hath given it to Egypt, and he hath given it to the merchant, so that he may take it, and he shall bring it to the house of the fire.
29: 10 ֽ֠talh and Ttz֨a Mrcb֤h Mmtzr֙im֙ Bs֣s Ma֣ot C֔sf and S֖os Bhms֣im and Ma֑h and ֠cn Lcl-mlc֧i Hht֛im and Lmlc֥i Ar֖m Bid֥m Itzֽao: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 11   (43 verses)‬
1: 11 And the people of Solomon have come to you, the women of Israel, the sons of Pharaoh, the wives of the children of Pharaoh, the ones of my fathers, the wives of the women, the servants of the children of Israel, my servants, my servants, my servants, my servants, and my daughters.
2: 11 Mn-hgoi֗m As֣r Aֽmr-ihoh֩ Al-bn֨i Isra֜l Lֽa-tb֣ao Bh֗m and Hm֙ La-ib֣ao Bc֔m Acn֙ It֣o At-lbbc֔m Ahr֖i Alhih֑m Bh֛m Db֥k Slm֖h Lahbֽh:
3:11 And it was there that the men of the women sang, and they went back to the gate of the sea, and they came to the gate of the sea, and they came to him, and they came to him, and they came to him, and they gave him a woman offering him his heart.
4:11 And there was a time when the young men of the tribe of Israel were waiting; they were hot with the heart, and they came after him; but God was not yet another; and he was not afraid of the heart; for he was with God, and his God was with him, and his heart was not with him.
5:11 And it shall come to pass, that it shall come to pass yet, that thou hast done unto the God of God, that they may not go, and afterward they shall be put to death, and they shall be quiet with men.
6:11 And he that did his own thing, looked in the eyes of the LORD, and said unto him, Behold, I will come after thee, O LORD, O LORD, as in the hand of David,
7:11 Then the son of Israel came to him, and he returned to him, to drink, to drink, to drink, and to drink, to drink, to drink, to drink, to drink, and to drink bread.
8: 11 And so he did unto all men, and his sons were the least of them: they were small, and they were small, and they sacrificed their offerings to God, and they were not.
9:11 And the LORD, the LORD, was with her in peace, because the children of the children of Israel were afraid of them, because they were afraid of them, and the LORD was afraid of them, and the people of Israel were afraid of them, because they were afraid of them, and they were not afraid of them.
10: 11 And the LORD commanded him, saying, I am against the Lord, and this is the light of my heart, and I will bring it to thee. After that I will come to God, and I will not be late, nor shall I be any more, but I will bring forth the things which the LORD commanded.
11: 11 I֨amr Iho֜h Lslm֗h I֚an As֣r Hֽith-z֣at Am֔c and L֤a Sm֙rt֙ Brit֣i and Hkt֔i As֥r Tzo֖iti Al֑ic Kr֨a Akr֤a At-hmmlch֙ Mֽal֔ic and Ntt֖ih Labdֽc:
12: 11 But your heart is not with me, but it is not the people of Israel, but the Lord, the Lord, is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God.
13: 11 Thou shalt not give up all the money, neither is it any more, that is, I will bring forth the seed of thy flesh, that is, your son, for you, for the sake of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the servant of the Lord, the servant of the Lord, the servant of the Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the World.
14: 11 And the LORD rose up, and the LORD was a devil: he was full of the LORD, and he was the LORD, and the LORD was the LORD, and the LORD was the LORD.
15: 11 And behold, in Me, I am the daughter of David, thou hast taken the covenant of the Lord of the worlds, and the people of the tribe of Israel, that is, the captain of the tribe of Israel, that hath taken away the destruction of the land, and that all of you have been blessed in this land.
16: 11 When the sixth day of the month was gone, the people of Israel returned to the land of Israel, and all the people of Israel went up to the land of Israel, all that was in the land of Israel.
17: 11 And he said unto him, O Lord, behold, I am the servant of the LORD, and I have become my servant, and I have not worshiped him, but I have not seen him, nor have I ever seen him, and I have gone out of his way.
18: 11 Ik֙mo֙ Mmdi֔n and Ib֖ao Far֑n and Ikho֩ Ans֨im Am֜m Mfar֗n and Ib֤ao Mtzr֙im֙ Al-fra֣h Mֽlc-mtzr֔im and Itn-l֣o B֗it and L֙hm֙ A֣mr L֔o and A֖rtz N֥tn Lֽo:
19: 11 And Hadad found him in the midst of the midst of the eyes of Pharaoh, and he gave birth to him, and he gave her a wife, and she married him another woman, and his wife married him, and she married him, and she married him.
20:11 And the children of Israel were with him, and the sons of the tribe of Zephaniah, the sons of Ghanav, were there in his house, and they were filled with him; the tribe of Pharisees begged him, and the daughter of Pharaoh went out, and was there. Genocide, she was the daughter of Pharaoh, because she was the daughter of Noah, because she was the son of Pharaoh.
21: 11 And David went down in Egypt, because he was not in the house of David, but with his father, and in him, and in the midst of him, the LORD was born, and the men of the tribe of Israel rose up, and said unto him, I pray thee, I pray thee, I pray thee, I pray thee, I will send thee, and I will come unto thee, even unto my land.
22: 11 And he said to him, "Behold, Pharaoh, what is your name?" He said, "What is your name?" He said, "Do not be with me." And he said to you, "I will not return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
23:11 And the LORD rose up to him, saying, Lo, he is the captain of the tribe, and he is the son of Eliad, but as a man, he is a man, and he is afraid of the evil of the LORD, and of his wickedness.
24:11 And he came upon him, and the men were gone, and there was a serpent, a lion, and a lion in the midst of the sea, and their blood was burned down, and he came to him, and the blood of him was quiet, and he dwelt in his midst, and he was full of him in the midst of his breast.
25: 11 And there was a pestilence, the Israelites, all the men of Israel, who had destroyed it, and the evil, that is, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel;
26: 11 And Rabbeam the son of Nebath, the son of Ephrath, came out of Mezerzadah, and his mother, his mother, was a young woman, but her wife was not a widow, but she was a widow, because she was not her husband, and her children were born in the midst of you.
27: 11 And this is the commandment, which is as it is, that the LORD hath given it to thee, that it is not in him: but he hath taken the money, and he hath taken away the sword of the fire;
28: 11 And the serpent was full of them; and the mighty man rebuked him. And he saw the whole thing, that he had done it, that he did not do it, that he did not eat it, but he did not eat it, and he gave up his food to all the people.
29: 11 ֽihi֙ Ba֣t Hh֔ia and Iֽrba֖m Itz֣a Mirosl֑m and Imtz֣a At֡o Ahih֩ Hsiln֨i Hnb֜ia Bd֗rc and H֤oa Mtcsh֙ Bslm֣h Hds֔h and Snih֥m Lbd֖m Bsdֽh:
30: 11 Itf֣s Ahi֔h Bslm֥h Hhds֖h As֣r Al֑io and I֨kra֔h Sn֥im As֖r Kraֽim:
31: 11 I֙amr֙ Liֽrba֔m Kh-lc֖ Asr֣h Kra֑im C֣i Ch֩ Am֨r Iho֜h Alh֣i Isra֗l Hnn֨i Kr֤a At-hmmlch֙ Mi֣d Slm֔h and Ntt֣i Lc֔ A֖t Asr֥h Hsbtֽim:
32: 11 And the one who is with him is the one who is with him, and he is the son of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds.
33: 11 I֣an | As֣r Azb֗oni and Iֽsthoo֮ Lastrt֮ Alh֣i Tzֽdnin֒ Lcmos֙ Alh֣i Moa֔b and Lmlc֖m Alh֣i Bnֽi-am֑on and Lֽa-hlc֣o Bdrc֗i Las֨ot His֧r Bain֛i and Hkt֥i and Msft֖i Cdo֥d Abֽio:
34: 11 Lֽa-ak֥h At-cl-hmmlc֖h Mid֑o C֣i | Ns֣ia Ast֗no C֚l Im֣i Hi֔io Lm֨an Do֤d Abdi֙ As֣r Bh֣rti At֔o As֥r Sm֖r Mtzoֺt֥i and Hktֽi:
35: 11 And thou shalt take the kingdom of kings, and it shall be his inheritance, and I will give it to thee: for thou hast done the work of the servants of the captives.
36: 11 And the sons of the tribe of Judah were numbered among them, and the tribe of the tribe of Mehdon was still in the midst of the wilderness, and the people of the land were near to Me, and they were in the midst of me, even in the midst of the children, before me, in the midst of the fire, and in the midst of them.
37:11 And you, I have taken you, and I have gone to the house of the king, which you have given to your soul, and you have been turned away from the people of Israel.
38: 11 Hi֗h Am-tsma֮ At-cl-as֣r Atzoc֒ and Hlct֣ Bdrc֗i and As֨it His֤r Baini֙ Lsm֤or Hkoti֙ and Mtzoֺt֔i Cas֥r As֖h Do֣d Abd֑i and Hi֣iti Am֗c and Bn֨iti Lc֤ Bֽit-namn֙ Cas֣r Bn֣iti Ldo֔d and Ntt֥i Lc֖ At-israֽl:
39: 11 And I will bring you to the house of the Lord of the heavens, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
40:11 And Jacob called upon Solomon to bring Jeroboam to them: and he rose up, and rebuked them, and he rebuked Egypt, and brought them to Mesopotamia, and brought them into Mizoram, and they were in Mizraham, even after they had been destroyed.
41: 11 And he said unto him, Speak unto me, that thou art full, and all that hath done it, and the wisdom of his wickedness: behold, they shall not be humbled: ye shall repent unto them, and they shall not be broken: but they shall not be destroyed.
42:11 And the men that were numbered of them, that were born in Jerusalem, were destroyed, and they were not over all the people of Israel, but four hundred were their number.
43: 11 And he dwelt in peace with him, and with his father, he was with him, and he was in the midst of the fire of the fire of his father, and his father, and his son, his son, and his sons;
‪xxxx  Chapter 12   (33 verses)‬
1: 12 And they went to Rehoboam, because they had forgotten them, because they had forgotten them, but all the men of Israel came to destroy you.
2: 12 And it came to pass, that when the people of Israel were born, the children of the tribe of Nebuchadneh were born, and they came to the land of Israel, and the land of Israel was as it was, and the land of Israel was there, and the land of Israel was restored to them in the wilderness.
2: 12 And they sent him away, and they cried unto him, and they came, and they came, and brought them forth, and all the children of Israel went astray, and David said unto them, Verily, I am not afraid of them.
4: 12 I am your father, the captain of the tribe of Aulah, and you are the servant of the people, the servant of the servant, the servant of the servant, the servant of the LORD, the servant of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, and of the LORD.
5: 12 And he said unto them, Behold, they have made a covenant with him, and they have turned away from him, and they have turned away from him, and they have turned away to him, and they have come to them.
6: 12 Ioa֞tz Hm֣lc Rhba֗m At-hzknim֙ Asr-hi֣o Amd֗im At-fni֙ Slm֣h Ab֔io Bֽhit֥o H֖i Lam֑r A֚ic At֣m Nֽoatz֔im Lhs֥ib At-hֽam-hz֖h Dbֽr:
7: 12 * spake ** and Idbr֨o [a] [c] Al֜io Lam֗r Am-h֠iom Tֽhih-a֜bd La֤m Hzh֙ and ֽabdt֔m and Anit֕m and Dbrt֥ Alih֖m Dbr֣im Tob֑im and Hi֥o Lc֛ Abd֖im Cl-himֽim:
8: 12 And Boaz took away the young men, the young ones, who gave him strength, and gave him strength to the children, and he gave up the children of the children, and the men of the tribe of Ammon died before him.
9: 12 And he said unto them, I will not give them up, but I will give them up, and I will bring them to the land of Israel, and I will bring them to the land of Israel, and I will bring them to the land of Israel.
10: 12 Idbr֣o Al֗io Hildim֙ As֨r Gdl֣o Ato֮ Lamr֒ Cֽh-tam֣r La֣m Hz֡h Asr֩ Dbr֨o Al֜ic Lam֗r Ab֙ic֙ Hcb֣id At-al֔no and At֖h Hk֣l Mal֑ino C֚h Tdb֣r Alih֔m Kֽtn֥i Ab֖h Mmtn֥i Abֽi:
11: 12 And when my fathers came, I will not lift them up against you, but I will go down with them, and I will be with you, and I will not lift them up, but I will bring them to you, and I will bring them to you, and I will bring them to you, and I will bring them to you.
12: 12 * And his father gave birth to them, and he gave them to them, and all the men of the tribe of Rehoboam were in the house of the three men. As the LORD said unto them, What is the word of the LORD, that they have given unto him, that they may not return?
13:12 And it came to pass, that the woman took her away, and she took her away: and she lifted up the children of the old people, and the women of the children of Israel were afraid of him.
14: 12 Idb֣r Alih֗m Catz֤t Hildim֙ Lam֔r Abi֙ Hcb֣id Aֽt-alc֔m and An֖i As֣if Aֽl-alc֑m Ab֗i Is֤r Atcm֙ Bsot֔im and An֕i Ais֥r Atc֖m Bakrbֽim:
15: 12 Lֽa-sm֥a Hm֖lc Al-ha֑m Cֽi-hit֤h Sbh֙ Ma֣m Iho֔h Lm֜an Hk֣im At-dbr֗o As֨r Db֤r Ihoh֙ Bid֙ Ahi֣h Hsiln֔i Al-irba֖m Bn-nbֽt:
16: 12 I֣ra Cl-isra֗l C֠i Lֽa-sm֣a Hmlc֮ Alihm֒ and Is֣bo Ha֣m At-hm֣lc Db֣r | Lam֡r Mh-lno֩ H֨lk Bdo֜d and Lֽa-nhl֣h Bbn-is֗i Lahl֙ic֙ Isra֔l At֕h Ra֥h Bitc֖ Do֑d and I֥lc Isra֖l Lahlֽio:
17: 12 And the children of Israel, the children of the tribe of Judah, were in the midst of the mountains of Judah; and Jehu, the son of Judah, was full of them;
18: 12 Isl֞h Hm֣lc Rhba֗m At-adrm֙ As֣r Al-hm֔s and Irgm֨o Cl-isra֥l B֛o A֖bn and Im֑t and Hm֣lc Rhba֗m Htamtz֙ Lal֣ot Bmrcb֔h Ln֖os Iroslֽm:
19: 12 And Israel went up in the midst of the house of David;
20: 12 Ih֞i Csm֤a Cl-isral֙ Cֽi-s֣b Irba֔m and ֽislh֗o and Ikra֤o Ato֙ Al-h֣ad֔h and Iml֥ico At֖o Al-cl-isra֑l L֤a Hih֙ Ahr֣i Bit-do֔d Zolt֥i Sֽbt-ihod֖h Lbdֽo:
21: 12 * and ** came and Ib֣a Rhbam֮ Iroslm֒ and Ikhl֩ At-cl-b֨it Ihod֜h and At-s֣bt Bnim֗n Ma֨h and Smn֥im A֛lf Bh֖or As֣h Mlhm֑h Lhlhm֙ Am-b֣it Isra֔l Lhsib֙ At-hmloc֔h Lrhba֖m Bn-slmֽh: P.
22: 12 And there was a voice of David, saying, God is the God of the people of Israel, that the man of God is not a believer.
23: 12 Amor the son of Rahba, the son of Solomon, who is the son of Jehuda, the son of Judah, and all the sons of Jehudah, son of Judah, and sons of Benjamin; and the remnant of the land is Lamar. [C]
24: 12 C֣h Am֣r Iho֡h Lֽa-talo֩ and La-tl֨hm֜on Am-ahic֣m Bnֽi-isra֗l S֚obo A֣is Lbit֔o C֧i Mat֛i Nhi֖h Hdb֣r Hz֑h and Ismao֙ At-db֣r Iho֔h and Is֥bo Ll֖ct Cdb֥r Ihoֽh: S.
25: 12 And the son of Jeroboam sleweth them in the house of Ephrath. And he that was with them returned to them, and they came out of their midst, and they built the son of Penao.
26: 12 And the LORD said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be satisfied with him; but thou shalt not be satisfied with the kingdom of God;
27: 12 Aֽm-ial֣h | Ha֣m Hz֗h Las֨ot Zbh֤im Bbit-ihoh֙ Bir֣osl֔m and ֠sb L֣b Ha֤m Hzh֙ Al-ad֣nih֔m Al-rhba֖m M֣lc Ihod֑h and Hrg֕ni and S֖bo Al-rhba֥m Mֽlc-ihodֽh:
28: 12 Ioa֣tz Hm֔lc and I֕as Sn֖i Agl֣i Zh֑b and I֣amr Alh֗m Rb-lcm֙ Mal֣ot Irosl֔m Hn֤h Alh֙ic֙ Isra֔l As֥r Hal֖oc Ma֥rtz Mtzrֽim:
29: 12 And it came to pass, that he put the other man in the house of the children of Israel, and the other men, that they were in their midst.
30: 12 And it came to pass, that the son of David came to the house of Zechariah to fight against him, and he came to him, and he turned to them, and he turned to them.
31:12 And he made the house of the children of Bamoth, and it was done to them, that is, the sons of the children, and the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel.
32: 12 I֣as Irba֣m | H֡g Bh֣ds Hsmin֣i Bhmsֽh-asr֩ I֨om | Lh֜ds Ch֣g | As֣r Bihod֗h and I֙al֙ Al-hmzb֔h C֤n Ash֙ Bbֽit-a֔l Lzb֖h Lagl֣im Asr-as֑h and Hamid֙ Bb֣it A֔l At-chn֥i Hbm֖ot As֥r Asֽh:
33: 12 I֜al Aֽl-hmzb֣h | Asr-as֣h Bbֽit-a֗l Bhms֨h As֥r Iom֙ Bh֣ds Hsmin֔i Bh֖ds Asr-bd֣a * except ** Mlb֑o and I֤as Hg֙ Lbn֣i Isra֔l and I֥al Al-hmzb֖h Lhktֽir: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 13   (34 verses)‬
1: 13 And there was a woman, the woman of God, who was in the house of the LORD, the LORD, the son of David, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, and the LORD of the children of Israel;
2: 13 Ikr֤a Al-hmzb֙h֙ Bdb֣r Iho֔h and I֙amr֙ Mzb֣h Mzb֔h C֖h Am֣r Iho֑h Hnֽh-b֞n Nol֤d Lbit-dod֙ Iasi֣ho Sm֔o and Zb֣h Al֗ic At-chn֤i Hbmot֙ Hmktr֣im Al֔ic and Atzm֥ot Ad֖m Isrf֥o Alֽic:
3:13 And it was given to him that he had given birth to the LORD, and he had given up the name of the LORD, and he had given it to him, so that he had given up his name to the LORD, and the LORD had given it to him, and the LORD had given it to him.
4: 13 Ihi֩ Csm֨a Hm֜lc At-db֣r Ais-halh֗im As֨r Kr֤a Al-hmzb֙h֙ Bbֽit-a֔l and Isl֨h Irba֧m At-id֛o Ma֥l Hmzb֖h Lam֣r | Tfs֑ho and Tib֤s Ido֙ As֣r Sl֣h Al֔io and L֥a Ic֖l Lhsib֥h Alֽio:
5:13 And the inheritance shall come to pass, and the young man shall bring thee out of the land of the altar, as in the furnace of the furnace, wherewith the trees of the LORD shall be found, because the LORD is the God of the LORD;
6: 13 I֨an Hm֜lc and I֣amr | Al-a֣is Halh֗im Hl-n֞a At-fn֨i Iho֤h Alh֙ic֙ and Htfl֣l Bad֔i and Ts֥b Id֖i Al֑i and Ih֤l Ais-hֽalhim֙ At-fn֣i Iho֔h and T֤sb Id-hm֙lc֙ Al֔io and Th֖i Cbrֽasnֽh:
7: 13 And the king said to the man, "Come, let the man of God come, and he will not come with him." Behold, I will come to you, and I will go to her, and you shall give her to you.
8:13 And the man said unto the God, Go down unto me, I will go with thee, thou shalt give me thy hand; thou shalt not give me thy house; neither shall thy father be with thee, nor shall I be the son of the king, nor the son of David, nor the son of David; neither shall I bring the woman of the land.
9:13 So, so, so, in the midst of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, is not the LORD, nor the servant of the LORD, neither of them, nor of the flesh, nor of the flesh; nor of the flesh, nor of the flesh, nor of the flesh, nor of the flesh.
10: 13 And I will walk in thy way, and I will rejoice, and I will not go down in the land of thy land.
11: 13 Nb֤ia Ahd֙ Zk֔n Is֖b Bbֽit-a֑l and Ib֣oa Bn֡o and Isfr-l֣o At-cl-hmas֣h Asr-ash֩ Ais-halh֨im | Hi֜om Bbֽit-a֗l At-hdbrim֙ As֣r Db֣r Al-hm֔lc and ֽisfr֖om Labihֽm:
12: 13 And David spoke unto them, and said unto them, Behold, I am not worthy of thee, and I will see thee, and I will see thee, and I will see the children of the children, and I will bring thee down;
13:13 13 And he said, "Behold, the son of his son shall not be ashamed; for he shall be warm, and shall bear his kindness, and he shall be warm, and he shall bless his children."
14:13 And he went after the other men, because the man of the God was found, and he was not found, because he was ashamed of him, because he was afraid of God. And he said to him, "Behold, I am the man of God, who is with you, who is with you, who is with you?" He said, "Oh, my lord!" And he said, "I am not worthy."
15: 13 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go; thou shalt surely bring forth bread, and eat it with bread.
16: 13 And he said unto him, Behold, I have no strength; for thou hast dealt with him, and the heart is with thee, and thou art not with me, neither is it any more, nor is it a burden unto them, and it is not your wife, nor thy wife, that thou art wicked in them;
17: 13 When the LORD said unto me, I pray thee, I pray thee, O LORD, I pray thee, thou shalt not eat bread, neither shall I give them bread, nor drink it;
18: 13 I֣amr L֗o Gm-an֣i Nbia֮ Cmoc֒ and Mla֡c Db֣r Ali֩ Bdb֨r Iho֜h Lam֗r Hsb֤ho Atc֙ Al-bit֔c and I֥acl L֖hm and I֣st M֑im Ch֖s Lֽo:
19:13 And it was he who restored him, and was able to eat bread at the house of his children, and he was the wife of them.
20:13 And they came to them, and they returned to the house of the Chaldeans, and they were there, and the people of Israel said to them, 'Do not speak to me.'
21: 13 Ikr֞a Al-a֣is Halh֗im Asr-b֤a Mֽihodh֙ Lam֔r C֖h Am֣r Iho֑h I֗an C֤i Mr֙it֙ F֣i Iho֔h and L֤a Sm֙rt֙ At-hmtzo֔h As֥r Tzoc֖ Iho֥h Alhֽic:
22: 13 T֗sb and T֤acl L֙hm֙ and T֣st M֔im Bmkom֙ As֣r Db֣r Al֔ic Al-t֥acl L֖hm and Al-t֣st M֑im Lֽa-tb֥oa Nbltc֖ Al-k֥br Abtֽic:
23: 13 And there was another man after him, who ate his bread with bread, and after that his servants went to him, and he gave him bread, and he gave him bread, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him.
24: 13 I֕lc and Imtza֧ho Ari֛h Bd֖rc and Imit֑ho and Th֤i Nblto֙ Msl֣ct Bd֔rc and Hhmor֙ Am֣d Atzl֔h and H֣ari֔h Am֖d A֥tzl Hnblֽh:
25: 13 Hn֧h Ans֣im Abr֗im and Ira֤o At-hnblh֙ Msl֣ct Bd֔rc and At-h֣ari֔h Am֖d A֣tzl Hnbl֑h and Ib֙ao֙ and Idbr֣o Ba֔ir As֛r Hnb֥ia Hzk֖n Is֥b Bֽh:
26: 13 Ism֣a Hnbia֮ As֣r Hsib֣o Mn-hdrc֒ and I֙amr֙ A֣is Halh֣im H֔oa As֥r Mr֖h At-f֣i Iho֑h and Itn֨ho Iho֜h Lari֗h and ֽisbr֙ho֙ and Imt֔ho Cdb֥r Iho֖h As֥r Dbr-lֽo:
27: 13 And he spoke unto his sons, saying, Behold, they have been ashamed; they have not taken the heat of the heat, and they have loved it.
28: 13 I֗lc and Imtz֤a At-nblto֙ Msl֣ct Bd֔rc and ֽhmor֙ and H֣ari֔h Amd֖im A֣tzl Hnbl֑h Lֽa-ac֤l Hֽarih֙ At-hnbl֔h and L֥a Sb֖r Aֽt-hhmֽor:
29:13 13 And the prophet, the son of God, brought him up, and brought him down, and he brought him back to him, and he turned him down, and brought him back to the city, and the son of the son of Zechariah came to him, and he gave him up, and went to his house.
30: 13 And they took the plague away from him, and he came to him in his grave, and he put his hand on him;
31: 13 Ihi֮ Ahr֣i Kbr֣o Ato֒ and I֤amr Al-bnio֙ Lam֔r Bmoti֙ and Kbrt֣m At֔i Bk֕br As֛r A֥is Halh֖im Kb֣or B֑o A֚tzl Atzmt֔io Hn֖iho At-atzmtֽi:
32: 13 For, behold, he is the LORD, the LORD is the Lord, the Lord is the Lord, the Lord is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, and the Son of God.
33: 13 Ahr֙ Hdb֣r Hz֔h Lֽa-s֥b Irba֖m Mdrc֣o Hra֑h and ֠isb and I֜as Mktz֤ot Ham֙ Chn֣i Bm֔ot Hֽhftz֙ Iml֣a At-id֔o and Ih֖i Chn֥i Bmֽot:
34: 13 And it was in the heart of the children of this land, that they had sinned, that the LORD had given them up to them, and that they had not come down to them, and that they had not come to the land of the land of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 14   (31 verses)‬
1: 14 Now, behold, this is the beginning of the Father, the Father, the Son of Jeroboam.
2: 14 I֨amr Irba֜m Last֗o K֤omi Na֙ and Hstn֔it and L֣a Iֽda֔o Ci- * me ** A֖t A֣st Irba֑m and Hl֣ct Sl֗h Hnh-sm֙ Ahi֣h Hnb֔ia Hֽoa-db֥r Al֛i Lm֖lc Al-ha֥m Hzֽh:
3: 14 And you shall be in the hands of thy hand, and they shall be gathered together; and they shall be sanctified, and they shall be gathered together, and they shall be gathered together, and they shall be gathered together, and they shall not be afraid;
4:14 And it was done, so that the wife of Jeroboam rose up, and she rose up, and her daughter came to her, and she gave birth to her, and she came to her: and she and his brother were with him, so that they could not see it, because they were not with their eyes, but they were in captivity.
5: 14 Iho֞h Am֣r Al-ahi֗ho Hn֣h A֣st Irba֡m Ba֣h Ldrs֩ Db֨r Mamc֤ Al-bnh֙ Cֽi-hl֣h H֔oa Cz֥h and Cz֖h Tdb֣r Al֑ih and Ih֣i Cba֔h and H֖ia Mtncrֽh:
6: 14 Ihi֩ Csm֨a Ahi֜ho At-k֤ol Rgl֙ih֙ Ba֣h Bf֔th and I֕amr B֖ai A֣st Irba֑m L֣mh Z֗h A֚t Mtncr֔h and A֣nc֔i Sl֥oh Al֖ic Ksֽh:
7:14 So, say to me, I am not afraid of you, but the LORD is the LORD, the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD.
8: 14 and Akr֤a At-hmmlch֙ Mb֣it Do֔d and Atn֖h L֑c and Lֽa-hi֜it Cabd֣i Do֗d Asr֩ Sm֨r Mtzoֺt֜i and Asr-hl֤c Ahri֙ Bcl-lbb֔o Las֕ot R֖k His֥r Bainֽi:
9: 14 And you shall not do any of the things that are in your hands before your face, and your work is done to you, and God will make you happy, and I will make you happy, and I will be able to make you angry with me, and I will come after you, and I will follow you after my death.
10: 14 Lc֗n Hnn֨i Mb֤ia Rah֙ Al-b֣it Irba֔m and Hcrt֤i Liֽrbam֙ Mst֣in Bk֔ir Atz֥or and Az֖ob Bisra֑l and Bֽarti֙ Ahr֣i Bit-irba֔m Cas֛r Iba֥r Hgl֖l Ad-tmֽo:
11: 14 He said to him, "What is it that you have done to me?" He said to him, "Do not be angry with me." The LORD said to him, "Behold, the LORD is the LORD, the Lord, the Son of God."
12: 14 And I will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
13: 14 Sֽfdo-l֤o Cl-isral֙ and Kbr֣o At֔o Cֽi-z֣h Lbd֔o Ib֥a Lirba֖m Al-k֑br I֣an Nmtza-b֞o Db֣r T֗ob Al-iho֛h Alh֥i Isra֖l Bb֥it Irbaֽm:
14: 14 And the LORD commanded him, O LORD, that he might go down into the land of Israel, but as a woman, he would not lift up the house of the LORD, but he would be hungry, and he would not be angry with them.
15: 14 Hc֨h Iho֜h At-isra֗l Cas֨r In֣od Hknh֮ Bmim֒ and Nt֣s At-isra֗l M֠al Hadm֨h Htob֤h Hzat֙ As֤r Ntn֙ Lab֣otih֔m and Zr֖m Ma֣br Lnh֑r I֗an As֤r Aso֙ At-as֣rih֔m Mcais֖im At-ihoֽh:
16: 14 And you shall bring the Israelites into the midst of the sin of the LORD: the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and he is the LORD, and he is the son of the LORD.
17: 14 And you shall rise up again, and you shall be satisfied with them, and they will come to you, and you shall not be afraid; they shall be pleased with you; they are coming in with kindness, and you shall not be afraid.
18:14 And he came to him, and gathered him, and theyptered him, all the men of Israel, saying, As the LORD hath said, I am going down to the house of David, and he shall be buried in the hand of his servant, his brethren, and his father, the prophet;
19:14 And the rest of the people of the wilderness spoke to me, saying, "I am the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Most High, the Most High."
20: 14 And the waters shall be ashes, and the earth shall be filled with rain, and there shall be no rain, and it shall be filled with water, and it shall be put to rest with its father, and it shall be full of you.
21: 14 Rhbam֙ Bn-slm֔h Ml֖c Bֽihod֑h Bn-arba֣im and Ah֣t Snh֩ Rhba֨m Bmlc֜o and ֽsb֨a Asr֥h Sn֣h | Ml֣c Birosl֗m H֠air Asr-bh֨r Iho֜h Ls֨om At-sm֥o Sm֙ Mcl֙ Sbt֣i Isra֔l and S֣m Am֔o Nam֖h Hamnֽit:
22:14 And Jehoash, the son of Jehuda, was afraid of the LORD, and he was jealous of him, and he was jealous of him, and he said to him, 'Do not worry, I will kill you, and I will kill you, and I will kill you.'
23: 14 And they understood that they were in their midst, and that they were in the wilderness, and they stood in the midst of the mountains, and they were all in the midst of all their captivity, and they were very angry with them.
24: 14 And he was very holy, and he was in the midst of the house, and he did so, as it was all the people of the house, and the people of the house of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD,
25: 14 And it came to pass, that it was the fifth day of the fifth day, that it was not for thee, that it was upon them, that it was not for them, but for them that were made by the children of the children of Israel.
26:14 And he took the king away from the house of the LORD, and brought him to the house of the LORD, and he brought the king away, and took the king away, and took away all the shields of this land, and he returned to the land of Israel, and he did as he had done unto her.
27: 14 And the people of the tribe of Rehoboam went to Thathatham, where they were gathered, and they were destroyed, and they were defeated, and they were scattered over the hand of the LORD, so that the people of Israel were destroyed, and that they were destroyed, and that they were destroyed, and the people were there.
28: 14 And it came to pass, that it was from Me, but it came to you that the LORD was coming, but the LORD had given it to them, but they were afraid, and they returned to the land, but they were not eager.
29: 14 And it came to pass, that the word of the LORD was spoken to them, and that all the men of Israel had done it, and they did not die, as they had written unto the people of Sosaphaph, saying, The days are coming to Melech, Yahweh,
30:14 And they fought against it, they were among the people of Rahba, and they were not satisfied with all the nations.
31:14 And he dwelt with Rehoboam with his father, and he was with his fathers, and he was in the house of the father of David, and his name was Amam, because his people were the Ammonites, and their fathers were with you, because they were in his house, and they were under his control.
‪xxxx  Chapter 15   (34 verses)‬
1:15 And in the seventh month of Shemson, the tenth day of the ninth month of the year, the son of Nabath came to you, because your fathers were not with them, because they were against Yahweh.
2: 15 And there were two saints, and they were not born in Jerusalem, but their name was because of their mother, because of them the daughter of Abishl was unclean.
3:15 And he went through all the sins of his father, because he did not do anything to his face, and he did not turn away from him, because he was with him, and his father was with him, and his God was with him.
4: 15 So that the people of the land of Israel were brought forth, so that the LORD gave them the gift of the LORD, the LORD, the God of the Jews, and the people of Jerusalem, and the people of Birusshel, and not the children of Israel, but the sons of Israel, and the sons of Israel;
5:15 When he did that, he did not see the Lord, but he saw the eyes of the LORD, and he was not afraid of him, because he had commanded him, that he commanded him, and that he had commanded him, that he might die, and that his life would be with him, so that he might return to the land of Urias.
6:15 And they fought against it; they were in the midst of the wind, and they were not hungry, but all the people were alive.
7: 15 and I֨tr Dbr֤i Abim֙ and Cl-as֣r As֔h Hlֽoa-h֣m Ctob֗im Al-s֛fr Dbr֥i Him֖im Lmlc֣i Ihod֑h and Mlhm֥h Hit֛h B֥in Abi֖m and B֥in Irbaֽm:
8: 15 And their fathers dwelt with their fathers, and they were gathered together, and they were gathered together, and in the fire of the fire, and in the midst of the fire, and in the midst of them,
9: 15 And in the ninth year of the ninth month of Jerba, the king of Israel went out, saying, "Where are you, Esau?" He said, "Your Lord is the LORD!"
10: 15 And four hundred, and seven hundred, that are numbered of them, are they not in the inheritance of their children, and that their mother hath made them, because of him the daughter of the father of Abish,
11: 15 And when Moses, the father of the Levites, saw the eyes of the LORD, the LORD was with him, as though his father was with him.
12: 15 And the people of the sanctuary were afraid of the land, and the people of all the generations were turned away, but they did not do as they had done.
13: 15 And it was a sign of the people of Israel; and it was revealed to them that the people of Gambir, who had done so, were afraid of them, and that they were afraid of them, and they were afraid of them, and they did not turn away from them, and they were ashamed of them.
14: 15 And the sons of the sons of Israel were not afraid of the LORD, but the father of Esau was the one that was with them, with the LORD his God, all his days.
15:15 And he came to the holy place, and his father, and his sanctuary, and sanctified him, and the LORD came to him, so that he might be gathered, and he was full, and they were full.
16: 15 And the war was with them, that they were not, but they were not married, and they were not in the land of Israel, but they were in the midst of all Israel.
17: 15 And Baal, the servant of Israel, murmured against Judah, and he rebuked the LORD, and he was afraid of him, and he was afraid of him, and he came to Esau, because he was not in Judah.
18: 15 Ik֣h A֠sa At-cl-hc֨sf and Hzh֜b Hֽnotr֣im | Baotzr֣ot Bit-iho֗h and At-aֽotzrot֙ B֣it * ** king Hm֔lc and ֽitn֖m Bid-abd֑io and Islh֞m Hm֣lc As֗a Al-bn-h֠dd Bn-tbrm֤n Bn-hzion֙ M֣lc Ar֔m His֥b Bdm֖sk Lamֽr:
19: 15 Brit֙ Bin֣i and Bin֔c B֥in Ab֖i and B֣in Ab֑ic Hnh֩ Sl֨htֽi Lc֥ S֙hd֙ C֣sf and Zh֔b L֣c Hf֗rh At-brֽitc֙ At-bas֣a Mֽlc-isra֔l and Ial֖h Malֽi:
20: 15 Ism֨a Bn-hd֜d Al-hm֣lc As֗a and ֠islh At-sr֨i Hhil֤im Asr-lo֙ Al-ar֣i Isra֔l and Ic֙ At-ai֣on and At-d֔n and A֖t Ab֣l Bֽit-mac֑h and At֙ Cl-cnr֔ot A֖l Cl-a֥rtz Nftlֽi:
21: 15 And it shall be, when it was done, that in the midst of that which was done, and it shall not be taken away from the children, but it shall be taken to the ground, and it shall be returned to the land of Tirzah.
22: 15 Hm֨lc As֜a Hsm֤ia At-cl-ihodh֙ A֣in Nk֔i and Isa֞o At-abn֤i Hֽrmh֙ and At-atz֔ih As֥r Bn֖h Bas֑a and I֤bn Bm֙ Hm֣lc As֔a At-g֥ba Bnim֖n and At-hmtzfֽh:
23: 15 I֣tr Cl-dbrֽi-a֠sa and Cl-gb֨ort֜o and Cl-as֣r As֗h and Hֽarim֙ As֣r Bn֔h Hlֽa-h֣mh Ctob֗im Al-s֛fr Dbr֥i Him֖im Lmlc֣i Ihod֑h R֚k La֣t Zknt֔o Hl֖h At-rglֽio:
24: 15 And he dwelt with Asa with his father, and he was with him, and he was with his father, and he was with him in the fire of his father, and his father was with him, and the LORD was with him, and his son was with him.
25: 15 And the son of Jeroboam said to them, "Do not go up to Israel in the middle of the six days of your life, because you are not worthy of Yahweh, and you shall go to Israel because of the time you have spent."
26: 15 And he did that which was in the mind of the LORD, and he gave thee strength in the way of his father, and his father, and in the midst of his wickedness, he made him captive, and he hid the people of Israel.
27: 15 And the son of Asher, the son of his brethren, was married to him; he was a son of his brethren, and he was a son of his father, a woman of valor, and her father was in the land of Bashan, but she was not in the midst of them, but as a woman, she turned away from them, and turned away from them. And all the children of Israel were in trouble;
28: 15 And he caused him to die in the midst of his labor, but in the year of his death, he was ashamed of his throne, because he was with you, Yahweh, and he was full of you.
29: 15 Ih֣i Cmlc֗o Hch֙ At-cl-b֣it Irba֔m Lֽa-hsa֧ir Cl-nsm֛h Lirba֖m Ad-hsmd֑o Cdb֣r Iho֔h As֣r Db֔r Bid-abd֖o Ahi֥h Hsilnֽi:
30: 15 For the sin of the LORD hath been given to the LORD, but he is not the son of Hatha, nor the wife of Hatham; he hath brought the people of Israel into the midst of his anger, but as a woman, he hath cursed the LORD, and he is the God of Israel, and he is the LORD of Israel.
31: 15 And the word of the word was spoken, And it was done, and all things were done, and they were not, as they were written unto the scepter, and they spoke to the men, saying, "They are not worthy of kings."
32: 15 And the war was with them, that they were not, but they were not, and they were not in the land of Esau, but they were not in the house of Israel; they were all over them.
33: 15 In the second year of his life, Moses became the king of Judah, the son of Judah, the son of Ahijah, the son of Ahijah, the daughter of all Israel, who was in the midst of her nine generations, and her people were many.
34: 15 And he did that which was in the mind of the LORD, and he gave it to you in the way of the LORD, and he gave it to him, and it came to him in the midst of his wickedness, and as for the people of Hathath, he brought up the people of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 16   (34 verses)‬
And the LORD spoke to me, saying, "Behold, I am not a son of Hanan, but I am a son of Baasher, a servant of Amor."
2: 16 I֗an As֤r Hrimt֙ic֙ Mn-h֣af֔r and Atnc֣ Ng֔id A֖l Am֣i Isra֑l and T֣lc | Bd֣rc Irba֗m and ֽthta֙ At-am֣i Isra֔l Lhcais֖ni Bhtatֽm:
3: 16 He is the son of the son of Nabateh, the son of Nebuchad, the son of Nabath, the son of Nabath, the son of Nabath, the son of Nabath, the son of Nabath, the son of Nabath.
4: 16 What is the thing that is done in the wilderness? It is not in the air, but it is in the heart, and it is in it, and it is in the land, that it may be consumed, and it will not go down to the heavens.
5:16 And he said, "Speak to me, speak to me, and I will do it." And he said, "Do not be angry with me, and do not be afraid."
6: 16 And he dwelt in Asaah with his father, and he came to him, and sat in her presence, and he returned to thee, and to him his sons were under him.
7: 16 G֡m Bid-ih֨oa Bn-hn֜ni Hnb֗ia Dbr-iho֡h Hih֩ Al-bas֨a and Al-bit֜o and A֥l Cl-hra֣h | Asr-as֣h | Bain֣i Iho֗h Lhcaiso֙ Bmas֣h Id֔io Lhi֖ot Cb֣it Irba֑m and A֥l Asr-hc֖h Atֽo: P.
8:16 In the nineteen nineteen hundred and six, there was a time for Esau, because of the commandment of Yahweh, because the son of Labash, the son of Ba'asham, was not on Israel, but in Tirzah, they were the ones that had been destroyed.
9: 16 And his master was over him, and he was his servant, and he remembered him, and he went out of the house of the king, and he went out to the house of the king, and he went to the house of the king, and he went to the house of Mordecai.
10: 16 And Zippori came to him, and he brought him down, and killed him in the midst of the tenth of the tenth month, and it was because he had committed adultery, because of the commandment of Yahweh, and he was full of you, because he was under his command.
11: 16 And he was in the midst of his kingdom, and as he sat upon his throne upon his throne, he smote all the children of the land of Bashan, but he did not turn away from the fire: for he was afraid of them, and they were not in the furnace, and they were afraid of him, and they hated him.
12: 16 And he gave up the name of Zimmer, saying, "All the sons of Labash have died, but as the Lord has given up, the LORD has turned away, and the woman has not turned away from the house of Baasher, but he is not in the house of Yahweh."
13:16 16 All the men of the tribe of Israel have sinned in the land of Laban, and they have sinned against him, because he is not a sinner, because he is a sinner, a sinner, a sinner, and a man who is guilty of idolatry, and who despairs of Israel, to deceive the LORD, and fear God, for he is not worthy of his people.
14: 16 I֛tr Dbr֥i Al֖h and Cl-as֣r As֑h Hlֽoa-h֣m Ctob֗im Al-s֛fr Dbr֥i Him֖im Lmlc֥i Israֽl: P.
15: 16 In the ninth year of the tenth month of Esau, the name of the tribe of Israel was changed to Asa, and the word of the LORD came to you, saying, "Behold, I will return to you seven days, and seven days will pass, and you will be in the midst of it, and the people will be destroyed." "I will not go back to the house of Gathath, but I will return to you."
16: 16 Ism֤a Ham֙ Hhn֣im Lam֔r Ks֣r Zmr֔i and G֖m Hc֣h At-hm֑lc and Iml֣co Cֽl-i֠sral At-amr֨i Sr-tzb֧a Al-isra֛l Bi֥om Hh֖oa Bֽmhnֽh:
17:16 And all the people of Israel went up with him, and went up with him, and turned away from them, and they besieged her.
18: 16 And he said, Behold, I saw the words of my name, so that I might be blessed, that it was light, and that the house of the king came upon you, and that the house of the king went down, and prevailed over you, and brought it to you, and brought it to you, and brought it to you, and came to it, and died.
19: 16 For his sin, his sins, and for his wickedness, he hath done unto the children of Israel, the LORD of Israel, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD.
20:16 And there was a wall of the wilderness of the wilderness, and there was a wilderness of it, and there was a sea of ​​rain, and there was no rain, and there was no rain, and there was no rain, and there was no rain, and there was no rain.
21:16 And he said unto them, Behold, the children of Israel shall be ashamed of the children of Israel, even the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
22: 16 And the people shall be ashamed, and I will be ashamed of them, and I will rejoice after them, and I will rejoice in them, and I will return to you, O son of Israel, to build the land, and build up the land of the sons of Gianna, and it will be built for you, and I will build it. And I will return to you in the name of Amor.
23: 16 In the twelve years of the reign of Solomon, and the second day of the reign of Israel, the Lord of Israel is on your way, because the people of Israel have not passed on to Israel, so that they have committed ten years of war, so that the people of Israel will be victorious, and that there will be six of them.
24: 16 I֜kn At-hh֥r Smr֛on M֥at S֖mr Bccr֣im C֑sf and I֙bn֙ At-hh֔r and Ikr֗a At-s֤m Hair֙ As֣r Bn֔h A֣l Sm-s֔mr Adn֖i Hh֥r Smrֽon:
25: 16 And he did that, saying to him, Behold, I will see the eyes of the LORD, and he will come down from the midst of the furnace, which will be his face.
26: 16 And he went through all the children of the tribe of Jeroboam, the son of Nebuchat, and in his sins, and in the sin of his people, he gave up the heat of the people of Israel, so that he might abominate the LORD, and he was a God, and he was not afraid of him.
27: 16 And he said unto them, Speak unto me, I pray thee, thou shalt not go down, but I will not go down, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee.
28: 16 And Amram the son of Amari dwelt with his father in his house, and dwelt among the children of Samaria, and he went to the house of Ahahabab, his son, to him,
29: 16 Aha֣b Bn-amr֗i Mlc֙ Al-isra֔l Bsn֨t Sls֤im and Smnh֙ Sn֔h Las֖a M֣lc Ihod֑h and ֠imlc Aha֨b Bn-amr֤i Al-isral֙ Bs֣mr֔on Asr֥im and St֖im Snֽh:
And the sons of Amah, the son of Amor, reigned in the midst of the eyes of the LORD, because he was with him, and his wife was with him.
31: 16 Ihi֙ Hnk֣l Lct֔o Bht֖aot Irba֣m Bn-nb֑t and Ik֨h As֜h At-aiz֗bl Bt-atb֙al֙ M֣lc Tzidn֔im and I֙lc֙ and ֽiab֣d At-hb֔al and Ist֖ho Lֽo:
32:16 And he rose up from Mezabah, and he turned away from him, and said to him, I will go down to the house of Ashel, whose son is not in the wilderness of Samaria.
33:16 And it came to pass, that Ahahabab brought the Assyrian woman, and it was not the end of Ahavab, that she did not go out to make a mockery of Yahweh, but God said to him, "Behold, I will go out of the house of the king of Israel, and I will bring it to Israel.
34: 16 Bim֞io Bn֥h Hia֛l B֥it Hal֖i At-irih֑h Babir֨m Bcr֜o Isd֗h * and uplifting ** and Bsg֤ob Tzairo֙ Htz֣ib Dlt֔ih Cdb֣r Iho֔h As֣r Db֔r Bi֖d Ihos֥a Bn-nֽon: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 17   (24 verses)‬
1: 17 and Iamr֩ Ali֨ho Htsb֜i Mtsb֣i Glad֮ Al-ahab֒ Hi-iho֞h Alh֤i Isral֙ As֣r Am֣dti Lfn֔io Am-ihi֛h Hsn֥im Ha֖lh T֣l and Mt֑r C֖i Am-lf֥i Dbrֽi: S.
2: 17 And he said unto him, Speak unto me, O LORD, O God, let him be faithful.
3:17 Behold, this is your face, and your face is with you; it is cold, and the earth is strong, and it is in the midst of the earth, as it is in the earth, and as the earth is shining upon the face of the earth, the earth is low.
4:17 And it came to pass, that it was from thee, that thou shalt drink it, and the land, and I commanded thee, that I might make thee king;
5:17 And he went on, and did what the Lord commanded, and the LORD was with thee, and he returned, and he returned to the house, and he began to flee, as if he were lying on the face of the face of the LORD.
6: 17 And the men of the mountains, they brought him to the house of the LORD, and the flesh of the son was cold, and their bread was hot, and the rain was heavy, and the wine-offering was consumed by it.
7:17 And he came to the house of the king of the sea, and the children of Israel came to the house, so that the people of Israel were not there;
8: 17 And he said unto him, Speak unto me, O LORD, O God, let him be faithful.
9: 17 And when the people of Israel came to Zion, they came to Zion, and they returned to the land of Israel, and they dwelt among them, because they were there;
10: 17 I֣km | and I֣lc Tzrf֗th and Iba֙ Al-f֣th Ha֔ir and Hnֽh-s֛m As֥h Almn֖h Mks֣st Atz֑im and Ikr֤a Al֙ih֙ and Iam֔r Khi-n֨a L֧i Mat-m֛im Bcl֖i and Astֽh:
11: 17 And thou shalt go down to the house of the LORD, and he shall be called unto the LORD, and he shall be called, and he shall be faithful.
12: 17 T֗amr Hi-iho֤h Alh֙ic֙ Am-is-l֣i Ma֔og C֣i Am-ml֤a Cf-k֙mh֙ Bc֔d and Mat-s֖mn Btzf֑ht and Hnn֨i Mks֜st Sn֣im Atz֗im and B֙ati֙ and Asit֙iho֙ L֣i and Lbn֔i and Acln֖ho and Mֽtno:
13: 17 I֨amr Al֤ih Ali֙ho֙ Al-t֣ira֔i B֖ai As֣i Cdbr֑c A֣c Asi-l֣i M֠sm Ag֨h Ktn֤h Brasnh֙ and Hotz֣at [1] L֔i and L֣c and Lbn֔c Tas֖i Bahrnֽh: S.
14: 17 C֣i Ch֩ Am֨r Iho֜h Alh֣i Isra֗l C֤d Hk֙mh֙ L֣a Tcl֔h and Tzf֥ht Hs֖mn L֣a Ths֑r A֠d I֧om * Ttn- ** Tt-iho֛h G֖sm Al-fn֥i Hadmֽh:
15: 17 And thou shalt do it, and do it unto me, as thou hast said unto me, I will make thee miserable, and thou shalt eat. * And she, behold, she is the daughter of the LORD, and she is the daughter of the LORD.
16: 17 כּ֤ד הַּד הקקּ֙מ֙מ֙ה ל֣ה֣א כל֔ה֔ה֔ה֔ה וה וה וה:ה פה ל֣ת הַא כה֖ה֖ה֖ה ל֣ת הַא וה֖ה֖ה֖ה ל֣ה֖אןמןן לה֖ם הָת הַּא הַר֖ם ה֖שּ֖א֖ר֖ן הָת הַּא֖ר֖ם ה֖ת הַרֽת כם הָת אּא֖ר֖ה אללֽאֽהוּה אלאללֽאֽהוּה פ
17: 17 And there was another man, the son of Heshon, the son of Hashash, the son of Hashash, the son of Ahasheth: and he was with him, and he was with him, and he was not with him, and he was with him, and he was not with him, but he was not with him, nor with his wife, nor with his wife.
18:17 And they said unto him, Come unto me, I pray thee, thou shalt not go, for I am the God of God, and I am not with thee;
19:17 And he said unto him, Behold, thou art great, and thou shalt take away thy son; and he shall take him away from him, and behold him, and go up to him, and go down to the house of the people of Israel, wherewith he is, and he shall be ashamed of them, and he shall lie down to him with his rod.
20:17 And he cried unto the LORD, O LORD, and he believed, O LORD, O God, O God, I am the one who is angry with the man, who is with me, that I will not be angry with her, because she has caused evil to destroy her son.
21:17 And he will judge the children of the children of the tribe of Israel, that they have committed a great deal of time, and will be called to God, the LORD, and the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the God of Israel, and the people of Israel, the people of Israel and the people of Israel.
22:17 And the LORD, the LORD, came to him, saying, Behold, I am with him, and I will return to him, and I will return to the house of the LORD, and he will be with him.
23:17 And the LORD took him away, and brought him down, and brought him down from the house of the children, because he had brought him home, and they gave him to him, to his mother, and he said to him, Come, I pray thee, and I will see thee, and see me, behold, my son, your son.
24:17 And he said, "Behold, I am a woman, I pray thee, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my Father, my God, my God, my Father, my Father, my Father, my Father, and my Father."
‪xxxx  Chapter 18   (46 verses)‬
1: 18 And there was a day, many times, and the LORD spoke to him, saying, "Behold, I pray thee, O God, I pray thee, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the God, the God of Israel, and the people of Israel."
2: 18 And I will come to you, and I will bring you up to him, and I will see you, I will come to you, and I will go down to the house of the sheep,
3:18 And he came to the house of Yahweh, unto the servants of his servants: as for the father of the fathers, and for the servants of him, behold, he was the one who saw the LORD, and he took away from them.
4:18 And it came to pass, in the midst of the land, that the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of Judah were brought up, and the people of the land of Israel were destroyed, and their land was destroyed, and their land was destroyed, and they were destroyed.
5: 18 I֤amr Ahab֙ Al-a֣bdi֔ho L֤c Ba֙rtz֙ Al-cl-main֣i Hm֔im and A֖l Cl-hnhl֑im Aol֣i | Nmtz֣a Htz֗ir and Nhih֙ S֣os and F֔rd and L֥oa Ncr֖it Mhbhmֽh:
6: 18 And the king went into the house of the LORD, and he went to the house of the king, and he returned to the house of his brother, and he returned to his house, and he returned to his house.
7:18 And my servants were with him, and they were with him, and they were with him, and they brought him to him, and he brought him to him, and brought him up to him, and he brought him to his house, before him, and said to him, Behold, I am the LORD, O LORD, O LORD!
8: 18 And he said unto him, Behold, I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength to thy lord: for thou art not unto me;
9:18 And he said, "Behold, I am a sinner, because I am with you, because I am your servant.
10: 18 H֣i | LORD Alh֗ic Am-is-g֤oi and Mmlch֙ A֠sr Lֽa-sl֨h Adn֥i Sm֙ Lbksc֔ and Amr֖o A֑in and Hsb֤ia At-hmmlch֙ and At-hg֔oi C֖i L֥a Imtzaֽch:
11: 18 And when thou hast come to me, thou shalt not go down unto thy mother, nor thy lord, but thy neighbor;
12: 18 Hi֞h An֣i | Al֣c Mat֗c and R֨oh Iho֤h | Iֽsac֙ A֚l As֣r Lֽa-ad֔a and B֨ati Lhg֧id Laha֛b and L֥a Iֽmtzac֖ and Hrg֑ni and Abdc֛ Ir֥a At-iho֖h Mnarֽi:
13: 18 Hlֽa-hg֤d Lֽadni֙ A֣t Asr-as֔iti Bhr֣g Aiz֔bl A֖t Nbia֣i Iho֑h and Ahba֩ Mnbia֨i Iho֜h M֣ah A֗is Hms֨im Hms֥im Ais֙ Bmar֔h and Aclcl֖m L֥hm and Mֽim:
14: 18 And when thou hast come, thou shalt not go down, nor thy son, nor thy mother, nor thy neighbor, nor thy neighbor, nor thy neighbor, nor thy neighbor;
15: 18 And Moses said unto him, I pray thee, O LORD, I pray thee, O LORD, I pray thee, O LORD, I pray thee, O LORD, I will give thee strength, and I will return to him, and I will return to him, and I will return to him.
16: 18 And my servants went to him, to bring him down, and to bring him to the house, and to worship him, and he came to thee, and brought him to the house,
17:18 And he was afraid, seeing the words of Ahahab, the people of Elah, and he said unto him, Ahab, thou shalt surely bring him forth, and behold, Zechariah, the son of Zechariah,
18:18 And he said, "Behold, I will not see you, O Israel, because I am not with you, but I am your father, because I will bring you to the house of Zion, the LORD your God, and you will come after me, and the LORD will return to you."
19: 18 At֗h Sl֨h Kb֥tz Al֛i At-cl-isra֖l Al-h֣r Hcrm֑l and At-nbia֨i Hb֜al Arb֧a Ma֣ot and Hms֗im and Nbia֤i Hֽasrh֙ Arb֣a Ma֔ot Acl֖i Slh֥n Aizֽbl:
20:18 And Ahahab, the king of Israel, came into the house of the children of Israel, and he came to meet the Nabeans, and they went to the house of the Carmelites.
21: 18 Ig֨s Ali֜ho Al-cl-ha֗m and I֙amr֙ Ad-mt֞i At֣m Fshim֮ Al-st֣i Hsafim֒ Am-iho֤h Hֽalhim֙ Lc֣o Ahr֔io and Am-hb֖al Lc֣o Ahr֑io and Lֽa-an֥o Ha֛m At֖o Dbֽr:
22:18 And the Lord said unto him, Behold, I will not go down to the land, but I will give it to my son, and I will give it to the LORD, and I will give it to him, and I will give it to the LORD, and I will give it to the four hundred, and the hundred and fifty.
23: 18 Itno-l֜no Sn֣im Fr֗im and Ibhr֣o Lhm֩ Hf֨r Hah֜d and ֽinth֗ho and Is֙imo֙ Al-h֣atz֔im and A֖s L֣a Is֑imo and An֞i Aas֣h | At-hf֣r Hah֗d and Nֽtti֙ Al-h֣atz֔im and A֖s L֥a Asֽim:
24: 18 Krat֞m Bs֣m Alֽhic֗m and ֽani֙ Akr֣a Bsm-iho֔h and Hi֧h Halh֛im Asr-ian֥h Ba֖s H֣oa Halh֑im and I֧an Cl-ha֛m and Iamr֖o T֥ob Hdbֽr:
25: 18 And the Lord said unto him, Bring him down, and bring him to the house, and bring them to the house of the LORD, and they shall be the one, and they shall not be destroyed, and they shall not be destroyed: and they shall not be destroyed.
26: 18 ֠ikho At-hf֨r Asr-nt֣n Lhm֮ and ֽiaso֒ and Ikra֣o Bsm-h֠bal Mhb֨kr and Ad-htzhr֤im Lamr֙ Hb֣al An֔no and A֥in K֖ol and A֣in An֑h and ֽifsh֔o Al-hmzb֖h As֥r Asֽh:
27: 18 Ih֨i Bֽtzhr֜im and Iht֧l Bh֣m Ali֗ho and I֙amr֙ Kra֤o Bkol-gdol֙ Cֽi-alh֣im H֔oa C֣i S֧ih and Cֽi-s֛ig L֖o and Cֽi-d֣rc L֑o Aol֛i Is֥n H֖oa and Ikֽtz:
28: 18 And the children of the children of the tribe of Baqoel, Gadol of the tribe of Gedoloth, came and went to them, as if they were the rulers of the tribe of Baherb, and they rebelled against them, even though they were still in their hands.
29: 18 And there was a certain day, and the people of the tribe of the tribe of Anbar came to them, and they came to the land of Israel, and they came to the land of Israel, and there was none of them, and there was none of them.
And Moses said unto him, Behold, all the people of the people have come, but they have not come; and all the people have come to him, and they have not taken away the inheritance of the LORD.
31:18 And the LORD took him away, and he gave him a hundred shekels, and he gave him the sword of the LORD, because he was the son of Jacob, the son of Jacob, the son of Jacob, the son of Jacob, the son of Jacob, the son of Jacob, the son of Jacob, the son of Jacob.
32: 18 And they built the sons of the tribe of Zebabah because of them, because the LORD was with them, and he made them go up to the ground, and the house of Satham came to them, and Zechariah returned to the land of Mizpeh.
33:18 And he went up to you, and set the fire on them, and laid down the fire, and he put them on the trees.
34: 18 And Moses said unto him, Behold, thou shalt be four hundred, and as for the children of Israel, and they shall be the children of the people, and they shall go up against the children, and say that they have changed, and that they have done it, and that they have said, that they have taken possession of it, and that they have taken possession of it.
35: 18 And they went to the house, and turned away from them, and brought them away, and brought them up to the ground.
36: 18 Ih֣i | Bal֣ot Hmnh֗h and Ig֞s Ali֣ho Hnbia֮ and Iamr֒ Iho֗h Alhi֙ Abrhm֙ Itzh֣k and Isra֔l Hi֣om Iod֗a Cֽi-at֧h Alh֛im Bisra֖l and An֣i Abd֑c ** * and your words and Bdbrc֣ As֔iti A֥t Cl-hdbr֖im Haֽlh:
37: 18 I have been greatly troubled by the LORD, and I am with you, and I am with you, and this is what I have done.
38:18 And the fire of the fire of the LORD came upon him, and he fed the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the Jordanites, and the Pharisees, and the Amorites, which was the daughter of Attalah, to fight her.
39:18 And he saw all the people, and they turned their faces upon their faces; and he said unto them, Yea, Jehovah is the LORD. The LORD is the LORD, O LORD, O LORD! Behold, O LORD God!
40: 18 And he said unto him, Come ye, I pray thee, thou shalt not be satisfied; and I will bring the children of the children of Israel to the land of Israel, and they shall not go astray, and they shall not go down; and they shall be dismayed.
41: 18 And Moses said unto him, Behold, thou shalt go up to the house of the LORD, and he shall be consumed; and he shall drink it: for it shall be the law of the LORD.
42: 18 And Abel, the brother of Ahadab, begged him to eat and to drink bread, and he gave him bread, and he gave him up to the Lord, and he gave up the vineyard, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him.
43:18 And he said unto him, O son of Ner, he hath gone up to him, and he hath taken away his father, and he hath given them to them, and he hath given them to him, and he hath given up the children of the children of Israel, and he hath given birth to them, and he hath given birth to them;
44: 18 And I will be in the seventh month, and he will be saying, Behold, thou shalt be the captain of the house, as it is in the hand of the sword, and upon the people of the sea, because of them, and upon them, and upon them,
45: 18 And there was a wall, and it was there, and it was there, and the people were there, and they were there, and they were not, and they were afraid, and there was a great multitude, and a great multitude came up to them, and the LORD gave it to them.
46:18 And the hand of the LORD came to him, and they came to him, and they brought him to him, and they gave him strength, and they gave him strength, and they gave him strength, and they gave him strength, and he gave him strength, and he gave him strength, and he gave up his strength.
‪xxxx  Chapter 19   (21 verses)‬
1: 19 And Ahad the father of the tribe of Jezreel begat all the women of Esau, and he made him captive unto him, and all the men of all the men saw that all the sons of the children were afraid, and they were not in the house of the LORD.
2: 19 And thou shalt be satisfied, but I will not go down unto thee, and I will bring thee unto God, and I will bring him to the house of the LORD, and he shall do it. God shall be with thee, and it shall be done to the people of the LORD.
3:19 And he saw, and he rose up, and he went up to his soul, and he came, and he came to him in the midst of the tribe of Asabath, and as for Ishur, he was with him, and he was with him, and he was with him, and his sons were there.
4: 19 Hֽoa-hl֤c Bmdbr֙ D֣rc I֔om and Ib֕a and I֕sb T֖ht R֣tm * One ** Ah֑d and Isa֤l At-nfso֙ Lm֔ot and I֣amr | R֗b At֤h Ihoh֙ K֣h Nfs֔i Cֽi-la-t֥ob Anc֖i Mabtֽi:
5:19 And he lay down, and he was ashamed, and he was with them, and he was with them, and he was with him, and he gave him his hand, and he said unto him, Lo, let him go down with him, and he will say unto them, Behold, thou shalt not eat.
6:19 19 And he brought it up, and he gave it to Manasseh, because he was not hungry, and he was thirsty for food, and he was thirsty for food, and he became sick, and he became sick, and he returned to captivity, and he was brought to rest.
7:19 And he returned, saying, "What is your name, Yahweh?" He said, "You shall not be angry with him." And he said, "Behold, I will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
8: 19 And he rose up, and was hungry, and he drank it, and he came to thee in the midst of the house of the LORD, and he gave it to the LORD, and he gave it to the LORD, and he gave it to him.
9:19 19 And they came to the west of the gate, and they gave them their name, and they gave it to them, saying, "Behold, I am saying to you, 'Behold, I am saying to you,' What is your name? '
10: 19 Iamr֩ Kn֨a Kn֜ati Liho֣h | Alh֣i Tzba֗ot Cֽi-azb֤o Brֽitc֙ Bn֣i Isra֔l At-mzbht֣ic Hr֔so and At-nbia֖ic Hrg֣o Bh֑rb and ֽaot֤r Ani֙ Lbd֔i and Ibks֥o At-nfs֖i Lkhtֽh:
11: 19 I֗amr Tz֣a and Amdt֣ Bhr֮ Lfn֣i Ihoh֒ and Hn֧h LORD Ab֗r and R֣oh Gdol֡h and Hz֞k Mfrk֩ Hr֨im and Msb֤r Slaim֙ Lfn֣i Iho֔h L֥a Br֖oh Iho֑h and Ah֤r Hr֨oh [1] R֔as L֥a Br֖as Ihoֽh:
12: 19 And Ahar, the son of Haraz, his wife, his wife, and his wife; the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the God of Israel.
13:19 And he came to me: and when his eyes were filled with him, his eyes were filled with him, and his face was in his glory, and he gave him up, and he went up to the west of the land, and he gave him unto him, and he said unto him, Behold, what is your name, and what is your name?
14: 19 Iamr֩ Kn֨a Kn֜ati Liho֣h | Alh֣i Tzba֗ot Cֽi-azb֤o Brֽitc֙ Bn֣i Isra֔l At-mzbht֣ic Hr֔so and At-nbia֖ic Hrg֣o Bh֑rb and Aot֤r Ani֙ Lbd֔i and Ibks֥o At-nfs֖i Lkhtֽh: S.
15: 19 And the word of the LORD came to him, and he said unto him, Lo! Thou shalt go down to the house of thy Lord, and he shall be the LORD of the worlds. [1] And I will bring you forth, and I will bring you to the house of the LORD.
16: 19 And the son of Nehemiah, the son of Nehemesh, came to him, and turned away from him, because of your inheritance over Israel, and to Eliash, the son of Shaphat, from Abel, from Holon, and from Thamesh, to Sheba, to Sheba, to Thabit, to Thine.
17: 19 And he, behold, he was circumcised, and he was afraid of the sword, and he was afraid of him, and he was afraid of him, and he was full of fear, and he was afraid of fear, and he was afraid of the wicked.
18: 19 And you shall remain in Israel, and shall not be satisfied, but all the men of the land shall be blessed, but they shall not go down, nor shall they be afraid; but they shall not go astray, nor shall the people of Israel go astray.
19: 19 I֣lc M֠sm and Imtz֞a At-alis֤a Bn-sft֙ and H֣oa Hr֔s Snim-as֤r Tzmdim֙ Lfn֔io and H֖oa Bsn֣im Has֑r and Iab֤r Ali֙ho֙ Al֔io and Isl֥c Adrt֖o Alֽio:
20: 19 Iaz֣b At-hbk֗r and I֙rtz֙ Ahr֣i Aֽli֔ho and I֗amr Askh-na֙ Lab֣i and Lam֔i and Alc֖h Ahr֑ic and I֤amr Lo֙ L֣c S֔ob C֥i Mh-as֖iti Lֽc:
21: 19 I֨sb Mahr֜io and Ik֣h At-tz֧md Hbk֣r and Izbh֗ho and Bcl֤i Hbkr֙ Bsl֣m Hbs֔r and It֥n La֖m and Iac֑lo and I֗km and I֛lc Ahr֥i Ali֖ho and Isrtֽho: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 20   (43 verses)‬
1:20 And the son of Hadad said unto him, Thou shalt not be gathered; thou shalt have gathered all the strength of his strength; and he hath turned away from him; and he hath taken away his inheritance; and he hath been desolate; and he hath become angry; and he hath turned away;
2: 20 And the king of Malak, the king of Elah, came out of the house of the LORD, the LORD of hosts.
3:20 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be a son of thy son, nor thy son, nor thy son, nor thy son, nor thy son, nor thy wife, and thy son, thy servants,
4:20 And he said, O Israel, I pray thee, and I will say: Thy word, I will judge thee, and I will go to thee, and I will be with thee, and all that is for me.
5: 20 And they shall be ashamed of him, that is, of the king, and of them, and of the son of the son of David, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David, of the children of Israel.
6: 20 And when I was with you, I saw you, and I saw my servant, and I asked thee, How are thy servants, and thy family, and thy servants, and thy servants, and thy servants, and thy servants, and thy servants?
7: 20 Ikr֤a Mֽlc-isral֙ Lcl-zkn֣i Ha֔rtz and I֙amr֙ Daֽo-n֣a and Ra֔o C֥i Ra֖h Z֣h Mbk֑s Cֽi-sl֨h Al֜i Lns֤i and Lbni֙ and Lcsf֣i and Lzhb֔i and L֥a Mn֖ati Mmֽno:
8: 20 And he said unto him, All the children of all the children have come to him, and all the people have not gone astray;
9: 20 I֜amr Lmlac֣i Bn-hd֗d Amr֞o Lֽadn֤i Hm֙lc֙ Cl֩ Asr-sl֨ht Al-abdc֤ Brֽasnh֙ Aas֔h and Hdb֣r Hz֔h L֥a Aoc֖l Las֑ot and Iֽlco֙ Hmlac֔im and Isb֖ho Dbֽr:
10:20 And his son, the son of David, came to him, and said, 'Do not go to me, O God, for they are not, and they will not go up against them, but they will not go out of the way, but I will go down to them, and they will not go up to all the land, but I will go down in my feet.'
11: 20 And Moses said unto thee, Behold, thou shalt say, Speak, thou shalt not come into the house of the holy man, but he shall not be put to shame.
12: 20 And he came to me, when he had taken the commandment of the Lord, that which was his name, and that it was his wife, that he had taken him away, and that he had gone down to the throne, and he had said unto his servants, That they were thirsty, and that they had been put to shame upon the fire.
13: 20 Hn֣h | Nb֣ia Ah֗d Ngs֮ Al-aha֣b Mֽlc-isral֒ and I֗amr C֚h Am֣r Iho֔h Hֽra֔it A֛t Cl-hhm֥on Hgd֖ol Hz֑h Hnn֨i Ntn֤o Biֽdc֙ Hi֔om and Idat֖ Cֽi-an֥i Ihoֽh:
14: 20 And Ahabar said to him, "Behold, I am saying to you, O son of Abraham, the son of Amor, the LORD is the son of Na'ar, the messenger of the children of the Midianites." And he said, "My name is Yissam, the son of the king of Judah," and he said, "I am a thief."
15: 20 Ifk֗d Aֽt-nari֙ Sr֣i Hmdin֔ot and Ihi֕o Mat֖im Sn֣im and Sls֑im and Ahrih֗m Fk֧d At-cl-ha֛m Cl-bn֥i Isra֖l Sba֥t Alfֽim:
16: 20 And he came out of the house, and saw it, and the son of David, that was six hundred years old, was lying in the sackcloth of the sackcloth, and the thorns were three hundred years, and it was his name, and he had given up his goats.
17:20 And the sons of Nerai came out, saying, Behold, the children of the children of Israel were rebellious, and the children of the children of Judah were there, and they brought him to him, saying to him, 'Am I not a man, let him go out?'
18:20 And the mother said unto them, Behold, they shall be ashamed, and they shall be ashamed: for they have lived, and have given them bread, and they have given them bread, and they have given bread to them.
19: 20 And it came to pass, that it was done, that it was made of them: the light of the youth, the youth of the people, the children of the Midianites, and the men of Israel, as they were after them.
20:20 And they prepared themselves for the man, his wife, and his sons; and they were defeated, and they were destroyed, and they were rebelling against them, and the children of Israel were full of them, and the children of the children were full of them, because they were not with you, they were against them, and they were oppressed, and they were afraid of them.
21: 20 And Moses went out into the midst of Israel, and he took the threshing floor, and put down the rod, and slew it, and brought it up, and they brought it up, and it brought it up to Gad.
22: 20 Ig֤s Hnbia֙ Al-m֣lc Isra֔l and I֤amr Lo֙ L֣c Hthz֔k and D֥a and Ra֖h A֣t Asֽr-tas֑h C֚i Ltsob֣t Hsn֔h M֥lc Ar֖m Al֥h Alֽic: S.
And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not be afraid; but they shall not be cut off from their mouths: and they shall not be ashamed of them.
24: 20 And the Lord, that which was done, made the thorns of the thorns, and there was no man of his place, and his servants were there, and they were not under their feet.
25: 20 At֣h Tֽmnh-lc֣ | H֡il Chil֩ Hnf֨l Maot֜c and S֣os Cs֣os | and R֣cb Cr֗cb and Nֽlhm֤h Aotm֙ Bmis֔or Am-l֥a Nhz֖k Mh֑m and Ism֥a Lkl֖m and I֥as Cֽn: P.
26: 20 And it came to pass, that the people of Sheshub, the son of Hadad, were in the midst of them, and the son of Hadad had taken them away, and he went up to Apakka to fight with the people of Israel.
27: 20 Bn֣i Isra֗l Htfkdo֙ and Clcl֔o and Ilc֖o Lkrat֑m and Ihn֨o Bnֽi-isra֜l Ngd֗m Csni֙ Hsf֣i Az֔im and Ar֖m Mla֥o At-haֽrtz:
28: 20 Ig֞s A֣is Halh֗im and Iamr֮ Al-m֣lc Isral֒ and I֜amr Cֽh-am֣r Iho֗h I֠an As֨r Amr֤o Arm֙ Alh֤i Hrim֙ Iho֔h and Lֽa-alh֥i Amk֖im H֑oa and ֠ntti At-cl-hhm֨on Hg֤dol Hzh֙ Bid֔c and ֽidat֖m Cֽi-an֥i Ihoֽh:
29: 20 ֽihn֧o A֦lh N֥ch A֖lh Sba֣t Im֑im and Ih֣i | Bi֣om Hsbia֗i and Tkrb֙ Hmlhm֔h and Ic֨o Bnֽi-isra֧l At-ar֛m Mah-a֥lf Rgl֖i Bi֥om Ahֽd:
And the sons of the children of the sons of Nathos, and the children of Elad, went up to the city of Hebron, and the sons of Hadad, the sons of Nathos, and the son of Hadad, the son of Hathor, and the son of Hidam, the son of Hadar,
31: 20 Iamr֣o Alio֮ Abdio֒ Hnֽh-n֣a Sm֔ano C֗i Mlci֙ B֣it Isra֔l Cֽi-mlc֥i H֖sd H֑m Ns֣imh Na֩ Sk֨im Bmtn֜ino and Hbl֣im Bras֗no and Ntza֙ Al-m֣lc Isra֔l Aol֖i Ihi֥h At-nfsֽc:
32: 20 Ihgro֩ Sk֨im Bmtnih֜m and Hbl֣im Brasih֗m and Ib֙ao֙ Al-m֣lc Isra֔l and I֣amr֔o Abdc֧ Bn-hd֛d Am֖r Thֽi-n֣a Nfs֑i and I֛amr Haod֥no H֖i Ah֥i Hֽoa:
33: 20 Hansim֩ Inhs֨o and ֽimhr֜o and Ihlt֣o Hmm֗no and Iֽamro֙ Ah֣ic Bn-hd֔d and I֖amr B֣ao Kh֑ho and Itz֤a Alio֙ Bn-hd֔d and ֽial֖ho Al-hmrcbֽh:
34: 20 I֣amr Al֡io Har֣im Asr-lֽkh-abi֩ Ma֨t Ab֜ic As֗ib and ֠hotzot Ts֨im Lc֤ Bdm֙sk֙ Casr-s֤m Abi֙ Bs֣mr֔on and An֖i Bbr֣it Aslh֑c and Icrt-l֥o Br֖it and ֽislhֽho: S.
35: 20 And the man of the sons of Israel was afraid of the children of the tribe, but the people of the land were afraid of the LORD, because they were afraid of the LORD, because he was so angry, and he died, and he came to them, and the man was there to strike him.
36: 20 I֣amr L֗o I֚an As֤r Lֽa-sm֙at֙ Bk֣ol Iho֔h Hnc֤ Holc֙ Mֽat֔i and Hcc֖ Hari֑h and I֙lc֙ Mֽatzl֔o and Imtza֥ho Hari֖h and Icֽho:
37:20 And he found that there was a man, and he was afraid, and he said to him, "Behold, I am a priest, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will go down with you."
38: 20 And he led the men of the tribe, and he went down to the king, and he went on to the king, and he went in to seek refuge in the land of his eyes.
39: 20 Ih֤i Hm֙lc֙ Ab֔r and H֖oa Tza֣k Al-hm֑lc and I֜amr Abdc֣ | Itz֣a Bkֽrb-hmlhm֗h and Hnֽh-a֨is S֜r and Ib֧a Al֣i A֗is and I֙amr֙ Smr֙ At-ha֣is Hz֔h Am-hfkd֙ Ifk֔d and Hit֤h Nfsc֙ T֣ht Nfs֔o A֥o Ccr-c֖sf Tskֽol:
40: 20 And I will be thy servant, that thou shalt do it: behold, I am the son of the LORD, and I am the son of Aaron, and I am the son of the LORD, and the LORD of the people of Israel.
41: 20 And he went to the house of the king, and he went down to the house of the king, and he went up to him, and he brought him to the house of the king of Israel.
42: 20 And Moses said unto him, Behold, the LORD hath said, O LORD, I am the LORD, that thou hast brought him to the throne of the man of Hormon, and he hath given it to thee, and thou shalt give him thy soul, and thou shalt give him life, and his people, and thou shalt bring him forth with his people.
43:20 And the king of Israel sent thee into the house of his house, and he went to the house of Zerah, and he came, and brought it to Samaria.
‪xxxx  Chapter 21   (29 verses)‬
1: 21 And there was another man, the LORD, who was with him, and he was with him, because he was the LORD, and he was the son of Laban, and he was the son of Zera'al, the son of Asher, the son of Zerah, the son of Zechariah, the son of Zechariah, of Ahaz, the son of Zechariah;
2: 21 Idb֣r Aha֣b Al-nb֣ot | Lamr֩ | Tnh-l֨i Aֽt-crmc֜ and ֽihi-l֣i Lgn-ir֗k C֣i H֤oa Krob֙ A֣tzl Bit֔i and Atn֤h Lc֙ Tht֔io C֖rm T֣ob Mm֑no A֚m T֣ob Bain֔ic Atnh-lc֥ C֖sf Mh֥ir Zֽh:
And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt go down unto me;
4: 21 Iba֩ Aha֨b Al-bit֜o S֣r and Za֗f Al-hdbr֙ Asr-db֣r Al֗io Nbot֙ Hizraal֔i and I֕amr Lֽa-at֥n Lc֖ At-nhl֣t Abot֑i and Iscb֙ Al-mtt֔o and Is֥b At-fn֖io and Lֽa-a֥cl Lֽhm:
5:21 And thou shalt bring unto him, that thou shalt not go, but thou shalt not give him his wife: and thou shalt be diligent unto him, that which is not thy name, thy neighbor, thou shalt not see, and thou shalt not eat the bread of their bread.
6: 21 Idb֣r Al֗ih Cֽi-a֠dbr Al-nb֨ot Hizraal֜i and A֣mr L֗o Tnh-l֤i Aֽt-crmc֙ Bc֔sf A֚o Am-hf֣tz At֔h Atnh-lc֥ C֖rm Tht֑io and I֕amr Lֽa-at֥n Lc֖ At-crmֽi:
7: 21 T֤amr Alio֙ Aiz֣bl Ast֔o At֕h At֛h Tas֥h Mloc֖h Al-isra֑l K֤om Acl-l֙hm֙ and It֣b Lb֔c Ani֙ At֣n Lc֔ At-c֖rm Nb֥ot Hizraalֽi:
8: 21 And the books of the children of Israel were numbered in their midst, and they were in the heat of the furnace, and they were in the heat of the furnace, and they were put to rest. The books were counted on the books of the Elders. [1] And unto the elders, and as for the people of Israel, in the city of Israel, were they not, and they were captivated by Noah.
9: 21 And the children of the tribe of Amor rebuked them, and they took the tribe of Naboth, and rebelled against the LORD.
10: 21 And the people of Shushibu were two men, and they were not in the house of the children of Baalai, but they were against him, and the people of Judah, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the people of Judah, and the Levites, and the Levites, and the Levites.
11: 21 Iaso֩ Ans֨i Air֜o Hzkn֣im and Hhr֗im As֤r Hiֽsbim֙ Bair֔o Cas֛r Slh֥h Alih֖m Aiz֑bl Cas֤r Ctob֙ Bsfr֔im As֥r Slh֖h Alihֽm:
12: 21 And he saw the voice of his father, and of his heart, Nabath-son of Abraham, the captain of the tribe of Hatham.
13: 21 ֠ibao Sn֨i Hans֥im Bnֽi-blial֮ and Isb֣o Ngdo֒ and Iadho֩ Ans֨i Hbli֜al At-nb֗ot N֤gd Ham֙ Lam֔r Br֥c Nb֛ot Alh֖im and M֑lc and Itza֙ho֙ Mh֣otz La֔ir and Iskl֥ho Babn֖im and Imֽt:
14: 21 And the king sent him away to Esau, saying unto him, Son of the son of Saul, the son of Naboth, is he, and he hath died?
15: 21 ֽihi֙ Csm֣a Aiz֔bl Cֽi-sk֥l Nb֖ot and Im֑t and T֨amr Aiz֜bl Al-aha֗b K֣om R֞s At-c֣rm | Nb֣ot Hizraal֗i As֤r Man֙ Ltt-lc֣ Bc֔sf C֣i A֥in Nb֛ot H֖i Ci-mֽt:
16: 21 And it came to pass, when the people of Ahavab came up, that there was no son of Noah, and he rose up to them, and rebuked them, and he rebelled against them, so that the children of Israel came to them, and the children of Zera'al,
17: 21 And there was a word of the LORD, saying unto God, Behold, thou shalt sit again;
18: 21 And Moses, the Lord of the worlds, hath given unto thee the LORD thy God, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the earth, and the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth.
19: 21 Dbrt֨ Al֜io Lam֗r C֚h Am֣r Iho֔h Hrtz֖ht and Gm-ir֑st and Dbrt֨ Al֜io Lam֗r C֚h Am֣r Iho֔h Bmk֗om As֨r Lkk֤o Hclbim֙ At-d֣m Nb֔ot Il֧ko Hclb֛im At-dmc֖ Gm-aֽth:
20:21 21 And Ahabar said unto him, Behold, I am not with thee, O LORD, thou hast brought me forth; for I am not with thee, yet I am saying: I beseech thee, thou shalt not be satisfied: for thou hast done thy word, that I may do unto thee, that thou shalt be satisfied with the eyes of the LORD.
21: 21 Behold, I am not with you, but from me, it is to you, O LORD, that is, to me, and to me, and to my youth, and to my neighbor, and to my neighbor, to my brother.
22: 21 And I will bring your daughter to the house of the tribe of Jeroboam, the son of Nebuchat, and the son of Laban, the son of her brethren, shall be the son of the son of Israel, that is, the woman of Israel, that she hath committed adultery, and she hath committed the children of Israel.
23: 21 And it came to pass, when the LORD, the son of the LORD, came to him, saying unto him, Thou shalt not eat, thou shalt eat the seed of the seed of the seed of the broth;
24: 21 What is the commandment to Ahav, that is, in the light of the fire, it shall be consumed, and the thorns shall be filled with bread, and the cattle shall die in the breadth of the bread, and it shall be eaten with bread, and the bread shall be consumed.
25: 21 And the LORD, behold, I am the LORD, the LORD, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, the wife of Abraham,
26: 21 And he went to the house of the king, and he returned to the house of the king, and he returned to the land, and he returned to the land of Israel, so that he did not go down to the land of Israel.
27: 21 And it was as if the people of Ahadaih had taken the plague, but they had not come to him, and he had taken it in his hand, and he had given it to him, and he had given it to the flesh of his flesh, and he had given it to them, and he had given it to the tribe of Isaac, and he had come to you.
28: 21 And I am the son of David, the son of Eli, the son of Eli;
29: 21 The LORD, the LORD, is the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, and the Father.
‪xxxx  Chapter 22   (54 verses)‬
1:22 And he dwelt among them, that they had been destroyed, that they had not been destroyed, but that they had not sold them, and that they had not seen them; and they had not sold them.
2:22 And there was a woman in the third tribe, Jehoshaphat, who was in the house of Jehoshaphat, saying unto her, Behold, the children of Israel shall come unto Me.
And he said unto them, Behold, I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength: and I will give thee strength.
4: 22 I֙amr֙ Al-ih֣osf֔t Htl֥c At֛i Lmlhm֖h Rm֣t Gla֑d and I֤amr Ihֽosft֙ Al-m֣lc Isra֔l Cm֧oni Cm֛oc Cam֥i Cam֖c Csos֥i Csosֽic:
5:22 And Jehoshaphar said unto the children of Israel, Behold, I will not be afraid, because I will destroy the LORD, O LORD, O LORD.
6: 22 and Ikb֨tz Mֽlc-isra֥l Aֽt-hnbiaim֮ Carb֣a Ma֣ot Ais֒ and I֣amr Alh֗m Hal֞c Al-rm֥t Gla֛d Lmlhm֖h Am-ahd֑l and Iamr֣o Al֔h and It֥n Adn֖i Bi֥d Hmֽlc:
7:22 And he said unto them, Yea, the son of Shaphan, the son of Levi, the son of Levi, the son of Levi, the son of Judah, the son of David, and of Nerashah, of Judah;
8: 22 and I֣amr Mֽlc-isra֣l | Aֽl-ihosf֡t A֣od Ais-ah֡d Ldrs֩ At-iho֨h Mat֜o and An֣i Snat֗io C֠i Lֽa-itnb֨a Al֥i Tob֙ C֣i Am-r֔a Mic֖iho Bn-iml֑h and I֙amr֙ Ih֣osf֔t Al-iam֥r Hm֖lc Cֽn:
9: 22 And he called to Moses, saying, I pray thee, I pray thee, unto the serpent of the LORD, saying, 'Behold, I will say unto thee, Behold, thou art a son of Yahweh, son of Jemel.'
10: 22 M֣lc Isra֡l and ֽihosf֣t Mֽlc-ihod֡h Isbim֩ A֨is Al-csa֜o Mlbs֤im Bgdim֙ Bg֔rn F֖th S֣ar Smr֑on and C֨l-hnbia֔im Mֽtnba֖im Lfnihֽm:
11:22 And the people of the tribe of Zedekiah came to him in the midst of the Canaanites, because they were born in the land of Israel, and the land of Israel was destroyed, and the people of Israel, the LORD, were destroyed, and the people of Israel were with them.
12:22 22 And all the sons of the prophets were brought up, so that they may be glorified, so that they may be lifted up, and they will go down, and they will be burned. And they will be with you, O Jehovah, for you are in the house of the LORD.
13: 22 Hmla֞c Asr-hl֣c | Lkr֣a Mic֗iho Db֤r Alio֙ Lam֔r Hnh-n֞a Dbr֧i Hnbia֛im Fֽh-ah֥d T֖ob Al-hm֑lc Ihֽi-n֣a * ** Dbrc֗ Cdb֛r words Ah֥d Mh֖m and Db֥rt Tֽob:
14: 22 And Moses said unto thee, Behold, the life of the LORD is upon thee, that I may lift up the fire of the LORD, and fear the LORD.
15: 22 Iboa֮ Al-hmlc֒ and I֨amr Hm֜lc Al֗io Mic֙iho֙ Hnl֞c Al-rm֥t Gla֛d Lmlhm֖h Am-nhd֑l and I֤amr Alio֙ Al֣h and Htzl֔h and Nt֥n Iho֖h Bi֥d Hmֽlc:
16:22 And he said to him, "What is your name, how long have you been, how long have you been? I am not satisfied with you, but I am not pleased with you. Do not be afraid of them, for they are pure in truth, because they are the LORD."
17: 22 I֗amr Ra֤iti At-cl-isral֙ Nftz֣im Al-hhr֔im Ctz֕an As֥r Ain-lh֖m Ra֑h and I֤amr Ihoh֙ Lֽa-adn֣im La֔lh Is֥obo Ais-lbit֖o Bslֽom:
18:22 And Moses said unto him, I pray thee, I pray thee unto the LORD, I pray thee, thou art not satisfied with me: for I fear thee, thou shalt not be reproached.
19: 22 And he said to them, That the word of the LORD hath passed on me: behold, I have seen the LORD, and he hath turned his throne upon his throne, and all his strength is upon the heavens, and he is still standing on his feet, and he is full of his treasures, and his punishment is upon him.
20:22 And the word of the LORD was spoken to him, saying, "I am the one who gave birth to Abraham, and he went up to the land of Gilboa. And he said to him, 'Behold, this is what I have done.'
21: 22 And he said, "Behold, I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will return to you, and I will go to you." The LORD said to him, "I am saying, 'I am the one who says to you,' And the LORD said, 'Behold, I will be with you.'"
22:22 22 And he said, I will go out, and I will be with you, and I will see you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
23: 22 And now, behold, we are the children of Israel, Jehovah, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD.
24: 22 And Haggash saw Tzedekiah, his father, in the midst of Canaan, and he gave him his bread, and he gave him bread to the LORD, and he said to him, "Behold, I will go to the house of Yahweh, and I will come to you, and I will come to you."
25:22 And he said unto thee, Behold, thy Lord is seeing thee, behold, I will be with thee, and behold, I will not be ashamed, but thou shalt not be afraid of me.
26:22 And he said unto him, I pray thee, I will send thee into the land of Israel, and I will bring thee to thee, and he that hath sent him back to the mother of Israel, the minister of light, and unto his son, the son of the king.
27: 22 And he said unto him, Behold, thou art the ruler of the king, that they have made the house of Zohath, the daughter of the king, and the echoloh, of them, and of them, of the bread of the heat, and of the heat of the heat, and of the heat, and of the heat, and of the heat,
28: 22 And he said, "Behold, I am with thee, if thou shalt return, thou shalt return in the flesh of the wicked, but the LORD shall not be afraid of the LORD." Behold, he said: Hear, ye shall not go down with them;
29: 22 And he went up to Meal, the son of Israel, and went up to Joseph. [1] He said unto thee, Verily, the LORD is great;
30: 22 Iamr֩ M֨lc Isra֜l Al-ihosf֗t Hthfs֙ and B֣a Bmlhm֔h and At֖h Lb֣s Bgd֑ic and Ithfs֙ M֣lc Isra֔l and Ib֖oa Bmlhmֽh:
31: 22 M֣lc Ar֡m Tzo֣h At-sri֩ Hr֨cb Asr-l֜o Sls֤im and Sn֙im֙ Lam֔r L֚a Tl֣hm֔o At-kt֖n and At-gd֑ol C֛i Aֽm-at-m֥lc Isra֖l Lbdֽo:
32: 22 And there came to me the sight of the people of Israel, that I saw the people of Israel, and they said, What are they saying, saying, Behold, I pray thee, I pray thee, I pray thee, I pray thee, that ye may not go down, and go astray, and they shall not turn to them, and they shall be filled with them: and Jezek, the son of Jehoshaphat:
33:22 And there was a vision of the flesh of the people, because it was not like the people of Israel, but the people of Israel were there, and there was their captivity after the last of their generations.
34: 22 A֗is Ms֤c Bk֙st֙ Ltm֔o and Ich֙ At-m֣lc Isra֔l B֥in Hdbk֖im and B֣in Hsri֑n and I֣amr Lrcb֗o Hf֥c Idc֛ and Hotzia֥ni Mn-hֽmhn֖h C֥i Hhlֽiti:
35: 22 And Thou hast raised the bread, it is in me, that it is not the bread, and it is thy hand; it is the breadth of the breadth, which is in the head, and it is the bread, and the bread, and the bread, and the bread, the bread, and the bread.
36:22 And Abara the son of Harun, the son of Haman, reigned in the midst of the fifth month of Amor: the man of the city was with him, and his wife was with his mother.
37:22 And he said unto him, Where is thy hand? And thou shalt give him bread, and he shall keep his bread, and he shall bury thy hand, and keep thee in the shade of the oven.
38: 22 And he set the sword on the ground, and he went on, saying, Behold, the keeper of the heavens, and the children of the kohlabites, have brought forth his blood, and they have given him the fragrance of the wind, and they have commanded him, as the LORD has commanded.
39: 22 Itr֩ Dbr֨i Aha֜b and Cl-as֣r As֗h and B֤it Hsn֙ As֣r Bn֔h and Cl-har֖im As֣r Bn֑h Hlֽoa-h֣m Ctob֗im Al-s֛fr Dbr֥i Him֖im Lmlc֥i Israֽl:
40: 22 And Ahazab dwelt with his father, and his father was with him, and his brothers were with him, and his sons were under him.
41: 22 And Jehoshaphat the son of Essa, the king of Judah, came upon Judah, and in the year of his death he went up to the house of Ahahab, the king of Israel.
42: 22 Jehoshaphat, the son of Shush, was five years old and twenty years old, and he was twenty years old, twenty years old, and they were five years old, and they were born in the city of Jerusalem, and their land was destroyed because of his mother, because she left the daughter of Shiloh.
43:22 And he went in all the ways of his people; but his father was not dismayed, because he was not able to do the things of the sixth day, because of the eyes of the LORD.
44: 22 But the children of the children of Israel, the women of the Levites, are not afraid of them, but they are not sacrificing, and they have been put to death in their midst.
45: 22 And Jehoshaphat was with them, so that they might come into Israel.
46: 22 And the word of the LORD was spoken to him: and Jehoshaphat was mighty, and he that was with them, and turned away from them: they were not, but they were not numbered, but they were on the scepter of the word, saying unto them, Come to the king,
47: 22 And there was a wall of the holy land, and it was ashes, and it was not in the sky, but in the sea, it was not as yet, but it was not in the wilderness, but in the wilderness of the land of the earth.
48: 22 And you shall not go into the land of the LORD, nor shall your descendants be destroyed.
49: 22 Yochep, the tenth of the tenth, I made a boat, and the captain of the tribe of Shesh became king, and the king went to the house of the king, and he returned to the land, and he returned to the land, and he returned to the land, and the land of the land was destroyed, and the land was destroyed, and the land was broken, and the ships were destroyed.
50: 22 And he said unto him, Behold, I am my brother, O son of Ahab, thou shalt not go into the house of the tribe of Israel, but I will come to thee, that I may serve thee, even with thy servants, because I am on my ships, and I will not be with thee, O son of Jehoshaphat.
51: 22 And he dwelt in the house of Jehoshaphat, with his father, when he was with him, and he came together with his father, and was in the fire of the fire of his father, and his children were with you, and they were in their hands,
52:22 22 Ahazai, son of Ahadaih, I will bring you up to Israel, in the midst of the seven years of captivity, when the people of Israel will return to Israel, and the LORD will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you on the land of Israel, and you will be destroyed.
53: 22 And he did that which was in the mind of the LORD, and he was in his father's ways, and he was in his inheritance, and his mother was in the midst of his inheritance, but he was a son of Nabath, because he was not afraid of the people of Israel.
54: 22 And Abiad, the servant of Abbaal, and Jehoatha, the son of Levi, came to him, and he destroyed the LORD, and he turned away from him, so that he might not be afraid, because he did not do so.
‪xxxx    End of 1 Kings (22 chapters, 817 verses).
