‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.45. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    2 Kings (25 chapters, 719 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (18 verses)‬
1: 1 And the king of Israel went out of the house of the LORD, saying unto him, Behold, I am not worthy of the LORD;
2: 1 and If֨l Ahzi֜h Ba֣d Hsbc֗h Balit֛o As֥r Bsmr֖on and I֑hl and Isl֣h Mlac֔im and I֤amr Alhm֙ Lc֣o Drs֗o Bb֤al Zbob֙ Alh֣i Akr֔on Am-ahi֖h Mhl֥i Zֽh: S.
3: 1 and Mla֣c Iho֗h Dbr֙ Al-ali֣h Htsb֔i K֣om Al֔h Lkr֖at Mlac֣i Mֽlc-smr֑on and Db֣r Alh֔m Hֽmbl֤i Ain-alhim֙ Bisra֔l Atm֙ Hֽlc֔im Ldr֕s Bb֥al Zb֖ob Alh֥i Akrֽon:
4: 1 And this is what the LORD, the LORD, hath said: The Lord is the Lord, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
5: 1 And there was a multitude of angels, all of them, who were with him; and he said unto them, Where are they? Where is thy daughter?
6: 1 and Iamr֨o Al֜io A֣is | Al֣h Lkrat֗no and I֣amr Alino֮ Lc֣o Sobo֮ Al-hm֣lc Asr-sl֣h Atcm֒ and Dbrt֣m Al֗io C֚h Am֣r Iho֔h Hֽmbl֤i Ain-alhim֙ Bisra֔l At֣h Sl֔h Ldr֕s Bb֥al Zb֖ob Alh֣i Akr֑on L֠cn Hmt֞h Asr-al֥it S֛m Lֽa-tr֥d Mm֖nh Cֽi-m֥ot Thumb
7: 1 And David spoke to them, saying, "It is not the people of the tribe of Israel, but the people of Israel, who are above you, will not see you, nor will you be afraid, but I will bring them up to you, and I will bring them to you."
8: 1 And he said unto him, Behold, there is no man, but there is no wickedness; but he hath not changed, and this is the last thing, and he hath broken down in his midst, and he hath believed, and he said unto me, Behold, thou shalt sit down again.
9: 1 And it came to pass, that it was not, and that it was five hundred and fifty, and it was the bread of the LORD, and it was there, that he was sitting there, even unto the fire of the fire, and he was afraid, and he gave him light, and to him was no man, but the LORD was the God of the LORD, and the LORD was thy God;
10: 1 and Ian֣h Ali֗ho and Idbr֮ Al-s֣r Hhmsim֒ and Am-a֤is Alhim֙ A֔ni T֤rd As֙ Mn-hsm֔im and Tac֥l Atc֖ and At-hms֑ic and T֤rd As֙ Mn-hsm֔im and T֥acl At֖o and At-hmsֽio:
11: 1 And he returned, and he returned, and he returned to him, and he returned to the house of Aharam, and his five hundred, and he gave him bread, and he gave it to him, and he returned to him, and the sword of the LORD was there, and he was not like that, but he was the king of thy land, and he was the LORD of the LORD.
12: 1 and I֣an Alih֮ and Idb֣r Alihm֒ Am-a֤is Hֽalhim֙ A֔ni T֤rd As֙ Mn-hsm֔im and Tac֥l Atc֖ and At-hms֑ic and T֤rd As-alhim֙ Mn-hsm֔im and T֥acl At֖o and At-hmsֽio:
13: 1 and I֗sb and Isl֛h Sr-hms֥im Sls֖im and Hms֑io and I֡al and Iba֩ Sr-hhms֨im Hslis֜i and Icr֥a Al-brc֣io | Ln֣gd Ali֗ho and Ithn֤n Alio֙ and Idb֣r Al֔io A֚is Hֽalh֔im Tֽikr-n֣a Nfs֗i and N֨fs Abd֥icֽ A֛lh Hms֖im Bainֽic:
14: 1 Behold, we are the children of the LORD, the fire of the people of heaven, and they shall be consumed by the servants of the LORD, and they shall be consumed by the heat of the fire, and the heathen and the heat of the heat shall be burned, and the heat of the fire shall be filled with the heat of your nostrils.
15: 1 And David spoke unto him, saying, Jehovah is thy God, O God, I pray thee, O LORD, I pray thee, thou shalt not be afraid of his face; and he shall be revenged, and he shall be destroyed, and he shall be put to death.
16: 1 and Idb֨r Al֜io Cֽh-am֣r Iho֗h I֜an Asr-sl֣ht Mlacim֮ Ldrs֮ Bb֣al Zbob֮ Alh֣i Akron֒ Hֽmbl֤i Ain-alhim֙ Bisra֔l Ldr֖s Bdbr֑o L֠cn Hmt֞h Asr-al֥it S֛m Lֽa-tr֥d Mm֖nh Cֽi-m֥ot Tmֽot:
17: 1 And the LORD I֜mt Cdb֥r | Asr-db֣r Ali֗ho and Iml֤c Ihorm֙ Tht֔io P. Bsn֣t St֔im Lihor֥m Bn-ihosf֖t M֣lc Ihod֑h C֛i Lֽa-h֥ih L֖o Bֽn:
18: 1 And the word of the word of the LORD shall come to pass, and I will make it to the people of the land, but the people of Israel shall do it: for they shall not be put to death, nor shall they be cursed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (25 verses)‬
1: 2 And it came to pass, in the midst of the Lord's commandment, that thou hast taken away my anger, and that it is in him, that I will make it to thee, that it may be fulfilled: and I will bring thee to him, and to him, and to the LORD, from the midst of the snow.
2: 2 and Iamr֩ Ali֨ho Al-alis֜a Sֽb-n֣a F֗h C֤i Ihoh֙ Slh֣ni Ad-bֽit-a֔l and I֣amr Alis֔a Hi-iho֥h and Hֽi-nfsc֖ Am-aazb֑c and Ird֖o Bֽit-aֽl:
3: 2 and Itza֨o Bnֽi-hnbia֥im Asr-bֽit-al֮ Al-alisa֒ and Iamr֣o Al֔io Hid֕at C֣i Hi֗om Iho֛h Lk֥h At-adn֖ic Ma֣l Ras֑c and I֛amr Gm-an֥i Id֖ati Hhsֽo:
4: 2 And he said unto him, Behold, I pray thee, O Lord, I pray thee, O God, I pray thee, O LORD, I pray thee, O God, that I may send thee, and I will give thee rest: and he shall be satisfied with me, and he shall be with thee, and I will be with thee, and thy son shall be with thee.
5: 2 and Igs֨o Bnֽi-hnbia֥im Asr-bֽiriho֮ Al-alisa֒ and Iamr֣o Al֔io Hid֕at C֣i Hi֗om Iho֛h Lk֥h At-adn֖ic Ma֣l Ras֑c and I֛amr Gm-an֥i Id֖ati Hhsֽo:
6: 2 And he said unto him, Behold, I pray thee, O LORD, that I may return unto thee, O God, that I may be worthy of the LORD, that I may send thee, saying, Behold, the life of the LORD is upon thee, and upon thy soul, and upon thy mother, and upon thy mother, and upon thee, and upon thee, and upon them.
7: 2 And it was five days, when there was a son of the sons of the prophets, and he was the king of Israel, and he went up to them, and he went out from there, smelling of bread, and the two of them were burned, and they were standing on the ground.
8: 2 And he took me to him, and brought him to his house, and he came to him, and he took up the water, and destroyed it, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and they went to them in their midst.
9: 2 and Ih֣i Cabr֗m and A֨li֜ho Am֤r Al-alisa֙ Sal֙ M֣h Aֽash-l֔c Bt֖rm Alk֣h Mam֑c and I֣amr Alis֔a and ֽihi-n֛a Fֽi-sn֥im Brohc֖ Alֽi:
10: 2 And he said to the captain, Behold, thou shalt not be afraid; if thou seeest it, thou shalt not be satisfied; for thou art not thy wife; for it is your inheritance, and so is it. And if it is not, behold, it is not her;
11: 2 And he said, "Behold, the Lord is the Lord, and he is the Lord, and he is the Lord of fire, and he is the Lord of fire, and he is the one who has lost his strength, and the people of his people have been destroyed.
12: 2 And Elijah was afraid of him, and he was afraid of him, and he was afraid of him, and he was afraid of him, and he was afraid of him, and he was afraid of him, and he was afraid of him, and he was afraid of him.
13: 2 And it came to pass, that thou shalt bring up the seed of my God, and I will bring it to him, and I will bring it to light, and it shall be the fountain of light, and I will return to it, and I will return to it, and I will return to it.
14: 2 and Ikh֩ At-ad֨rt Ali֜ho Asr-nfl֤h Mֽalio֙ and Ic֣h At-hm֔im and Iam֕r Ai֕h Iho֖h Alh֣i Ali֑ho Af-h֣oa | and Ic֣h At-hm֗im and Iֽhtzo֙ H֣nh and H֔nh and ֽiab֖r Alisֽa:
15: 2 And they saw him, the sons of the sons of the Nabihites, who was in his fire, and he was not in the house, and he was saying, "Behold, I am the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the God of Israel, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the One, and the One."
16: 2 and Iamr֣o Al֡io Hnh-n֣a Iֽs-at-abdic֩ Hms֨im Ans֜im Bnֽi-h֗il I֣lco Na֮ and Ibks֣o At-adnic֒ Fn-nsao֙ R֣oh Iho֔h and Islc֙ho֙ Bah֣d Hhr֔im A֖o Bah֣t * ** Hgai֑ot boom and I֖amr L֥a Tslֽho:
17: 2 And his fortunes were brought before him, and he went up to him, and said to him, Behold, he is ashamed, and he hath sent him away, and he is five hundred years old: there is no man, and he begs for his strength, and he is not satisfied;
18: 2 And they shall return to him, and to him they shall be ashamed: and behold, he shall be ashamed of his brethren, and he shall say unto them: 'Behold, I will come unto you, and I will not fear thee;
19: 2 And he said unto him, O man, I pray thee, O son of the LORD, come unto the God of the LORD, let us go to the land of Israel, the land of the land of Israel, and the land of Israel, as the land of Adonai. See, see, and behold, the wicked is evil, and this is the land of the wicked.
20: 2 And he said to them, Take me to the house of Ziloh, and I will be with you again, and I will be with you, and I will bring them back to you, and I will bring them to you.
21: 2 And it came to pass, that the people of Israel had come out of their midst, and that their name had been taken away from them, and it was said, "Am I, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the One, and the Most High?"
22: 2 And he gave him the sword, and he gave it to the LORD, and he gave it to the LORD, and he gave it to him.
23: 2 And they went out of their midst, and they were in the midst of them, and they were not in the house, but the people of the land were the children of the children of Israel, and the children of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land.
24: 2 And the son of Shapiro, his sons, and his sons, saw them, and they were cursed, because of their wickedness, the LORD, the LORD, and the people of Israel, that were numbered of them, that were numbered of them, and they were numbered of them, because of them they were four hundred, and the children of Israel were children.
25: 2 And they went after them unto the threshing floor of the vineyard, and when they were still there, they went down to Samaria.
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (27 verses)‬
1: 3 And Jehoram the son of Ahahabab cried over Israel on the day of the seventh day of the twentieth month, in the year of Shemot, the tenth day of the ninth year of the reign of Jehoshaphat, the son of Jehudah, the son of Judah, and he returned to you for twenty-nine years.
2: 3 And he did the evil thing in the eyes of the LORD, and the LORD gave him strength, and he did not suffer his pain, nor did he come to him, and he took away the commandment of the tribe of Israel, and he did not go to work.
3: 3 ר֠ק בבְּח֞ט֞א֞ה יאררבבעע֧ם בֽבֽנ-- נְב֛ב֛ט אה אששרר- החחטט֥א אה ירשאר֖א֖ת֖ל דל דבב֑ב֑ק ללאא֖א֖א֖ר מִא מִם מממֽנהה: ס.
4: 3 And he shall be filled with the seed of the house of the LORD, and he shall be brought down to the house of Israel, and the people of Israel shall come to them, and they shall be gathered together, and they shall be gathered together.
5: 3 And it came to pass, as in the days of Ahahab, and the people of Mavlach-Moab, who were in the midst of Israel, went astray.
6: 3 And he gave birth to the king, saying, "Behold, I am with you, because I am the one who sees them, and this is the one who kept his promise, and took away all the people of Israel."
7: 3 and I֡lc and Islh֩ Al-ihosf֨t Mֽlc-ihod֜h Lam֗r M֤lc Moab֙ Fs֣a B֔i Htl֥c At֛i Al-moa֖b Lmlhm֑h and I֣amr Aal֔h Cm֧oni Cm֛oc Cam֥i Cam֖c Csos֥i Csosֽic:
8: 3 And he said unto him, This is the LORD thy God, and he hath said unto him, saying, Deuteronomy:
9: 3 and Ilc֩ M֨lc Isra֤l and Mֽlc-ihodh֙ [1] and M֣lc Ad֔om and Is֕bo D֖rc Sba֣t Im֑im and La-hi֨h M֧im Lֽmhn֛h and Lbhm֖h As֥r Brglihֽm:
10: 3 And he said, Merry is the man of Israel, and he is not his wife, because he is not cold; he is the LORD, and he is the God of the Lord, and he is the one who has given birth to him.
11: 3 and I֣amr Ihosf֗t Ha֨in F֤h Nbia֙ Lֽiho֔h and Ndrs֥h At-iho֖h Maot֑o and ֠ian Ah֞d Mabd֤i Mֽlc-isral֙ and I֔amr F֚h Alis֣a Bn-sf֔t Asr-i֥tzk M֖im Al-id֥i Aliֽho:
12: 3 And he said unto him, Yea, the son of Shaphan, he hath given up his voice, and he hath spoken unto him, and he hath gone down, and he hath turned away from him, and he hath turned away from thee, and he is the captain of the tribe of Israel.
13: 3 and I֨amr Alis֜a Al-m֤lc Isral֙ Mh-l֣i and L֔c L֚c Al-nbia֣i Ab֔ic and Al-nbia֖i Am֑c and I֤amr Lo֙ M֣lc Isra֔l A֗l Cֽi-kr֤a Ihoh֙ Lsl֙st֙ Hmlc֣im Ha֔lh Lt֥t Aot֖m Bid-moaֽb:
14: 3 And the LORD said unto him, Behold, the living of the LORD is upon me, the tribes of Israel, that I may be ashamed of my people, that I may face him before you, for I pray thee, O son of Israel, I pray thee, O son of Israel, I am with thee, O son of Judah, I am not with thee, but with thy father, and with thee, and with thy God.
15: 3 And when they came, they took them away from them, and carried them away, as if they were the angels, and the angels were in their hands;
16: 3 And he said unto her, Behold, I am the LORD thy God, who hath done this thing: for it is the inheritance of this man.
17: 3 And when it came to them, behold, the LORD, behold, the LORD, behold, the LORD, behold, the LORD, behold, they were not;
18: 3 And Nekal, the son of Zechariah, came in with the eyes of the LORD, and he gave them to Moses in their hands.
19: 3 And thou shalt surely be all in the midst of the earth, and all that is bright with glory, and all that is good to him, and they shall turn to him, and all the waters of the waters shall be filled with water, and all things shall be done to him that are good; they shall be given to the sons of the LORD.
20: 3 And he was in the house of the grave of the children of Israel, and the men of the tribe of Menahem, and they of Meham, were there in the midst of them, because your descendants were iniquity, and you were full of the land of the land.
21: 3 And all the people of the world, that were in the midst of the earth, were not the people, but the people of the kingdom, and the people of the land, were there in the midst of them, and they came to them in the midst of the holy month of Hagar, and Hagar was the king of Amalek, and the people of Amazad, the house of Haggab, and Saul.
22: 3 And the Levites were iniquity with the cold, and the fifth day, and they were burning up over the land, and they saw it, and they saw it, and they set the fire on them, and they were still as they were.
23: 3 And they said unto him, It is the Lord of the heavens, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the kingdoms, and of the king of Israel, and of the king of Israel, the king of Israel, and of the people of the land, and of the people of Israel.
24: 3 And they came unto Israel, and the people of Israel were there, and they brought them to Israel, and they took away the Moabites, and they took away from them their faces, and they blessed them, and they smote the Moabites.
25: 3 and Har֣im Ihr֡so and Cl-hlk֣h T֠obh Isl֨ico Ais-abn֜o and Mla֗oh and Cl-main-m֤im Ist֙mo֙ and Cl-aֽtz-t֣ob If֔ilo Ad-hsa֧ir Abn֛ih Bk֖ir Hr֑st and Is֥bo Hkla֖im and Icֽoh:
26: 3 And he saw that he was coming to you from the house of the king, because he was the king of the war, and he took away his wives, and he gave them seven hundred shekels, and he went out to the house of the king, and he returned to them, and he gave them to the people of the land, and they came to them.
27: 3 and Ikh֩ At-bn֨o Hbc֜or Asr-iml֣c Tht֗io and Ial֤ho Alh֙ Al-h֣hm֔h and Ih֥i Ktzf-gd֖ol Al-isra֑l and Isao֙ Mֽal֔io and Is֖bo Laֽrtz: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (44 verses)‬
1: 4 and As֣h Ah֣t Mns֣i Bnֽi-h֠nbiaim Tzak֨h Al-alis֜a Lam֗r Abdc֤ Aisi֙ M֔t and At֣h Id֔at C֣i Abdc֔ Hi֥h Ir֖a At-iho֑h and H֨ns֔h B֗a Lk֜ht At-sn֧i Ild֛i L֖o Labdֽim:
2: 4 And the Lord said to him, 'Is not God the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds,
3: 4 And he said to me, 'My lord, I will return to you all, from all the people of the land, from all the nations, all of them.' "[1] All of them are empty, but they are not obedient to me.
4: 4 And thou shalt bring, and thou shalt bring down the house of the LORD, and it shall be upon thee, and upon thy son, that thou shalt go out, and bring forth all the vessels of all things, and it shall be done to me, and it shall be filled with thine eyes.
5: 4 And thou shalt not be filled with him; and thou shalt turn away the blood of the flock, and in the midst of the children thereof, behold, they shall not bring forth the vessels of the earth, and they shall be with them.
6: 4 And he said, "Behold, I have given up all things, and have said unto the sons of the women, Go back to me, and now I will go back to you, and I will say unto you, Behold, I will not go down, and I will go down with you, and I will go down to the house of the fat man."
7: 4 And you shall return and worship yourself, because the man of the God is not, and he is saying to me, "Behold, I will destroy the flesh of the fat man, and I will kill you." "My wives, your wives, your wives, your children, your children, your children, your children."
8: 4 And behold, the LORD was a man, and his father was angry with them, and there was a great wife, who was great, and he gave him bread, and he gave him bread to the bread of the bread, and there was bread for him, and there was no food for him, but his bread was his bread, and his bread was his bread.
9: 4 And Adam said unto him, Behold, man, behold, we are now, that is, I am afraid: for I am afraid: for the man of God is not, for he is cruel, and he is afraid of him, and he is not afraid;
10: 4 Na'aseh-na'a, the son of Kiriath, the captain of Ketanah, and of the tribe of Shiloah, of the tribe of Simeon, of Shem-Tov, and of Shiloh, of the tribe of Nun, and of Zechariah, of Namur, and of Judah, who came in the midst of the land of Israel;
11: 4 And he said, "Behold, I am a nation, and I will return to the land of Israel, and I will go down to the land of Israel, and I will dwell in the land of the heavens."
12: 4 And he said to him, Go to Haggaz, I will go up to him, and he will come to the land, and I will return to you, and this is the land, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
13: 4 and I֣amr L֗o Amr-n֣a Alih֮ Hn֣h Hr֣dt | Alino֮ At-cl-hhrd֣h Hzat֒ M֚h Las֣ot L֔c Hi֤s Ldbr-lc֙ Al-hm֔lc A֖o Al-s֣r Htzb֑a and T֕amr Bt֥oc Am֖i Anc֥i Isֽbt:
14: 4 And he said to him, And he said to him, Do him a favor, and he said, Behold, I am angry, I am with you, and I am with you, and I am with you.
15: 4 And he said, "Come, come to me, and come to me, and I will come to you, and I will go down to the house of the king."
16: 4 And he said to him, "Do not go to this house, but this is the life of my life." "O my God!" He said to him, "Do not be angry with me, but I will be with you, and I will not be with you."
17: 4 And the women, the women, were ashamed of them, and they gave birth to them, and they did not go to this house, but this was the life of the LORD, which was as the LORD had given unto her, Elijah the LORD of hosts.
18: 4 And Gedaliah was with him, and he was with him, and he was with them, and he was with them, and he went up to his father, and brought him to the short place.
19: 4 And he said unto his father, Behold, the chief of the people is the chief of the people;
20: 4 And they brought him up, and brought him to his mother, and he that sat on his knees, went up to the porch of the sea, and came to the sea.
21: 4 And thou shalt go up, and thou shalt lie down, and bring him down to heaven, and he shall not die, and the sword of the LORD shall be gone, and thou shalt go down in the midst of him, and thou shalt bring him forth.
22: 4 And it shall come to pass, unto the man, that thou shalt say, Thou shalt send it; for I will be with thee, even the children of the children, and the men of the sons of the children, and the men of the flock, and the ark of the flock, even unto the sword of the God, and of the fire of the sword.
23: 4 And he said, "I am the Lord of the earth, and the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, and of the Lord,
24: 4 And thou shalt not be ashamed, but thou shalt not be angry; and thou shalt say unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go out; and I will come unto thee, thou shalt not be mighty; for I will not be blessed; for if thou art my mother, I will give thee rest.
25: 4 and T֗lc and Tb֛oa Al-a֥is Halh֖im Al-h֣r Hcrm֑l and ֠ihi Cra֨ot Ais-halh֤im Ath֙ Mn֔gd and I֙amr֙ Al-gihz֣i Nar֔o Hn֖h Hsonm֥it Hlֽz:
26: 4 When the Lord, the Lord of the Most High, came down to Abraham, saying, "Behold, I am saying unto you, I pray thee, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
27: 4 and Tb֞a Al-a֤is Hֽalhim֙ Al-hh֔r and ֽthz֖k Brgl֑io and Ig֨s Gֽihz֜i Lhdf֗h and Iamr֩ A֨is Halh֤im Hrfֽh-lh֙ Cֽi-nfs֣h Mֽrh-l֔h and ֽihoh֙ Hal֣im Mm֔ni and L֥a Hg֖id Lֽi:
28: 4 And I will say, I will bring the children of Israel into the house of Adonai. Behold, I am not worthy of seeing you, but I am not worthy of you.
29: 4 and I֨amr Lgihz֜i Hg֣r Mtn֗ic and K֨h Msant֣i Bidc֮ and Lc֒ Cֽi-tmtz֥a Ais֙ L֣a Tbrc֔no and Cֽi-ibrcc֥ A֖is L֣a Tann֑o and Smt֥ Msant֖i Al-fn֥i Hnֽar:
30: 4 And I will say, I will be with you, and I will be with you.
31: 4 And Gehazai, the servant of the tribe of Israel, turned to them, and he brought the charge of the land to the land of the people, and he returned to them, and he returned to his land, and he returned to his place of worship. And Haggadah came to him, and he returned to him, and he returned to him.
32: 4 And Abyssinia came to him, saying, "Behold, I will come to you, and behold, I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you."
33: 4 And Abba came, and the young men were scattered in the midst of their two years, and they came to pray unto the LORD.
34: 4 And he went up and fell upon the children, and put his feet on his feet, and his eyes looked down upon his eyes, and covered him with his hands, and forced him on his feet, and the fire became hot in the heat of the sea.
35: 4 and I֜sb and I֣lc Bb֗it Ah֥t H֙nh֙ and Ah֣t H֔nh and I֖al and Igh֣r Al֑io and Izor֤r Hn֙ar֙ Ad-s֣ba Fam֔im and Ifk֥h Hn֖ar At-ainֽio:
36: 4 And he came to the house of Gehazi, and he said to him, "Behold, I will go down to the house of Heshonam, and this is the land, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will come to you, and I will say to you, 'Behold, I am your son.'
37: 4 And it came to pass, and he fell upon the foot of his feet, and took his wife to the ground, and took the son of her daughter, and she cut off her hand.
38: 4 and Alis֞a S֤b Hglg֙lh֙ and Hra֣b Ba֔rtz and Bni֙ Hnbia֔im Isb֖im Lfn֑io and I֣amr Lnar֗o Sft֙ Hs֣ir Hgdol֔h and Bs֥l Nz֖id Lbn֥i Hnbiaֽim:
39: 4 and Itz֨a Ah֣d Al-hsdh֮ Llk֣t Art֒ and Imtza֙ G֣fn Sd֔h and Ilk֥t Mm֛no Fka֥t Sd֖h Ml֣a Bgd֑o and Ib֗a and Ifl֛h Al-s֥ir Hnz֖id Cֽi-l֥a Idֽao:
40: 4 And the people of the tribe of Israel went up to eat, and they were like the food of the goats, and they said to them, "Behold, you have been circumcised, and they have said to him, 'You have not seen any sinner, yet there is a sword of God, and this is not enough for you to eat."
41: 4 And he said unto him, Take thee, and go down to the wall of the wall, and say, The people shall be thirsty, and they shall eat it; and it shall not come to pass;
42: 4 And there was a man of the tribe of Sheba, who came to Sheba, and came to Israel, because the people of God were there, because they were not in the house of the children of Israel, but they were in the midst of the people of Israel, and the people of Israel were in their midst, and the people of Israel were in their midst, and the people of Israel were there.
43: 4 And the LORD said unto him, Thou shalt not be satisfied with him; for he hath given unto thee, and he hath given it unto him, and he hath given it to him: and he hath given it to him: and he hath given it to him.
44: 4 And they gave them bread before them, and they were consumed, and they were saved, as the LORD commanded them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 5   (27 verses)‬
1: 5 and ֠namn Sr-tzb֨a Mֽlc-ar֜m Hi֣h Ais֩ Gd֨ol Lfn֤i Adnio֙ and Ns֣a Fn֔im Cֽi-b֛o Nֽtn-iho֥h Tsoa֖h Lar֑m and Ha֗is Hi֛h Gb֥or H֖il Mtzrֽa:
2: 5 And Aram rose up, and went out, and redeemed him, and he returned, and he was not with the children of Israel, but Naaratha, Ketanah, and Leah, were there, so that the sons of Na'amah were there.
3: 5 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt be glad, O God, I pray thee, O God, I pray thee, and I will answer thee: thou shalt not bear witness;
4: 5 And Abba came, and glorified him, saying unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go down; and behold, this is the word of the Lord, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the earth of the earth, the earth of Israel.
5: 5 and I֤amr Mֽlc-arm֙ Lc-b֔a and Aslh֥h S֖fr Al-m֣lc Isra֑l and Ilc֩ and Ik֨h Bid֜o A֣sr Ccri-c֗sf and S֤st Alfim֙ Zh֔b and A֖sr Hlif֥ot Bgdֽim:
6: 5 and Ib֣a Hs֔fr Al-m֥lc Isra֖l Lam֑r and At֗h Cb֨oa Hs֤fr Hzh֙ Al֔ic Hn֨h Sl֤hti Al֙ic֙ At-nam֣n Abd֔i and Asft֖o Mtzratֽo:
7: 5 and Ih֡i Ckra֩ Mֽlc-isra֨l At-hs֜fr and Ikr֣a Bgd֗io and I֙amr֙ Halh֥im A֙ni֙ Lhm֣it and ֽlhhi֔ot Cֽi-zh֙ Sl֣h Al֔i Las֥f A֖is Mtzֽrat֑o C֤i Ac-daֽo-na֙ and Ra֔o Cֽi-mtan֥h H֖oa Lֽi:
8: 5 and Ih֞i Csm֣a | Alis֣a Ais-halh֗im Cֽi-kr֤a Mֽlc-isral֙ At-bgd֔io and Islh֙ Al-hm֣lc Lam֔r L֥mh Kr֖at Bgd֑ic Ibֽa-n֣a Al֔i and Id֕a C֛i I֥s Nb֖ia Bisraֽl:
9: 5 And Abba the son of Na'aman came to him in his horse, and he gave him strength, and blessed him, and he went to the gate of the house, and went to the threshing floor.
10: 5 And the LORD, the God of God, came to him, saying, "Come, I will return to you, and I will come to you, and I will go to you, and I will go out to you, and I will go to you, and I will go to the land of Israel, and I will return to you."
11: 5 and Iktz֥f Nam֖n and Il֑c and Iamr֩ Hn֨h Am֜rti Al֣i | Itz֣a Itz֗oa and Amd֙ and Kra֙ Bsm-iho֣h Alh֔io and Hn֥if Id֛o Al-hmk֖om and As֥f Hmtzrֽa:
12: 5 Behold, thou shalt be good, O son of Abraham, and thou shalt be a vulture, and thou shalt not drink any of the water; but the children of Israel shall not receive it;
13: 5 And his servants came to him, and he spoke to him, saying unto him, Say, 'My father, my lord, I am saying,' Lord, I am mighty, and I am not with thee, but thou shalt not see thy eyes: neither shall I be afraid of thee, nor do I know thee: and I will come to thee, and thou shalt not be angry with me.
14: 5 And he rose up, and was baptized in the midst of the sea, when the children of the people were afraid, so that the people of God were not ashamed, and he returned to the flesh of his flesh, when he was ashamed of them, and the children of the children of Israel were angry with them.
15: 5 and Isb֩ Al-a֨is Halh֜im H֣oa and Cֽl-mhn֗ho and Iba֮ and Iam֣d Lfnio֒ and I֗amr Hnh-n֤a Id֙ati֙ C֣i A֤in Alhim֙ Bcl-ha֔rtz C֖i Am-bisra֑l and At֛h Kh-n֥a Brc֖h Ma֥t Abdֽc:
16: 5 And he said unto the living of the LORD, Behold, I am with thee, that I may bow before him, and I will be with him, and his son shall be broken, and he shall be afraid, and they shall be afraid of them.
17: 5 and Iamr֮ Namn֒ and L֕a Itn-n֣a Labdc֔ Ms֥a Tzֽmd-frd֖im Adm֑h C֡i Lֽoa-iash֩ A֨od Abdc֜ Al֤h and Z֙bh֙ Lalh֣im Ahr֔im C֖i Am-lihoֽh:
18: 5 Ldb֣r Hz֔h Isl֥h Iho֖h Labd֑c Bb֣oa Adn֣i Bit-rmon֩ Lhsthoֺ֨t S֜mh and H֣oa | Nsa֣n Al-id֗i and Hֽstho֙iti֙ B֣it Rm֔n Bhsthoi֙ti֙ B֣it Rm֔n Islh- * Please Iho֥h Labdc֖ Bdb֥r Hzֽh:
19: 5 And he said unto him, Let him go to thee, and let him go, and he shall bring thee out of his house, so that he may be buried.
20: 5 and I֣amr Gihz֗i Nar֮ Alis֣a Ais-halhim֒ Hn֣h | Hs֣c Adn֗i Aֽt-nam֤n Hֽarmi֙ Hz֔h Mk֥ht Mid֖o A֣t Asr-hb֑ia Hi-ihoh֙ Cֽi-am-r֣tzti Ahr֔io and Lkht֥i Mat֖o Maֽomh:
21: 5 And he went down to Gehaz, and after that he saw another man, and he saw it, and he saw it, and he saw it, and he saw it, and he saw it, and he saw it, and saw it, and it was still there, and he was not afraid of it, and he was afraid of it.
22: 5 and I֣amr | Sl֗om Adni֮ Slh֣ni Lamr֒ Hn֣h At֡h Z֠h B֣ao Al֧i Snֽi-nar֛im Mh֥r Afr֖im Mbn֣i Hnbia֑im Tnh-n֤a Lhm֙ Ccr-c֔sf and St֖i Hlf֥ot Bgdֽim:
23: 5 and I֣amr Nam֔n Hoa֖l K֣h Ccr֑im and Ifrtz-b֗o and Itzr֩ Ccr֨im C֜sf Bsn֣i Hrt֗im and Sti֙ Hlf֣ot Bgd֔im and Itn֙ Al-sn֣i Nar֔io and Isa֖o Lfnֽio:
24: 5 And it came to pass, that the light of the darkness came, and they were afraid of them, and they gave up their hearts, and took away the men, and turned them away.
25: 5 And it came to pass, and they went down unto his master, and he said unto him, 'Is not the man of the tribe of Israel a man of strength?' "And he said," Behold, I am not your servant, but you are not here, nor are you. "
26: 5 and I֤amr Alio֙ La-lb֣i Hl֔c Cas֧r Hֽfc-a֛is Ma֥l Mrcbt֖o Lkrat֑c Ha֞t Lk֤ht At-hc֙sf֙ and Lk֣ht Bgd֔im and Zit֤im and Crmim֙ and Tz֣an and Bk֔r and Abd֖im and Sfhֽot:
27: 5 And the people of Na'ath, the people of Tham, were blessed with you, and they were not in your flock, because they were high, and they came out of the midst of the land, and they were in the land of Tire.
‪xxxx  Chapter 6   (33 verses)‬
1: 6 And the sons of the sons of the prophets said unto him, Come unto the LORD, and let him go, let us go, and we will not die: for we will not be ashamed, for we will not be with thee, for they are not before thee.
2: 6 We have gone down to the land of Mordecai, and we have taken them there; for there is no man, but there is no one but them. And they did not do anything to them, because they were not afraid of them, because they were in their midst, and they said to them,
3: 6 And he said unto him, Behold, I am the son of Abraham, the Lord of the worlds, and I will make thee thy servant, and I will say unto thee, Behold, I am not with thee.
4: 6 And you shall go after them, and they shall bring them, and they shall be turned down, and they shall be cut off, and the people shall be destroyed.
5: 6 And there was the one, the one, the one, the captain, the captain, the captain, the man, and the man of the land, and he went down to the land, and he came to the valley, and said, 'Behold, I am with you, Adonai, and behold, this is not enough.'
6: 6 And the man of God said, Surely this is not a man, but he saw it, and saw it; and he cut down the wood, and cut down a tree, and it fell upon thee, and it came to pass, and the land was full of rain.
7: 6 And the LORD said unto the LORD, Behold, thou shalt not be ashamed of the hand of his hand; and he shall take it away.
6: 6 And your children went to them, but they were there, and they went to them in Israel, and they came to him, and they came to the house of Abed, and they returned to Ammon, to Makom, and to Phnomatha, to Elmonah, and to Tahtnioth.
9: 6 And when the man of God died, he came to the house of the Israelite king, saying unto him, Is it not that he hath turned away from the house of the wicked, that they may be destroyed, that they may not be destroyed?
10: 6 And the Israelites, the king of Israel, went out of their way to destroy the land of Israel, so that the people of Israel were not there, and warned, and warned them, and they did not return to their land, nor did they enter into the land of Israel.
11: 6 And he went up to the house of the LORD, and gave him the land of the land, and he came to his house, unto his servants, and he said unto them, Behold, they shall not be ashamed;
12: 6 And I֙amr֙ Ah֣d Mֽabd֔io L֖oa Adn֣i Hm֑lc Cֽi-alis֤a Hnbia֙ As֣r Bisra֔l Igid֙ Lm֣lc Isra֔l At-h֨dbr֔im As֥r Tdb֖r Bhd֥r Mscbֽc:
13: 6 And he said unto him, See, and behold, thou shalt not see it, and behold it, and take it away, and take it, and it shall be gathered up for it, and it shall come to pass, and it shall be in thy law.
14: 6 And they sent a scepter to Moses, and they came to him, and they went to the house, and they came to him, and they came to him, and they came to him, and went to the fire.
15: 6 And ֠iscm Msr֨t A֥is Hֽalhim֮ Lkom֒ and Itz֕a and Hnh-h֛il Sob֥b At-ha֖ir and S֣os and R֑cb and I֨amr Nar֥o Al֛io Ah֥h Adn֖i Aic֥h Nֽasֽh:
16: 6 And he said unto him, Thou shalt not go, for many are many, and I have married, and I have seen you, and I have not seen them;
17: 6 And Itfl֤l Alisa֙ and Iam֔r Iho֕h Fkh-n֥a At-ain֖io and Ira֑h and Ifk֤h Ihoh֙ At-ain֣i Hn֔ar and I֗ra and Hn֨h Hh֜r Ml֨a Sos֥im and R֛cb A֖s Sbib֥t Alisֽa:
18: 6 And they went down to him, and the Lord asked him, "Did you not go to the LORD?" He said to him, "Do not judge the people of this land, but they are in danger, and they will be ashamed of them, as the Lord will judge the wicked."
19: 6 And he said to them, 'Is not the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds!'
20: 6 And it came to pass, as they were, that they were safe, and the LORD said unto them, Behold, O LORD, behold, thou shalt see the eyes of his eyes, and see him: and Jehovah hath given them to them, and they have seen them, and they have seen them, and they have given her daughter the daughter of the children of Samaria.
21: 6 And he said, I pray thee, O Israel, I pray thee unto the LORD, that I may see him, and I will see him, and I will kill them.
22: 6 And I֙amr֙ L֣a Tc֔h Has֥r Sb֛it Bhrbc֥ and ֽbkstc֖ At֣h Mc֑h Sim֩ L֨hm and M֜im Lfnih֗m and Iֽaclo֙ and Ist֔o and Ilc֖o Al-adnihֽm:
23: 6 And Icr֨h Lh֜m Cr֣h Gdol֗h and Iֽaclo֙ and Ist֔o and ֽislh֔m and Ilc֖o Al-adֽnih֑m and Lֽa-i֤sfo Aod֙ Gdod֣i Ar֔m Lb֖oa Ba֥rtz Israֽl: P.
24: 6 And I will be with you after all this, and the son of the son of David will gather all the children of Israel, and he will bring him out of all his tent, and he will go out to him, and he will besiege his guard.
25: 6 And there was a wicked man, a great man, who was in the midst of the wilderness, and the people of the land, and the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
26: 6 And I will be the king of Israel, and he will go up to the house of the king, and the wife of the LORD shall cry unto him, and unto him shall the LORD be faithful.
27: 6 And he said, I pray thee, O LORD, I pray thee, O LORD, I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength.
28: 6 And the Lord said unto him, Behold, I will go unto thee, and thou shalt say unto the woman, Behold, this is what thou hast said, saying, Behold, thou art thine own son, and have been circumcised, and are not the children of the children, nor of the children of the children.
29: 6 And we shall wash the children of the children, and we will eat them, and they will not feed them, neither shall they be ashamed of them, neither shall you be ashamed of them, but give them to your children, and you shall not be consumed, and you shall bring your son to death.
30: 6 And it was as if the people had taken away the word of the woman, and he had taken off his clothes, and he had taken away his clothes, and he had given them bread to the bread, and he had given it to him, and he gave it to him, which was burning on the flesh of his flesh.
31: 6 And Moses said to her, Do not do it, and God will not be afraid, and so will Joseph, the son of David, go up against the fire of the sword of Elash, the son of Shaphat, on his feet, for he is his enemy.
32: 6 And Alisa֙ Is֣b Bbit֔o and Hzkn֖im Isb֣im At֑o and Isl֨h A֜is Mlfn֗io Bt֣rm Iba֩ Hmla֨c Al֜io and H֣oa | Am֣r Al-hzkn֗im Hraitm֙ Cֽi-sl֞h Bn-hֽmrtz֤h Hzh֙ Lhs֣ir At-ras֔i Ra֣o | Cb֣a Hmla֗c Sgr֤o Hd֙lt֙ and Lhtzt֤m Ato֙ Bd֔lt Hl֗oa K֛ol Rgl֥i Adn֖io Ahrֽio:
33: 6 O God, behold, it is not with the people, nor with them, nor with them, nor with the people, but with them, and to them, and to them, and to them, and to them, saying: 'Behold, I will give you the land of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.'
‪xxxx  Chapter 7   (20 verses)‬
1: 7 And the word of the LORD came to him, saying, Hear, thou shalt not speak unto me, O LORD, O LORD, thou shalt be afraid of the LORD, and he shall be with thee, and he shall not be satisfied;
2: 7 and I֣an Hsl֡is Asr-lmlc֩ Nsa֨n Al-id֜o At-a֣is Halhim֮ and Iamr֒ Hn֣h Iho֗h As֤h Arbot֙ Bsm֔im Hihi֖h Hdb֣r Hz֑h and I֗amr Hnc֤h Rah֙ Bain֔ic and Ms֖m L֥a Tacֽl: S.
3: 7 And the four men were men, and they were not the one who was thirsty; they were seven hundred years old, and they were saying, And they said, There is a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, and a man;
4: 7 Am-amrno֩ Nb֨oa Ha֜ir and Hra֤b Bair֙ and M֣tno S֔m and Am-is֥bno F֖h and M֑tno and At֗h Lco֙ and Nflh֙ Al-mhn֣h Ar֔m Am-ihi֣no Nֽhi֔h and Am-imit֖no and Mֽtno:
5: 7 And the son of the son of Levi came to him, and brought him to the house of Laban, and they came to her from the camp, and they saw them, and they came to them, and they came to them, but they were not, and they were with them, and they saw them, but they were not.
6: 7 and Adn֞i Hsm֣ia | At-mhn֣h Ar֗m K֥ol R֙cb֙ K֣ol S֔os K֖ol H֣il Gd֑ol and Iamr֞o A֣is Al-ah֗io Hn֣h Sֽcr-alino֩ M֨lc Isra֜l At-mlc֧i Hht֛im and At-mlc֥i Mtzr֖im Lb֥oa Alֽino:
7: 7 And they stood up, and they were defeated by the sorcerer, and they took away their tents, and they took them away, and they took them away, and they took them away, and they took them away from the camp, as they were, and they, and they were defeated, to Nappash,
8: 7 and Ibao֩ Hֽmtzra֨im Ha֜lh Ad-ktz֣h Hֽmhn֗h and Ib֜ao Al-a֤hl Ahd֙ and Iacl֣o and Ist֔o and Isa֣o Ms֗m C֤sf and Zhb֙ and Bgd֔im and Ilc֖o and Itm֑no and Is֗bo and Ib֙ao֙ Al-a֣hl Ah֔r and Isa֣o Ms֔m and Ilc֖o and Itmֽno:
9: 7 and Iamro֩ A֨is Al-ra֜ho Lֽa-c֣n | An֣hno As֗im Hi֤om Hzh֙ Iom-bsr֣h H֔oa and An֣hno Mhs֗im and Hc֛ino Ad-a֥or Hb֖kr and Mtza֣no Ao֑on and Ath֙ Lc֣o and Nb֔ah and Ng֖idh B֥it Hmֽlc:
10: 7 and Ib֗ao and ֽikrao֮ Al-sa֣r Hair֒ and Ig֤ido Lhm֙ Lam֔r B֚ano Al-mhn֣h Ar֔m and Hn֥h Aֽin-s֛m A֖is and K֣ol Ad֑m C֣i Am-hs֤os Asor֙ and Hhm֣or As֔or and Ahl֖im Casr-hֽmh:
11: 7 And he came to the house of the Levites, and raised up the mountains, and brought them to the house, and they came to you in their midst.
12: 7 and I֨km Hm֜lc L֗ilh and I֙amr֙ Al-abd֔io Agֽidh-n֣a Lc֔m A֛t Asr-a֥so L֖no Ar֑m Ida֞o Ci-rab֣im An֗hno and Itza֤o Mn-hֽmhnh֙ Lhhb֤h * Bhsdh ** Bsdh֙ Lam֔r Cֽi-itza֤o Mn-hair֙ and Ntfs֣m Hi֔im and Al-ha֖ir Nbֽa:
13: 7 and Ian֩ Ah֨d Mabd֜io and I֗amr and Ikho-n֞a Hms֣h Mn-hsosim֮ Hֽnsarim֮ As֣r Nsaro-bh֒ Hn֗m Ccl- * ** Hm֤on Isral֙ crowd As֣r Nsaro-b֔h Hn֕m Ccl-hm֥on Isra֖l Asr-t֑mo and Nslh֖h and Nraֽh:
14: 7 And he took it, and he took it, and he took it, and he took it away, and took it away, and it came to pass after it, after it came to me, that they had given it to them, that they were not able to see it, and they saw it.
15: 7 and Ilc֣o Ahrihm֮ Ad-hirdn֒ and Hn֣h Cl-hd֗rc Mla֤h Bgdim֙ and Cl֔im Asr-hsl֥ico Ar֖m * Bhhfzm ** Bhfz֑m and Is֙bo֙ Hmlac֔im and Ig֖do Lmֽlc:
16: 7 And he gave up the land, and they brought it to them, and they gave it to them, and they saw it, and there was a looming wall in the basket, and they were stoned, and they were lying in the midst of the sea, as the LORD had commanded him.
17: 7 and Hmlc֩ Hfk֨id At-hsl֜is Asr-nsa֤n Al-ido֙ Al-hs֔ar and Irms֧ho Ha֛m Bs֖ar and Im֑t Cas֤r Dbr֙ A֣is Halh֔im As֣r Db֔r Br֥dt Hm֖lc Alֽio:
18: 7 And it came to pass, when it was said, Is the man of God the God of the LORD, saying unto the king, Come to the mother of the people of Samaria, that they may be raised in the light of the light? And the scepter shall be silenced, and in the light of the light, there shall be a rainbow, and it shall be hot with rain;
19: 7 and I֨an Hsl֜is At-a֣is Halhim֮ and Iamr֒ and Hn֣h Iho֗h As֤h Arbot֙ Bsm֔im Hihi֖h Cdb֣r Hz֑h and I֗amr Hnc֤ Rah֙ Bain֔ic and Ms֖m L֥a Tacֽl:
20: 7 And he was with him, so that he might be angry with him, and he rebelled against him, and his anger was with him, and with his anger, and with his anger.
‪xxxx  Chapter 8   (29 verses)‬
1: 8 and Alis֡a Db֣r Al-hash֩ Asr-hhi֨h At-bn֜h Lam֗r K֤omi and Lci֙ * me ** A֣t and Bit֔c and G֖ori Bas֣r Tg֑ori Cֽi-kr֤a Ihoh֙ Lֽra֔b and Gm-b֥a Al-ha֖rtz S֥ba Snֽim:
2: 8 And thou shalt surely arise, O God, the Lord of the earth, and thou shalt bear witness, because the man of the God is the God of the LORD, and he hath turned thee away: she hath given birth to him, and hath been beggar in the land of Phleeshath;
3: 8 And there was a certain portion of them that was in the midst of the two tribes, and the tribe of Hashim returned from the land of the Philistines, and they came out, and went out to Zion, to the king, to go to the house of her, and to her own land.
4: 8 And he said unto thee, Tell us, I am afraid of the man of God, saying, I am not saying, Siferah, we are not; for it is not all the greatness of the things which the LORD hath done.
5: 8 and ֠ihi H֥oa Msf֣r Lmlc֮ A֣t Asr-hhi֣h At-hmt֒ and Hn֨h Has֜h Asr-hhi֤h At-bnh֙ Tza֣kt Al-hm֔lc Al-bit֖h and Al-sd֑h and I֤amr Gֽhzi֙ Adn֣i Hm֔lc Z֚at [c] Hֽas֔h and Zh-bn֖h Asr-hhi֥h Alisֽa:
6: 8 and Isa֥l Hm֛lc Las֖h and Tsfr-l֑o and Itn-l֣h Hmlc֩ Sr֨is Ah֜d Lam֗r Hs֤ib At-cl-asr-lh֙ and At֙ Cl-tboa֣t Hsd֔h Mi֛om Azb֥h At-ha֖rtz and Ad-aֽth: P.
7: 8 And the LORD came to him, saying, "Behold, I love thee, and the son of the LORD, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David, the son of Aaron, the son of Judah, and the son of David.
8: 8 And he said unto him, Go down to the house of the LORD, and let him go to the house of the LORD, and he shall come unto thee, and he shall not come down to thee, for thou art the man of the God of God, and of the Lord of the LORD, the Lord of the LORD, the LORD of the LORD, the Lord of the LORD, the LORD of hosts!
9: 8 and I֣lc Hzal֮ Lkrato֒ and Ik֨h Mnh֤h Bido֙ and Cl-t֣ob Dm֔sk Ms֖a Arba֣im Gm֑l and Iba֙ and Iam֣d Lfn֔io and I֗amr Bnc֨ [c] Bn-hd֤d Mֽlc-arm֙ Slh֤ni Al֙ic֙ Lam֔r Hahi֖h Mhl֥i Zֽh:
10: 8 And the Lord said unto him, Thou shalt not go down unto thee, saying, Thou shalt not say: Behold, thou shalt live, thou shalt live thyself, and see me, O Jehovah, I pray thee;
11: 8 And he raised his face before him, and it was he who made it up to the house of the king, and he came to you, and the people of God were destroyed.
12: 8 and I֣amr Hza֔l Md֖oa Adn֣i Bc֑h and I֡amr Cֽi-id֡ati A֣t Asr-tash֩ Lbn֨i Isra֜l Ra֗h Mbtzrih֞m Tsl֤h Bas֙ and Bhֽrihm֙ Bh֣rb Thr֔g and Allih֣m Trt֔s and Hrtih֖m Tbkֽa:
13: 8 And he said, "Behold, I am your servant, because he is your servant, because he is the servant of the Lord, the Lord of the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the fearful.
14: 8 And it came to pass, from the place of Elias, that he came, and he came unto him, unto his lord, and to him, and he said unto him, Behold, thou art truthful, and thy lord is the LORD of hosts. And he said unto him, Behold, I am saying unto thee, Behold, I live unto thee.
15: 8 And he went to the house of the king, and the king said to him, "I will not be ashamed of you." And he turned his face on his face, and he died, and he died, and he returned to you.
16: 8 And when the son of Ahabash was born, the son of Ahab, the king of Israel, went up to him, and Jehoshaphat came away from you, Yahweh, and he returned to you, the son of Yoֹשש֖֖֖֥֥, the son of Yהוהושּׁׁ֖֖֖֖֖֖֖, from the house of Yahweh, the son of Judah.
17: 8 The son of Shiloh, and he who lived in the kingdom, was there in his kingdom, and his name was on it, so that they could not be destroyed in their midst.
18: 8 And he went into the land of the land of the land of the land of Israel, and as a result of the land of Asah, the son of Asah, the son of Ahasab, the son of Ahath, the daughter of Ahah, the son of Ahadaih, of blessed memory, the wife of Leah, the wife of the son of Judah, came down to the house of the LORD.
19: 8 And Jehovah, the LORD, hath given him to bring forth Judah, and he hath given unto him his servant, because he is like a woman, but he is not worthy of his name, nor is he worthy of him, for he is his son, and he is the son of all the children.
20: 8 8 In his days was Pashah the man of the nation, and he died of the hand of Yahweh, the LORD of Judah, and he gave them to his people, because they were not from you.
21: 8 And Abed rose up to the ground, and went to the river, and all the mountains were with him, and they were with them, and they were there, so that they were able to return to him, and he brought them to him, and he brought them back to him, and the men were captivated by him.
22: 8 And the people of Idoam died, but the children of Judah were afraid of them, because this is the day of the Day of Resurrection, and this is what is happening, and this is why the children of Israel are afraid of this.
23: 8 And the word of the word of the LORD shall be given to them, and all the men of the world shall do as they have done, and they shall not be put to death, but they shall repent to the people of the wilderness, and they shall speak to them, and they shall come to the kingdom of Yahweh.
24: 8 And he dwelt among the LORD with his father, and he dwelt with his father, and he was with him in the fire of the fire of David, and he returned to the house of his brethren with him;
25: 8 In the twelve of the nineteen nineteen years, when the son of Ahasab, the son of Ahazab, became king of Israel, the king of Israel came to him, because of his brother, son of Yahweh, because of them, because of the inheritance of Yahweh,
26: 8 And the son of Asher, and his wife, and his wife, were with him in the kingdom of Israel, and they had been married to them, and they had given birth to them in the city of Jerusalem, and their mother had given them up.
27: 8 And he went in the way of the tribe of Ahath, the father of the tribe, and he made the land of the land in the eyes of the LORD, the LORD of hosts, and of the tribe of Ahahabab, because they were the children of Ahathabah.
28: 8 And he took Jehoram, son of Ahahabab, to battle with them, and they were with them, and they were not with you, but they were in Aram, and they were in the valley, and they were with you, and they brought up their fire.
29: 8 and Isb֩ Ior֨m Hm֜lc Lhtrf֣a Bizra֗al Mn-hmcim֙ As֨r Ic֤ho Armim֙ Bֽrm֔h Bhl֣hm֔o At-hzha֖l M֣lc Ar֑m and Ahzi֨ho Bn-ihor֜m M֣lc Ihod֗h Ir֡d Lra֞ot At-ior֧m Bn-aha֛b Bizra֖al Cֽi-hl֥h Hֽoa: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 9   (37 verses)‬
1: 9 And Elijah, the son of the son of Israel, came to the house of the son of Nebuchadneh, the son of Nabi, the son of Nabhiah, and he said to him, "Behold, I will be glad to see you, and I will take your hand in this hand, and this will be in your hands, and I will return to you forever."
2: 9 And I will bring you the name of the LORD, and I will see you, the son of Yֹהושפפ֜֜֜֜֜֜ son of Nממ֗֗֗֗֗ ו ו ו ו֙֙֙֙֙֙הה ֽֽֽֽ֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙הההההה֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙ [[[[[[[[[[[[֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙
3: 9 and Lkht֤ Fc-hs֙mn֙ and Itzkt֣ Al-ras֔o and Aֽmrt֙ Cֽh-am֣r Iho֔h Msht֥icֽ Lm֖lc Al-isra֑l and Ftht֥ Hd֛lt and N֖sth and L֥a Thcֽh:
4: 9 And it came to pass, that the children were awake, and the men were awake, and they were high;
5: 9 And it came to pass, and behold, it was the minister of the land; and he said, "Behold, I will return to you, and I will say to you, Lord, be it, I pray thee, O God, that I may return to you, and I will return to you." And he said, "Behold, I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
6: 9 and I֙km֙ and Ib֣a Hb֔ith and Itz֥k Hs֖mn Al-ras֑o and I֣amr L֗o Cֽh-am֤r Ihoh֙ Alh֣i Isra֔l Msht֧icֽ Lm֛lc Al-a֥m Iho֖h Al-israֽl:
7: 9 And I will give you a gift, and I will give you a gift, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
8: 9 And Abed, all the children of Ahabab, and became acquainted with Ahab, the one who was in the house of Zechariah, and Azur, and Boaz, and Boaz, were in Israel;
9: 9 And it came to pass, that thou shalt bring the daughter of Ahathabeth to the house of Abbaath, but son of Nabath, and the son of Laban, the son of Ahijah, her daughter.
10: 9 And Izzel the king shall not be consumed, but the king shall be in the midst of the thorns, and he shall be afraid, and he shall not be angry, and he shall be put to death, and the LORD shall be put to death.
11: 9 and Ih֗oa Itza֙ Al-abd֣i Adn֔io and I֤amr Lo֙ Hsl֔om Md֛oa Bֽa-hmsg֥a Hz֖h Al֑ic and I֣amr Alih֔m At֛m Idat֥m At-ha֖is and At-sihֽo:
12: 9 And he said unto him, Behold, this is the wall of the greatness: for we are not with thee, and this is the commandment, and this is the commandment, and the commandment is not, but the light is upon me, and it is not the light of the LORD, but the LORD, the LORD, is the LORD, the LORD thy God, the LORD thy God, and thy God, and thy God.
13: 9 And they went down to him, and they took him, and there was a man in his greatness, and he brought them to the ground, and they came to the house of Gertrude, saying, "Come on, I will go down, and you will not be stuck in the wilderness, neither shall I say this, nor will you be afraid."
14: 9 and Itks֗r Ih֛oa Bn-ihosf֥t Bn-nms֖i Al-ior֑m and Iorm֩ Hi֨h Sm֜r Brm֣t Gla֗d H֚oa and Cl-isra֔l Mfn֥i Hza֖l Mֽlc-arֽm:
15: 9 and Isb֩ Ihor֨m Hm֜lc Lhtrf֣a Bizra֗al Mn-hmcim֙ As֣r Ic֣ho Arm֔im Bhl֣hm֔o At-hza֖l M֣lc Ar֑m and I֤amr Ihoa֙ Am-i֣s Nfsc֔m Al-itz֤a Flit֙ Mn-ha֔ir Ll֖ct * ** Lhg֥id Bizraֽal: tendon
16: 9 And he blessed the LORD, and he turned to thee, and gave him a curse: for, behold, they were born, and they were not in the house of the LORD, and they were not in the house of the LORD, and they were in the house of the LORD, and they were not in the house of Jehovah.
17: 9 and Htzfh֩ Am֨d Aֽl-hmgd֜l Bizra֗al and I֞ra At-sfa֤t Ihoa֙ Bba֔o and I֕amr Sfa֖t An֣i Ra֑h and I֣amr Ihor֗m K֥h Rc֛b and ֽsl֥h Lkrat֖m and Iam֥r Hslֽom:
18: 9 and Ilc֩ Rc֨b Hs֜os Lkrat֗o and I֙amr֙ Cֽh-am֤r Hm֙lc֙ Hsl֔om and I֧amr Ih֛oa Mh-lc֥ and Lsl֖om S֣b Aֽl-ahr֑i and Ig֤d Htzfh֙ Lam֔r Bֽa-hmla֥c Ad-h֖m and Lֽa-sֽb:
19: 9 And he went up to Rehoboth, the son of Sosai, the son of Levi, and brought them unto them: and he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt say unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go, saying, Behold, thou shalt not see what thy God hath done unto thee, and thou shalt not go astray.
20: 9 And Haggadah the Tzofah, the son of Amor, rebuked the people of Adonai, and they went to them, and they did not go out, as they had done to them, so that the son of Nimshai went out, because he was in the midst of the wilderness.
21: 9 and I֤amr Ihorm֙ As֔r and Ias֖r Rcb֑o and Itz֣a Ihor֣m Mֽlc-i֠sral and Ahzi֨ho Mֽlc-ihod֜h A֣is Brcb֗o and Iֽtzao֙ Lkr֣at Ih֔oa and Imtza֔ho Bhlk֖t Nb֥ot Hizraalֽi:
22: 9 And behold, when he saw the words of the LORD, he saw the LORD, and he said, "Behold, I will die, and I will die." And he said, "Behold, I am saying to you, 'Do not be angry with me.'" "What is the matter with your mother?" And his sword was destroyed.
23: 9 And Jehoah, the son of Jehoram, gave him his hand, and his anger, and his anger, and he said to his brother, Behold, I am afraid of her, because she is my brother.
24: 9 And behold, behold, he was not a man, but he was with him, and he was with him, and he brought him to the LORD, and he gave him the seed of his anger, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him for his heart, and he blessed it with his blessing.
25: 9 and I֗amr Al-bdkr֙ * Three ** Sֽls֔o S֚a Hslc֔ho Bhlk֕t Sd֖h Nb֣ot Hizraal֑i Cֽi-zc֞r An֣i and A֗th A֣t Rcb֤im Tzmdim֙ Aֽhri֙ Aha֣b Ab֔io and ֽihoh֙ Ns֣a Al֔io At-hms֖a Hzֽh:
26: 9 Am-l֡a At-dm֣i Nbot֩ and At-dm֨i Bn֜io Ra֤iti A֙ms֙ Nam-iho֔h and Slmt֥i Lc֛ Bhlk֥h Hz֖at Nam-iho֑h and At֗h S֧a Hslc֛ho Bhlk֖h Cdb֥r Ihoֽh:
27: 9 and Ahzi֤h Mֽlc-ihodh֙ Ra֔h and I֕ns D֖rc B֣it Hg֑n and Ird֨f Ahr֜io Ih֗oa and ֠iamr Gm-at֞o Hc֣ho Al-hmrcb֗h Bmֽalh-gor֙ As֣r Aֽt-ibla֔m and I֥ns Mgd֖o and I֥mt Sֽm:
28: 9 And he blessed him, and his servant worked him, and his wife was destroyed, and he died, and he buried his wife, and his wife was in his grave, and his wife was with him, and his father was with him in the midst of the fire of David.
29: 9 And when she was twelve years old, she was twelve years old, because she was not son of Ahuva, because she had brought her brother to the house of Yahweh.
30: 9 And the son of his father came to him, and said to him, Behold, I pray thee, and behold, thou shalt not hear the voice of the people; and thou shalt give up the eyes of thy eyes: and thou shalt bring the men of the house to the ground, and thou shalt sack them in the midst of the fire.
31: 9 And behold, behold, it was in the midst of the raging, and he said, Behold, thou shalt go up, and say unto them, Behold, thou shalt surely rejoice.
32: 9 And his face went up to him, and he turned to him, and said unto him, Behold, I am saying, 'Behold, ye are not with me, but they are not ashamed, but they are not with him; they are three hundred, and they are three;
33: 9 And he said unto him, Let him go down, and let him go down; and he shall be quiet; and he shall be filled with bread; and he shall come to the threshing-floor, and to the threshing floor, and he shall be trampled upon.
34: 9 And he brought it to him, and he was consumed, and it came to pass, and he said, "Be careful, we will bring down the ark, for this is what is coming, and it is coming to pass.
35: 9 And they came to him to visit him, and they did not go out to him, because they were with him, but with the mighty, and with their feet, and with their hands on the hands of the children.
36: 9 and Isbo֮ and Ig֣ido Lo֒ and I֙amr֙ Dbr-iho֣h H֔oa As֣r Db֗r Bid-abd֛o Ali֥ho Htsb֖i Lam֑r Bh֣lk Izra֔al Iacl֥o Hclb֖im At-bs֥r Aizֽbl:
37: 9 And he said, And behold, thou shalt be consumed; for it is not in the hands of the seed, but on the face of the field, in the midst of the furnace, and of the seed of the seed;
‪xxxx  Chapter 10   (36 verses)‬
1: 10 And to Ahahab, the seven of them, the sons of the sons of Israel, were not in captivity, and they dwelt among them, saying, "Behold, it is not a book, but it is not, and it is not a matter of the people of Samaria, nor of the people of Israel."
2: 10 And it came to pass, as it was, this is the wall of thine eyes, that I have brought them, and they have given them to you, but they are their masters, and they are with you, and they are afraid of them, and they are cast off, and the fire is bright, and the sheep are quiet.
3: 10 And you shall see them, and behold, they are the sons of the children, and they are the sons of the sons of the children, and they are the masters of them, and they have committed them to the house of the king, and they are not their fathers;
4: 10 And they saw him, and he came out of the midst of the valley, and he said unto them, Behold, there are two hundred, and they are not, and they are not, and they are not, before him, and before thee, and thy men, O people, are we;
5: 10 Isl֣h Asr-al-hb֣it and As֪r Al-ha֟ir and Hzknim֩ and Hamn֨im Al-ih֤oa | Lamr֙ Abd֣ic An֔hno and C֛l Asr-tam֥r Al֖ino Nas֑h Lֽa-nml֣ic A֔is Ht֥ob Bain֖ic Asֽh:
6: 10 Ict֣b Alihm֩ S֨fr | Sn֜it Lam֗r Am-l֨i At֜m and Lkl֣i | At֣m Sma֗im Kho֙ At-rasi֙ Ans֣i Bnֽi-adnic֔m and B֧ao Al֛i Ca֥t Mh֖r Izra֑alh and Bn֤i Hm֙lc֙ Sba֣im A֔is At-gdl֥i Ha֖ir Mgdl֥im Aotֽm:
7: 10 Ih֗i Cb֤a Hs֙fr֙ Alih֔m and Ikho֙ At-bn֣i Hm֔lc and ֽisht֖o Sba֣im A֑is and Is֤imo At-rֽasihm֙ Bdod֔im and Islh֥o Al֖io Izraֽalh:
8: 10 And he came to the king, and he came to him, and he came to him, saying, Behold, the chief of the people is the son of the children of the king, and he is saying, They have given them up, but they are still, and they are gathered together, and there is no place for them to cross the land.
9: 10 Ih֤i Bb֙kr֙ and Itz֣a and ֽiam֔d and I֙amr֙ Al-cl-ha֔m Tzdk֖im At֑m Hn֨h An֜i Ks֤rti Al-adni֙ and Ahrg֔ho and M֥i Hc֖h At-cl-aֽlh:
10: 10 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be afraid; for the LORD is the LORD, and he is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Son of God, and the LORD, the Son of God, the Son of God, and the Lord, the Son of God.
11: 10 And all the men of the house of Ahab, the sons of Ahab, were in the midst of Jezreel, and all his greatness, and his greatness, and his sons, and his sons, even unto him, and his children;
12: 10 And he rose up again, and said unto him, Behold, thou shalt keep the counsel of the LORD: behold, it is not in the place of the wicked, but it is in thy way.
13: 10 Ih֗oa Mtza֙ At-ahi֙ Ahzi֣ho Mֽlc-ihod֔h and I֖amr M֣i At֑m and Iamr֗o Ah֤i Ahzi֙ho֙ An֔hno and N֛rd Lsl֥om Bnֽi-hm֖lc and Bn֥i Hgbirֽh:
14: 10 And he said unto them, Thou shalt not give up the bread of the living; and the bread of the bread, and the bread of the bread, and the bread of the broth, and of the broth of the four hundred, and of the breadth of the bread;
15: 10 I֣lc Ms֡m and Imtz֣a At-ihondb֩ Bn-rc֨b Lkrat֜o and ֽibrc֗ho and I֨amr Al֜io Hi֧s At-lbbc֣ Is֗r Cas֤r Lbbi֙ Am-lbb֔c and I֨amr Ihond֥b I֛s and I֖s Tn֣h At-id֑c and It֣n Id֔o and Ial֥ho Al֖io Al-hmrcbֽh:
16: 10 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt give him bread; and he shall see thee in his flock: for he is his God, and he hath blessed him, and hath kept him in his house.
17: 10 And it came to pass, that the people of Israel were quiet, and they went out of the house of all the men of the land, to Ahahabab, in the wilderness of Samaria, until the day of the Lord was finished, as the LORD said unto him, Lord, I pray thee, thou shalt not go down to the house of Elijah.
18: 10 And the commandment of YHVH came to pass, all the people of the land, and he said unto them: 'Is there not a man of the people of the tribe of Abbaath?
19: 10 At֣h Cl-nbia֣i Hb֡al Cl-abd֣io and Cl-chnio֩ Kra֨o Al֜i A֣is Al-ifk֗d Ci֩ Z֨bh Gd֥ol Li֙ Lb֔al C֥l Asr-ifk֖d L֣a Iֽhi֑h and Ihoa֙ As֣h Bakb֔h Lm֥an Hab֖id At-abd֥i Hbֽal:
20:10 And he said, Behold, he is a holy man; he is a mighty man; he is a father, and he is afraid of him.
21: 10 Isl֤h Ihoa֙ Bcl-isra֔l and Ib֙ao֙ Cl-abd֣i Hb֔al and Lֽa-nsa֥r A֖is As֣r Lֽa-b֑a and Ib֙ao֙ B֣it Hb֔al and Iml֥a Bit-hb֖al F֥h Lfֽh:
22: 10 And he said unto him, I pray thee, thou shalt not go down to the house of the LORD, nor shall I give it to thee, but to him it shall be done to the servant of the servant, and I will bring it to them, and they shall bring it to them.
23: 10 Ib֥a Ih֛oa and Ihond֥b Bn-rc֖b B֣it Hb֑al and I֜amr Labd֣i Hb֗al Hfs֤o and Rao֙ Fn-is-f֤h Amcm֙ Mabd֣i Iho֔h C֛i Am-abd֥i Hb֖al Lbdֽm:
24: 10 Ib֕ao Las֖ot Zbh֣im and Al֑ot and Ih֞oa Sm-l֤o Bhotz֙ Smn֣im A֔is and I֗amr Ha֤is Asr-imlt֙ Mn-hans֗im As֤r Ani֙ Mb֣ia Al-idic֔m Nfs֖o T֥ht Nfsֽo:
25: 10 Ih֞i Cclt֣o | Las֣ot Hal֗h and I֣amr I֠hoa Lrtz֨im and Lsls֜im B֤ao Hcom֙ A֣is Al-itz֔a and Ic֖om Lfi-h֑rb and Isl֗co Hֽrtzim֙ and Hs֣ls֔im and Ilc֖o Ad-a֥ir Bit-hbֽal:
26: 10 And they took up the commandment of the house of the house of Baal, and it became clear to them.
27: 10 And the commandment was fulfilled, and the commandment was fulfilled, and the commandment was fulfilled, and the commandment was brought forth, and the women were brought forth, and they were brought to the altar.
28: 10 And he went astray, and brought the people away from Israel.
29: 10 ר֠ק חק חטט֞א֞ר֞י יררבבעע֤ם֤ם בןנבבעט֙א֤א בה בהחהחהטהֲהֲה אֲשרר-יא֣ה֣ה֣ה֣ה אה אה אתהתש-יא-יא֔ה֔ה לֽת-יא-ישאא֔ר לה לֽלֽא-סא֥שאר יה לֽלֽא-סא֥ארש֥ר יה לֽוֽא-סא֥א֥ר יא֖ה֖הו֖ה אגעְל֙י הזז֔ר֑ה֑ם עְגֵל֙י הזז֔א֔ב אב אשש֥֥ר֥ב בהֽה֔א֖ש֖ן אשש֥֥א֥ר בן בדדֽן:: ס.
30: 10 I֨amr Iho֜h Al-ih֗oa I֤an Asr-htib֙t֙ Las֤ot Hisr֙ Bain֔i Ccl֙ As֣r Blbb֔i As֖it Lb֣it Aha֑b Bn֣i Rba֔im Isb֥o Lc֖ Al-cs֥a Israֽl:
31: 10 And behold, there is no god but God, that is, the daughter of the daughter of Abraham, the daughter of the son of Laban, who is not a son of the son of the son of Laban;
32: 10 In the days that were numbered, they were filled with the LORD, and they were numbered in Israel, and the children of Israel were in their midst, and they reigned in all the cities of Israel.
33: 10 Wherever the Jordanites were born, they were all the people of the land, all the mighty men of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
34: 10 And there was another thing that spoke to me, and all the people of Giborath, all of them, and all the people of the tribe of Israel, did not repent to the people of Sosaph.
35: 10 And the LORD dwelt with him, with his father, and he went to him, and buried him, and kept him in his house, saying, Behold, and he went to the house of Jehuahah, because his son was under his command.
36: 10 And the men that were destroyed, were not the children of Israel, but the children of Israel were in the midst of ten thousand, and the name of Sheman was old;
‪xxxx  Chapter 11   (20 verses)‬
1: 11 And the people of Israel came to them, and they came unto me, and they saw them, and saw them, seeing that the children of Israel were with them, and that they were destroyed, and that they were thirsty, and they loved all of them, and all the children of the kingdom came to them.
2: 11 Tk֣h Ihos֣ba Bt-hmֽlc-i֠orm Ah֨ot Ahzi֜ho At-ioa֣s Bn-ahzi֗h and Tgn֤b Ato֙ Mt֤oc Bnֽi-hm֙lc֙ * Hmmottim ** Hm֣omt֔im At֥o and At-minkt֖o Bhd֣r Hmt֑ot and Ist֧ro At֛o Mfn֥i Atli֖ho and L֥a Homֽt:
3:11 And you, the LORD, were with you, the LORD, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God.
4: 11 Bsn֣h H֠sbiait Sl֨h Ihoid֜a and Ik֣h | At-sr֣i * ** Hma֗ot Lcri֙ Mayan and L֣rtz֔im and Ib֥a At֛m Al֖io B֣it Iho֑h and Icrt֩ Lh֨m Br֜it and Isb֤a Atm֙ Bb֣it Iho֔h and I֥ra At֖m At-bn-hmֽlc:
5:11 And they commanded them, saying unto them, This is the commandment, that is, as it is, that it shall be done, and that it shall be done to the threshing-floor.
6: 11 And the threescore was in the midst of the thorns, and the threshing-edge was in the thorns, and the threshing floor was burning, and they kept their bread, and they gave them bread.
7: 11 And the children of the children were in the midst of them, and the people of the tribe came out, and the people of the tribe returned, and they were saved, and they carried away the house of the house of Jehovah, and they returned to the house of the king.
8:11 And they surrounded them, because they were with you, and the people were with them, and all the children were with him in his hand, and the father came to the house of the LORD, saying, "Behold, I will take your hand away when you come out, and his coming will come."
9: 11 ֽias֞o Sr֣i * Mayan ** Hma֗ot Cc֣l Asr-tzoh֮ Ihoid֣a Hchn֒ and Ikho֙ A֣is At-ans֔io Ba֣i Hsb֔t A֖m Itza֣i Hsb֑t and Ib֖ao Al-ihoid֥a Hchֽn:
10: 11 And you shall give these things to the flesh of the children of the Maya.
11: 11 And he stood up, and ran away, and there was no man; and all his children were with him, and he gave him the gift of the inheritance of the king, even though it was a sign of the inheritance of the LORD, and he gave the inheritance to the LORD, and he brought it to the house of the king.
12: 11 And they took the son of the king, and carried them over him, and they took the son of Zerah, and they put him to death, and they slew him, and beat him, and slew him, and he said to him, And he said unto him, Behold, I am the king.
13:11 And the children of Israel went astray, and the people of the land came to them, and they came to them, and they came to the house of the LORD, the LORD.
14: 11 T֡ra and Hn֣h Hmlc֩ Am֨d Aֽl-ham֜od Cmsf֗t and Hsr֤im and Hhtzֽtzrot֙ Al-hm֔lc and Cl-a֤m Ha֙rtz֙ Sm֔h and Tk֖a Bhtzֽtzr֑ot and Tkr֤a Atlih֙ At-bgd֔ih and Tkr֖a K֥sr Kֽsr: S.
15: 11 Itzo֩ Ihoid֨a Hch֜n At-sr֥i * Hameau ** Hma֣ot | Fkd֣i Hh֗il and I֤amr Alihm֙ Hotz֤iao Ath֙ Al-mb֣it Lsdr֔t and Hb֥a Ahr֖ih Hm֣t Bh֑rb C֚i Am֣r Hch֔n Al-tom֖t B֥it Ihoֽh:
16: 11 And they shall be filled with bread, and they shall return to the house of the LORD, and they shall return to the house of the LORD, and they shall return to their land.
17:11 And the Son of YHVV came down and said, "The LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD!"
18: 11 Ib֣ao Cl-am֩ Ha֨rtz Bit-hb֜al and ֽittz֗ho At- * altars ** Mzbht֤io and At-tzlmio֙ Sbr֣o Hit֔b and A֗t Mtn֙ Ch֣n Hb֔al Hrg֖o Lfn֣i Hֽmzbh֑ot and I֧sm Hch֛n Fkd֖ot Al-b֥it Ihoֽh:
19: 11 Ik֣h At-sr֣i H֠maot and At-hcr֨i and At-hrtz֜im and A֣t | Cl-a֣m Ha֗rtz and Ir֤ido At-hm֙lc֙ Mb֣it Iho֔h and Ib֛oao Dֽrc-s֥ar [1] Hrtz֖im B֣it Hm֑lc and I֖sb Al-cs֥a Hmlcֽim:
20:11 And all the people of the land became strong, and the fire was quiet, and the people were afraid of him, and they were with him in the house of the king. ** The king was the king.
‪xxxx  Chapter 12   (22 verses)‬
1: 12 The son of Shepherd, because of the wickedness of the LORD, he was ashamed in his kingdom.
2: 12 In the year of Shavuoth, according to YHWH, the LORD said to you, "O LORD, I pray thee, and I will give you four hundred shekels, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
3: 12 And the servant of Yהוo֧֧h, the sixth of the tribe, rose up in the eye of the LORD, the LORD, all his people, and his wife, his wife, his father, his father, and his family.
4: 12 And the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel were not afraid of them, but they sacrificed them, and they cut down the stones in the wilderness.
5: 12 I֨amr Ihoa֜s Al-hchn֗im Cl֩ C֨sf Hkds֜im Asr-iob֤a Bit-ihoh֙ C֣sf Aob֔r A֕is C֥sf Nfs֖ot Arc֑o Cl-c֗sf As֤r Iֽalh֙ A֣l Lb-a֔is Lhb֖ia B֥it Ihoֽh:
6: 12 Thou shalt take them, for they are the same, but they are not; for there is no man, there is no god; but they are not their enemies, and they are the children of the children of Israel, and they are the children of the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, the children of Israel.
7: 12 And it came to pass, that in the nineteen nineteen years, and that it was six years, that it was not for thee, that the LORD had given him the inheritance, and that the king had given it to the children.
8: 12 Ikra֩ Hm֨lc Ihoa֜s Lihoid֤a Hchn֙ and Lc֣hn֔im and I֣amr Alh֔m Md֛oa Ainc֥m Mhzk֖im At-b֣dk Hb֑it and At֗h Al-tkho-c֙sf֙ Ma֣t Mcֽric֔m Cֽi-lb֥dk Hb֖it Ttnֽho:
9: 12 And his father gave him to the king, and he took him away, and took him away, and took him away from the house of the LORD.
10: 12 Ik֞h Ihoid֤a Hchn֙ Ar֣on Ah֔d and Ik֥b H֖r Bdlt֑o and It֣n Ato֩ A֨tzl Hmzb֜h * Right ** Mim֗in Bbֽoa-ais֙ B֣it Iho֔h and Nֽtno-s֤mh Hcֽhnim֙ Smr֣i Hs֔f At-cl-hc֖sf Hmob֥a Bit-ihoֽh:
11: 12 And there was a sign of the sight of them, and of them, because of the greatness of the Lord, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, and the mighty.
12: 12 Ntno֙ At-hc֣sf Hֽmtc֔n per- * Hand Idi֙ As֣i Hmlac֔h ** * ** Hmfkd֖im B֣it controls Iho֑h and Iotzia֜ho Lhrs֤i Hatz֙ and Lbn֔im Has֖im B֥it Ihoֽh:
13: 12 And the children of the sons of the LORD, the sons of the LORD, and the sons of the LORD, and the sons of the LORD, and the sons of the LORD, and the sons of the LORD, and the children of the LORD,
14: 12 But the Lord did not do anything, but the Lord, the LORD, was with him, and he gave him a cup of wine, and he gave it to the children of the LORD, and he returned to the house of Yahweh, and he returned to the house of Yahweh, and he returned to him.
15: 12 And when he did not do it, the servant came to him, and they gave him strength, and they gave him strength, and brought him to the house of Yahweh.
16: 12 And they did not think, but they took up the men, but they did not give up the sword, but they gave up their hands, but they did not do any thing, but the work was done, because they were in faith, because they were doing what they wanted.
17: 12 As the sword of the sword was made, and as the sword of Hitta came up, it came to pass, and it came to pass, but the LORD was with him, the LORD was the LORD, and the LORD was the LORD.
18: 12 And behold, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, went out of their way, and they came to them in battle, and they came to the house of Gath, and it came to pass, that the people of Zachal, the sons of Israel, went up to the land of Israel on the shore of Yerushalayim.
19: 12 Ik֞h Ihoa֣s Mֽlc-ihod֗h A֣t Cl-hkds֡im Asr-hkd֣iso Ihosf֣t and Ihorm֩ and Ahzi֨ho Abt֜io Mlc֤i Ihodh֙ and At-kds֔io and A֣t Cl-hzh֗b Hnmtz֛a Batzr֥ot Bit-iho֖h and B֣it Hm֑lc and Isl֗h Lֽhzal֙ M֣lc Ar֔m and I֖al Ma֥l Iroslֽm:
20: 12 And the word of the word of the LORD shall be given to him, and all the people of the people shall do it, but they shall not be put to death, but they shall not be put to shame. Speak unto them, that they may come to the kingdom of Yahweh.
Num 21: 12 And his servant, the servant of his servants, went up to him, and begged him to go down to the house of Shushar, and he slew him, and brought him to his house, and brought him to the house of the LORD.
22: 12 Iozb֣d Bn-s֠mat and Ihozb֨d Bn-sm֤r | Abdio֙ Hc֣ho and Im֔t and Ikbr֥o At֛o Am-abt֖io Ba֣ir Do֑d and Iml֛c Amtzi֥h Bn֖o Thtֽio: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 13   (25 verses)‬
1: 13 Bsn֨t Asr֤im and Sls֙ Sn֔h Lioa֥s Bn-ahzi֖ho M֣lc Ihod֑h M֠lc Ihoah֨z Bn-ih֤oa Al-isral֙ Bs֣mr֔on Sb֥a Asr֖h Snֽh:
2:13 And he did that which was in the sight of the LORD, and he went down to the house of Hattus, and he was not a son of Nebath. But Ben-Nebutrat said that the people of Israel were afraid of the people of Israel.
3:13 And the son of Aaron, the son of Jehadah, the son of Hazah, the son of Hazah, the son of Jehazah, of all the men of the tents, and of the children of Israel,
4:13 And Jehoel the son of Jehoah saw the face of the LORD, the LORD, and his people came to him, saying, Jehovah, how are you, seeing that you saw the people of Israel, because they were afraid of you, because you were not in their midst?
5:13 And the children of Israel came to Israel, Moses, and the people of Israel came to them, and they came to them in the hand of their fathers: and the children of Israel returned to them, and in the tents of Israel they came to them.
6:13 Wherefore have ye not been taken away from the yoke of the house of Jeroboam, that is, that which is the thorn, thou hast brought the people of Israel into the midst of thee, and it is not yet, and the LORD hath given it unto thee, that is,
7: 13 C֣i La֩ Hsa֨ir Lihoah֜z A֗m C֣i Am-hms֤im Fֽrsim֙ and As֣rh R֔cb and As֥rt Alf֖im Rgl֑i C֤i Abdm֙ M֣lc Ar֔m and Ism֥m Cֽaf֖r Ldֽs:
8: 13 And the word of the word of the LORD was spoken, "O Jehoahah!" And all the men of Israel did as they were, and raised up their tents, and they were not, as if they were writing about the people of the wilderness, saying, "The people have come to destroy the land of Israel."
9:13 And he dwelt among the children of the house of the father, and with his fathers, they were with him, and they continued to bury him in the wilderness of Samaria, and they were full of you, and the house of the children of Israel was destroyed.
10: 13 In the sixty-third day, and there was a reason for it, because it was not for him, but for his inheritance, Yahweh, the son of Jehoiah, the son of Jehoiah, the son of Jehoiah, was on Israel; he was in the midst of the battle of Samaria, and there was a tenth of the land of Israel, which was nine years old.
11: 13 And he that did what he did was afraid of the eyes of the LORD, and he was not afraid of all the sins of the LORD. But the son of Nabath was the son of Neutah, the son of Israel, because of her, she was your son.
12: 13 I֨tr Dbr֤i Ioas֙ and Cl-as֣r As֔h and Gb֣ort֔o As֣r Nlh֔m A֖m Amtzi֣h Mֽlc-ihod֑h Hlֽoa-h֣m Ctob֗im Al-s֛fr Dbr֥i Him֖im Lmlc֥i Israֽl:
13:13 And he dwelt with his father, with his father, and with him, and was satisfied with him, and he went down on his throne, and dwelt among him in despair, and in the midst of his wickedness,
14: 13 ֽalisa֙ Hl֣h At-hli֔o As֥r Im֖ot B֑o and I֨rd Al֜io Ioa֣s Mֽlc-isra֗l and I֤bc Al-fnio֙ and Iam֔r Ab֣i | Ab֔i R֥cb Isra֖l and Frsֽio:
15:13 And the Lord said unto him, I pray thee, I pray thee, thou shalt not go, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee.
16:13 13 And he said, 'Let the people of Israel go up to your knees, your lord, over the thorns of the earth, and blessed by the hand of his hand, and it is he who puts his hand on his hands, and his hands are on the hand of his hand.
17: 13 I֗amr Ft֧h Hhl֛on K֖dmh and Ift֑h and I֤amr Alis֤a Irh֙ and I֔or and I֗amr Htz-tsoa֤h Lֽihoh֙ and H֣tz Tsoa֣h Bֽar֔m and Hcit֧ At-ar֛m Baf֖k Ad-clֽh:
18:13 And he said to the captain of the half-brother, and he said to him, And he said unto the king of Israel, Thou shalt not go down to the land of the land, and that thou shalt be a scepter of the people;
19:13 And the king was angry with him, and the people of God were not satisfied, and he said to them, "Do you not go to the house of the king of Israel?" He said to him, "Behold, I will not be with you."
20:13 And the LORD shall come to him, and he shall come to him, and they shall gather together him, and they shall be filled with gold: and they shall be brought to him.
21: 13 Ih֞i H֣m | Kbr֣im A֗is and Hnh֙ Ra֣o Aֽt-hgd֔od and Isl֥ico At-ha֖is Bk֣br Alis֑a and I֜lc and Ig֤a Hais֙ Batzm֣ot Alis֔a and Ih֖i and I֥km Al-rglֽio: P.
22:13 And the king of Israel came to them, saying, "How are you, O Israel?" He said to him, "I will bring you up to Israel."
23: 13 Ihn֩ Iho֨h At֤m and ֽirhmm֙ and I֣fn Alih֔m Lm֣an Brit֔o At-abrh֖m Itzh֣k and Iֽak֑b and L֤a Abh֙ Hshit֔m and Lֽa-hslic֥m Mֽal-fn֖io Ad-aֽth:
24:13 And it came to pass, when the children of Israel came out of their midst, and they returned to you, and the son of the son of David returned to him, and he rebelled against him.
25: 13 I֜sb Ihoa֣s Bn-ihoah֗z and Ik֤h At-hֽarim֙ Mid֙ Bn-hd֣d Bn-hza֔l As֣r Lk֗h Mi֛d Ihoah֥z Ab֖io Bmlhm֑h Sl֤s Famim֙ Hc֣ho Ioa֔s and I֖sb At-ar֥i Israֽl: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 14   (29 verses)‬
1: 14 In the twelve years of the Levites, the son of Joah, the son of Jehoiah, reigned, and the son of Israel came to you, saying, "Behold, I will give you my son, son of Joash, your servant, Yahweh, O Judah!"
2: 14 A son of ten years, and five years of age, he was in the kingdom of Israel, and he was twelve, and the people of the land were six hundred years old, and they were not in the house of the children of Jerusalem, and their name was theirs.
3:14 And the one who did the thing was in his sight: the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Father, the Son of the Lord, the servant of the Lord.
4:14 And the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel were not afraid of them, but they sacrificed them, and they were cut off in the wilderness.
5:14 And he came to me, as if he were a mighty man, he was in possession of his hand, and he took away his servant, so that he could destroy his father, because he was his father.
6: 14 At-bn֥i Hmc֖im L֣a Hm֑it Cct֣ob Bs֣fr Tֽort-m֠sh Asr-tzo֨h Iho֜h Lam֗r La-iomt֨o Ab֤ot Al-bnim֙ and Bnim֙ La-iomt֣o Al-ab֔ot C֛i Am-a֥is Bhta֖o * round ** Iomֽt:
7: 14 Behold, thou hast brought unto them a covenant with the LORD, and the LORD hath given him strength, and he hath taken the sword with the sword, and he hath taken away his name, and he hath taken his name;
8:14 Wherefore are they, that is, that they have come to Amaziah unto the son of Jehoah, son of Jehoiah, son of Yahweh, because of Israel, because of Israel, let it be said unto them, Behold, thou shalt be afraid;
9: 14 and Isl֞h Ihoa֣s Mֽlc-isra֗l Al-amtzi֣ho Mֽlc-ihodh֮ Lamr֒ Hh֜oh As֣r Blbn֗on S֠lh Al-ha֜rz As֤r Blbnon֙ Lam֔r Tnֽh-at-btc֥ Lbn֖i Las֑h and ֽtab֞r Hi֤t Hsdh֙ As֣r Blbn֔on and Trm֖s At-hhֽoh:
10: 14 How are you, how are you, that you have been put to death, and that your people have been blessed? Your honor is great, and your heart is in the house of yours, and you will not be defiled in the midst of evil, nor shall we be afraid; but you are the LORD, and the LORD is your God.
11: 14 And I will not let my Amazites go away, and I will be afraid of the LORD, because the Israelites are coming to you, and they will see it, and they will turn away from you, and this will be your hope, and I will bring you to Judah, and I will give you the name of the LORD, and I will return to you.
12: 14 And the sword of Yahweh came, but before me, the children of Israel were lost, and they were defeated, and there was no man, but his tent, and his tent.
13: 14 At֩ Amtzi֨ho Mֽlc-ihod֜h Bn-ihoa֣s Bn-ahzi֗ho Tf֛s Ihoa֥s Mֽlc-isra֖l Bb֣it S֑ms * and ** came and Iba֙ Ir֣osl֔m and Ifrtz֩ Bhom֨t Irosl֜m Bs֤ar Afr֙im֙ Ad-s֣ar Hfn֔h Arb֥a Ma֖ot Amֽh:
14: 14 And he took all the gold, and the silver of the cup, and all the vessels of all things, that came out of the house of the LORD, and came to him, and brought them to the house of the king, and the sons of the children, and the children of the house of the LORD, and they returned to the land of Samaria.
15: 14 Itr֩ Dbr֨i Ihoa֜s As֤r Ash֙ and Gb֣ort֔o and As֣r Nlh֔m A֖m Amtzi֣ho Mֽlc-ihod֑h Hla-h֣m Ctob֗im Al-s֛fr Dbr֥i Him֖im Lmlc֥i Israֽl:
16: 14 And the LORD dwelt among the fathers of his fathers, and dwelt among them in the midst of their wickedness, and they came to him, saying, "Behold, I will bring you forth, and I will return to you, and I will bring you up to you."
17:14 And Jehoiah the son of Joash, the son of Yoash, was in Judah; he was the son of Jehoiash, the son of Jehoiah, the son of Jehoah, the son of Jehoah, the son of Jehoah, the son of Zechariah, of Israel, and of Hamash, the tenth of Esau,
18:14 And he said unto them, Speak unto me, I will make him, behold, they shall not be put to death, but they shall not be put to shame. Speak unto me, that they may come to thee, that I may come to thee.
19: 14 And he went up, and he overcame him, so that he was able to kill them, and he was not married to him, and he sent his wife, and he sent him away, to his people, and to his wife, and to his father, and to him,
20: 14 And he lifted up his anger against the thieves, and dwelt in Jeruselem with them, and with his fathers, they were in the midst of the fire of David.
21: 14 And he took all the children of Judah, and took away my goats, and behold, behold, he was a son of six children, that was nine years old, and they were full of him, and they smote him with his father, and his father was with him, and his fathers were afraid of him.
22: 14 And behold, the son of Israel came to him, and he returned to him, and he returned to him, and he returned to him, and he returned after him, so that the people of the king went with thee, with the fathers of his fathers.
23: 14 Bsnt֙ Hms-asr֣h Sn֔h Lamtzi֥ho Bn-ioa֖s M֣lc Ihod֑h M֠lc Irba֨m Bn-ioa֤s Mֽlc-isral֙ Bs֣mr֔on Arba֥im and Ah֖t Snֽh:
24: 14 And he that did the thing went astray in the eyes of the LORD; he was not afraid of all the sins of Jeroboam; but the son of Nebuchat, as he was burning, he brought the people of Israel to death.
25: 14 H֗oa Hsib֙ At-gb֣ol Isra֔l Mlb֥oa Hm֖t Ad-i֣m Harb֑h Cdb֤r Ihoh֙ Alh֣i Isra֔l As֣r Db֗r Bid-abd֞o Ion֤h Bn-amti֙ Hnb֔ia As֖r Mg֥t Hhֽfr:
26: 14 For, behold, the LORD, the LORD, hath given thee strength, and he hath given strength unto the LORD, and he hath taken away his strength, and he hath taken away his strength, and he hath taken courage, and he is strong;
27: 14 And it was not the LORD's desire to destroy them, but they were to bring them forth, that they might be filled with the heat of the heavens. And they that were in charge of them were in the hands of Jeroboam, because they were sons of Joash.
28: 14 Itr֩ Dbr֨i Irba֜m and Cl-as֤r Ash֙ and Gbort֣o Asr-nlh֔m and As֨r Hs֜ib At-dm֧sk and At-hm֛t Lihod֖h Bisra֑l Hla-h֣m Ctob֗im Al-s֛fr Dbr֥i Him֖im Lmlc֥i Israֽl:
29: 14 And the LORD shall dwell with the people, even with their fathers, but they shall not be destroyed; and they shall be full of them; and they shall be filled with you; they shall remember thee;
‪xxxx  Chapter 15   (38 verses)‬
1: 15 In the twelve of the nineteen forty-seven years, there was a time for the LORD, because the people of Israel were coming to you, saying, "Come back to me, my descendants!" Son of Amaziah said, "Your lord is Yahweh."
2: 15 The son of Shosh was nine years old: he was five years old, and he was in the midst of his kingdom, and he was five hundred years old, and they were destroyed, because they were destroyed, and they were destroyed in the city of Jerusalem, and their land was destroyed, and their nation was destroyed.
3: 15 And the servant of the tribe of Israel saw in the eyes of the LORD, the LORD, that he had made a covenant with him, which he had done.
4: 15 And the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the LORD shall not be sacrificed: and they shall be cut off in the wilderness.
5: 15 And the LORD spake unto the LORD, and brought him out of the wilderness, even though he was not in his power: and he that dwelt in the midst of the foolish, and the son of the king came upon them, because of the children of the tribe of Shaphat,
6: 15 And he said unto them, Speak unto me, O my enemies, and all that is, that they have done, that they are not, as they are writing unto the people of the wilderness, saying, Behold, the days shall come to rest, O Yahweh,
7: 15 And the husband of Azariah was with his father, and he was with him, and he gathered his wife with him, and his father was with him, so that they might be in the fire, and they would be destroyed.
8: 15 In the second year of the reign of Simeon, and the fifth day of the reign of Israel, I will return to you, and I will return to you, O LORD, and I will return to you.
9: 15 And he did that which was evil in the eyes of the LORD, because the LORD was as he had done, but his father, his father, did not go down, and he was afraid of the sins of the children of Jeroboam, but the son of Nebuchat, as it was, the people of Hathath were the people of Israel.
10: 15 And his sons, the children of the children of the tribe of Israel, took up their inheritance, and brought it to them, and they brought it down to them, and they killed it, and they came to it, and they came under it.
11: 15 And he said unto them, Speak unto me, Behold, my memory shall be upon them, and they shall not be put to death: for they shall not be put to death, but they shall be destroyed, and they shall not be destroyed.
12: 15 Behold, this is the word of the Lord, the LORD, the son of Abraham, the son of David, the son of Yahweh, the son of Amor, son of Nehemiah, of the tribe of Ephraim, of whom the LORD shall dwell;
13: 15 And the son of Jabbish, peace be upon him, returned to thee, in the midst of three hundred years, and was not satisfied, because he was the son of Judah, the son of Jehoiada, the son of Jehadah, the son of Jehoshadah, of Judah, and of the children of Judah, the LORD of hosts.
14: 15 And the sons of Ghanad, the sons of Gedah, murmured against them, and she came to her, saying, Behold, O son of Israel, the son of the son of the son of Israel lived in Samaria, and killed him, and killed him, and he went into the midst of his inheritance.
15: 15 And there was a wall of light, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was light, and there was light, and there was light, and there was no light.
16: 15 And behold, I have given thee strength, and all that is with her, and her strength, and her strength, and her strength, because she is not afraid, and she is with you, and all the women of her children are in her midst.
17: 15 In the twelve years of the reign of the LORD, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, have been given up to the children of Israel, because they have not received the word of Yahweh, but they have been given the inheritance of the children of G-d, because of the children of Israel, who are in charge of the land of Samaria.
18: 15 And he did that which was in the mind of the LORD, and he was not afraid of the sin of the wicked, but the son of Nebath, the son of Nebath, the captain of the tribe, the people of Israel, all his people.
19: 15 Behold, the Lord, the Lord of the earth, is the one who is in the midst of the earth, and hath given them a comforting offering to the Lord, and he has given him strength, so that he will be able to give up his hands, and bring his hands to him, and bring him to the house of the king with his hand.
20: 15 Itza֩ Mnh֨m At-hc֜sf Al-isra֗l A֚l Cl-gbor֣i Hh֔il Ltt֙ Lm֣lc As֔or Hms֧im Skl֛im C֖sf La֣is Ah֑d and I֙sb֙ M֣lc As֔or and La-a֥md S֖m Baֽrtz:
21: 15 And the rest of them spoke to me, saying, I will comfort them, and all the men of Israel have done this, but they are not like the people of the world.
22: 15 And he dwelt with them, and he gave them with his father, and he gave him his hand, and he returned to him, and they made him in his house.
23: 15 In the fifth year of the year, five hundred and fifty years, it was time for Lazarus, the son of the king of Judah, the son of Jehoah, the son of Israel, and the son of Menhanah, because they were in Israel, in the midst of Samaria, because they had been destroyed.
24: 15 And he did that which was in the mind of the LORD; he was not afraid of the sins of Yahweh, but the son of Nebuchat, as the people of Hathath brought up Israel.
25: 15 Iks֣r Alio֩ F֨kh Bn-rmli֜ho Slis֗o and Ic֨ho Bsmr֜on Barm֤on Bit- * ** king Hm֙lc֙ At-arg֣b and At-hari֔h and Am֛o Hms֥im A֖is Mbn֣i Glad֑im and Imit֖ho and Iml֥c Thtֽio:
26: 15 And he said unto them, Speak unto me, O people of all nations, and all that is done, that they shall be as they are written unto the scepter. Speak unto the LORD, that they may return to the kingdom of Israel.
27: 15 In the fifth year of the reign of Moses, the LORD gave birth to Moses, the son of Judah, the son of Judah, the son of Judah, the son of Ramlah, the son of Ramlah, the son of Ramlah, the son of Ramlah, of Israel, in Samaria, in the name of the tribe of Asher.
28: 15 And he did that which was in the mind of the LORD, because he was not afraid of the sins of Jeroboam, but the son of Nebuchath, which is the son of Hathath, the son of Israel.
29: 15 Bim֞i F֣kh Mֽlc-isra֗l Ba֮ Tgl֣t Flasr֮ M֣lc Asor֒ and Ik֣h At-ai֡on and At-ab֣l Bֽit-mac֡h and At-i֠noh and At-k֨ds and At-htz֤or and At-hglad֙ and At-hgl֔ilh C֖l A֣rtz Nftl֑i and Igl֖m Asֽorh:
30: 15 And the son of Elias, the son of Elias, came to the son of Elijah, because he took the son of Ramlah, his father, and brought him to him, and he killed him, and brought him to him, and he went to his house in the presence of the twelve sons of the tribe of Benaziah.
31: 15 And he said unto them, Speak unto me, speak, and take, and all that is done, that they shall be as they are written unto the scepter, speak unto me, that they may return to the kingdom of Israel.
32: 15 In the second year of the year of the Leviticus, the sons of Ramlah were taken away from them, because of the children of Israel. They said to you, "Why are you not circumcised?" Son of Boaz, "Behold, I will come to you, Yahweh."
33: 15 And Ben-Asher was twenty-five years old, and he was in the kingdom of his sons, and sixteen years of age, when they were born, because they were not born in Jerusalem, but their inheritance was because of his mother's inheritance, so Joshua inherited the daughter of Tzadok.
34: 15 And the one who did the thing went astray in the eyes of the LORD, because he was like the son of Asher, who made him captive to his father, and his father, his father, did as he did.
35: 15 And the sons of the LORD, the sons of the LORD, are the ones who are in the house of the LORD, and they are the children of the LORD.
36: 15 And he said unto them, Speak unto me, I pray thee: for they have done as they have done, but they are not, as they have written unto the scepter, speaketh unto me, that they may return to the kingdom of Yahweh.
37: 15 In the day of their death, behold, the LORD, the LORD, hath given up the inheritance, and the inheritance is in the house of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Son of Ramlai.
38: 15 And he dwelt with him, and he dwelt with his father, and he dwelt with his father, and was with him in the fire of his father, because his father was with him, and he was full of his brother, because he was in his house.
‪xxxx  Chapter 16   (20 verses)‬
And the son of Jehoiatham was circumcised, and the son of Jehoiadah came down to her, and he said to her, "Behold, my son, my son!
2: 16 And the son of Asher was twelve years old, and he was sixteen years old, and he was sixteen years old, because they were not in the house of the children of Jerusalem, but he did not do anything to the LORD, but the eyes of the LORD were upon him, but his God was not like his hands, because he was his father.
3:16 And he led thee in the way of the kings of Israel, and the children of the sons of Israel, and the sons of the children of Israel, and the sons of Israel, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel.
4:16 And he brought it up, and cut it down in the wilderness, and on the edge of the wilderness, and all the trees were broken, and they ran away from them.
5:16 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go down; but the son of Ramalai, the son of Ramalai, hath taken away from them the inheritance of the children of Israel, and they have not been given to them; and they have given up their inheritance to them.
6: 16 Ba֣t Hh֗ia H֠sib Rtz֨in Mֽlc-ar֤m At-ailt֙ Lֽar֔m and Ins֥l At-hihod֖im Mֽail֑ot * and the Arameans ** and ֽadomim֙ [k] B֣ao Ail֔t and I֣sbo S֔m A֖d Hi֥om Hzֽh: P.
7: 16 Isl֨h Ah֜z Mlac֗im Al-t֠glt Fl֤sr Mֽlc-asor֙ Lam֔r Abdc֥ and Bnc֖ A֑ni Al֨h and Hosa֜ni Mc֣f Mֽlc-ar֗m and Mcf֙ M֣lc Isra֔l Hkom֖im Alֽi:
8:16 And he took up the hand of the sword, and the thorn, and it came out, that the son of Jehu came out, and came to him, and said unto him, Behold, I will go down to thee, and let him go into the house of the king of Samaria.
9: 16 And his name went up to him, and he turned away from you, and turned away from you, and turned away from you, and went down to the ground, and kissed him, and he turned away from you, and he turned away from you, and said to her, "Be careful, and you shall not be afraid."
10: 16 I֣lc Hm֣lc Ah֡z L֠krat Tgl֨t Fla֤sr Mֽlc-asor֙ Dom֔sk and I֥ra At-hmzb֖h As֣r Bdm֑sk and Islh֩ Hm֨lc Ah֜z Al-aori֣h Hch֗n At-dm֧ot Hmzb֛h and At-tbnit֖o Lcֽl-masֽho:
11: 16 I֛bn Aori֥h Hch֖n At-hmzb֑h Cc֣l Asr-slh֩ Hm֨lc Ah֜z Mdm֗sk C֤n Ash֙ Aori֣h Hch֔n Ad-b֥oa Hmֽlc-ah֖z Mdmֽsk:
12: 16 And he came to the house of the king, who was in the midst of the sackcloth, and saw that he had taken away the inheritance, and he came to the house of the king on the land of Mizpah, and he went up on his way.
13: 16 And he cut off his anger, and put away his commandment, and took away his strength, and took away the reins of the men, which he gave to the land of Mizbah.
14: 16 A֨t Hmzb֣h Hnhst֮ As֣r Lfn֣i Ihoh֒ and Ikr֗b Mat֙ Fn֣i Hb֔it Mbin֙ Hmzb֔h and Mb֖in B֣it Iho֑h and It֥n At֛o Al-i֥rc Hmzb֖h Tzfֽonh:
15: 16 * and charged him, ** and Itzo֣h Hmֽlc-a֠hz At-aori֨h Hch֜n Lam֗r A֣l Hmzb֣h Hgd֡ol Hkt֣r At-aֽlt-hbkr֩ and At-mnh֨t Ha֜rb and ֽat-al֧t Hm֣lc and At-mnht֗o and ֠at Al֞t Cl-a֤m Ha֙rtz֙ and Mnht֣m and Nscih֔m and Cl-d֥m Al֛h and Cl- The blood of the young man is on the east, and the altar of the thorn is the sixth, and it is there.
16:16 And Uri Asher, the son of Aaron, made a covenant with her, so that she might go down with her, which she commanded.
17: 16 Iktztz֩ Hm֨lc Ah֜z At-hmsgr֣ot Hmcn֗ot and I֤sr Mֽalihm֙ * and are you- ** At-hci֔r and At-hi֣m Hor֔d Ma֛l Hbk֥r Hnh֖st As֣r Tht֑ih and It֣n At֔o A֖l Mrtz֥ft Abnֽim:
18: 16 And thou shalt be ashamed of him, that thou shalt be the son of the son, and the son of the son of the king, and of the house of the LORD, and of the house of the LORD, and of the house of the LORD, and of the house of the LORD, and of the house of the LORD.
19:16 And he said unto them, Speak unto me, I pray thee, thou shalt not do it. As for the people of the land, they are not the people of the world.
20:16 And he dwelt with Ahaz with his father, and he dwelt with his father, and was with him in the midst of the fire of his father, and he returned to the house of Hazek, his father, and his sons.
‪xxxx  Chapter 17   (41 verses)‬
1: 17 In the twelve years of the sixtieth year, the tenth year of the reign of Yahweh, is the inheritance of Yahweh, the Son of the Son of the Son of Israel, in the name of Israel, in the name of Israel, in the name of the people of Israel.
2: 17 And he did that which was in the mind of the LORD, but he was not like the king of Israel, but the people of Israel were ashes, and they were there before him.
3: 17 For he hath taken up his anger, and he hath taken away his wickedness, and he hath turned away from him, and he is his son, and he is his servant, and he is his servant, and he is his servant.
4: 17 Imtza֩ Mֽlc-as֨or Bhos֜a K֗sr As֨r Sl֤h Mlacim֙ Al-s֣oa Mֽlc-mtzr֔im and La-hal֥h Mnh֛h Lm֥lc As֖or Csn֣h Bsn֑h and ֽiatzr֙ho֙ M֣lc As֔or and Iasr֖ho B֥it Cֽla:
5:17 And he went up to Mezel, the son of Asher, and toured all the land: and he turned away from him, saying, saying, Behold, thou shalt besiege him, that is, that there are two saints.
6: 17 Bsn֨t Htsia֜it Lhos֗a Lc֤d Mֽlc-asor֙ At-s֣mr֔on and I֥gl At-isra֖l As֑orh and I֨sb At֜m Bhl֧h and Bhb֛or Nh֥r Goz֖n and Ar֥i Mdֽi: P.
7: 17 Ih֗i Cֽi-hta֤o Bnֽi-isral֙ Liho֣h Alhih֔m Hmal֤h Atm֙ Ma֣rtz Mtzr֔im Mt֕ht I֖d Fra֣h Mֽlc-mtzr֑im and Iֽira֖o Alh֥im Ahrֽim:
8: 17 And they went into the Law of the Law of the Law of G-dly, when the Lord of the Lord, the Son of the Lord, gave birth to him, and he gave birth to him, and to the children of Israel, and to the king of Israel, and to Israel, to Israel.
9: 17 And the sons of Israel, the children of Israel, were ashamed of the words of the LORD, so that they were not so much as the LORD, because God had created them, and they had built them for them, that they were in the midst of all their things, and that they were born out of the garden of the children of Nazareth, even before the children of Mizor.
10: 17 And they turned their backs on them, and they set them aside, and they were not in the midst of all their captivity, but they were great, and they were all the anger of their own evil.
11: 17 And they were put to death in all their families, as they did, because the people of Galilee were afraid of them, and the people of Israel did so before them, and they did not do evil things, but they did not want to destroy the LORD.
12: 17 And the servant went up, and the scroll was gone, and the fire was still, and there was no rain; but the LORD, the LORD, was there. The LORD was the LORD, and the LORD was the LORD.
13: 17 I֣ad Iho֡h Bisra֣l and Bihod֡h Bid֩ Cl- * saith ** Nbia֨i Cl-hz֜h Lam֗r S֝֠bo Mdrcic֤m Hֽraim֙ and Smro֙ Mtzoֺt֣i Hkot֔i Cc֨l-htor֔h As֥r Tzo֖iti At-abֽtic֑m and ֽasr֙ Sl֣hti Alic֔m Bi֖d Abd֥i Hnbiaֽim:
14: 17 And they did not take it, and they took it away, and oppressed the people of Egypt, as if they were the last of their fathers, but they were not, but they were not our enemies, because they were the gods of God.
15: 17 Imas֣o At-hk֗io and At-brito֙ As֣r Cr֣t At-abot֔m and At֙ Aֽdoֺt֔io As֥r Ha֖id B֑m and I֨lc֜o [c] Ahr֤i Hh֙bl֙ and Ihb֔lo and Ahr֤i Hgoim֙ As֣r Sbֽibt֔m As֨r Tzo֤h Ihoh֙ At֔m Lblt֖i As֥ot Chֽm:
16: 17 Iazb֗o At-cl-mtzoֺt֙ LORD Alhih֔m and Ias֥o Lh֛m Msc֖h * ** Sn֣i Agl֑im years and Ias֣o Asir֗h and Iֽsthoo֙ Lcl-tzb֣a Hsm֔im and Iabd֖o At-hbֽal:
17:17 And they brought their sons, their children, and their daughters, and their children, and they came to them, and they took their wives, and they were ashamed, and they were ashamed, and they were not willing to do what they had done, but they were afraid of the eyes of the LORD, because they were angry with him.
18:17 And the LORD, the LORD, was utterly ashamed of the people of Israel, and he turned them away from his face, and he turned away from him, so that he could not see him, so that he could see the voice of the LORD, because he was afraid of his children.
19:17 Even Yahweh, the LORD, is not the one who saw the commandment of the LORD, the LORD his God, and they were in a state of law, and the people of Israel rose up, as Esau did.
20:17 And Moses, the LORD, was in the midst of all the children of Israel, and they were disobedient to them, and they were baptized with them in the hand of the sword, but as they were, they brought them down from their faces.
21: 17 Cֽi-kr֣a Isra֗l Mal֙ B֣it Do֔d and Iml֖ico At-irba֣m Bn-nb֑t * verified ** and Id֨h Irba֤m At-isral֙ Mahr֣i Iho֔h and Hhtia֖m [1] Hta֥h Gdolֽh:
22:17 And the sons of Israel went down, and the children of Israel were in the midst of the yoke, and the people of Jahath were there, but they were not. As for them, they did not do anything.
23: 17 A֠d Asr-hs֨ir Iho֤h At-isral֙ Ma֣l Fn֔io Cas֣r Db֔r Bi֖d Cl-abd֣io Hnbia֑im and I֨gl Isra֜l Ma֤l Admto֙ As֔orh A֖d Hi֥om Hzֽh: P.
24: 17 Ib֣a Mֽlc-as֡or Mbb֡l and ֠mco֠th and Mao֤a and Mֽhmt֙ and Sfro֔im and I֙sb֙ Bar֣i Sֽmr֔on T֖ht Bn֣i Isra֑l and Iֽrso֙ At-s֣mr֔on and Iֽsb֖o Barֽih:
25: 17 And they were in the beginning of the day, when they returned, because they were not, but they saw the LORD, and behold, the LORD, the LORD, came to them, and they brought them to the house of the LORD, saying, Behold, they will be angry with them.
26: 17 Iamr֗o Lm֣lc Asor֮ Lamr֒ Hgoi֗m As֤r Hgl֙it֙ and T֙osb֙ Bar֣i Smr֔on L֣a Iֽda֔o At-msf֖t Alh֣i Ha֑rtz and Islh-b֣m At-hari֗ot and Hnm֙ Mmit֣im Aot֔m Casr֙ Ain֣m Ida֔im At-msf֖t Alh֥i Haֽrtz:
27: 17 Itz֨o Mֽlc-as֜or Lam֗r Hl֤ico S֙mh֙ Ah֤d Mhcֽhnim֙ As֣r Hglit֣m Ms֔m and Ilc֖o and I֣sbo S֑m and Ir֕m At-msf֖t Alh֥i Haֽrtz:
28: 17 And he brought another one of the men of the flock, as he was not exposed, and he was not in the house of the LORD, and he was captivated in the midst of the children of Israel, and there was no god but Moors, but they were not your enemies, but the LORD was the LORD.
29: 17 And he, behold, they did not go up to him, but they came to him, and they came to him, and they came to the house, and to the house of the children of Israel, they did as they had done.
30: 17 And the men of the children of Israel did the same thing, and the sons of the women, and the women of the tribe, did the same thing to the men, and the men of the house of Hamam did as they did to Eshem.
31:17 And the people of the people did so, and the people of the land were burned, and the children of Israel were burned, and their children were brought down, because they were in your hands, and they were not with you. These are the gods of the books. Numbers: Numbers.
32:17 And they were afraid, they feared God, and they did so to them, because they were not of their own accord, but as they were, they were in their midst, and they were doing what they did, because they were not in the house of the children.
33:17 The LORD, behold, they were afraid; they feared God; and they were destroyed; they were like men, but they were not like the rulers of the nations, but they were the ones who revealed them, because they were not guilty.
34: 17 A֣d Hi֤om Hzh֙ H֣m As֔im Cmsft֖im Hrֽasn֑im Ain֤m Iraim֙ At-iho֔h and Ain֣m As֗im Chktm֙ and Cmsft֔m and Ctor֣h and Cmtzo֗h As֨r Tzo֤h Ihoh֙ At-bn֣i Iak֔b Asr-s֥m Sm֖o Israֽl:
35:17 And the LORD, the LORD, was with them, and they were with them in the wilderness, and they commanded them, and they said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not be afraid: for God is not, and that they are not, and that they are not, and that they have not worshiped them, but they have not been worshiped, neither are they worshiping them, neither have they sacrificed themselves for them.
36: 17 For when the LORD, behold, the LORD is with thee, he hath given up the throne of the land of Israel, in the midst of the greatness of the children, and of the wickedness of the children of Israel: they have turned him away, and they have given him strength, and they have given him strength, and they have given him strength, and they have given him strength;
37:17 And the law, and the judgment, and the law, and the Torah, and the commandment, which is as it shall be, that thou shalt keep them, that they may not do all things, and that they shall not be afraid, but God is a God, and they shall not be late.
38:17 And I said to them, When I saw you, I saw you, and I did not give you hope; and I did not know that I was afraid.
39: 17 For when the eyes of the LORD come upon them, O God, they will not be afraid, and they will be afraid, and I will bring them out of their midst, all your enemies.
40:17 And they did not know that they were wrong; for they were not like their rulers, but they were the first ones, and they were not.
41: 17 Ihi֣o | Hgoi֣m Ha֗lh Iraim֙ At-iho֔h and At-fsֽilih֖m Hi֣o Aֽbd֑im Gm-bnih֣m | and Bn֣i Bnih֗m Cas֨r As֤o Abtm֙ H֣m As֔im A֖d Hi֥om Hzֽh: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 18   (37 verses)‬
1: 18 And it was in the middle of the sixth year that the son of Elah, the son of Elah, came up, saying, "Behold, your son, the son of Israel, is not your son Hazekiah, son of one of your brothers? Your inheritance is Yahweh."
2: 18 He was a son of ten years, and he was five years old, and he was there in the kingdom of Israel, and there were ten of them, and the people of Israel were satisfied, because they were destroyed, because they were not in Birusshalam, but their name was because of his mother's father, because he was not the daughter of Zechariah.
3:18 And the servant of the Levites was ashamed of the eyes of Yahweh, because he was like the king of Asher, who made him king of his father.
4: 18 H֣oa | Hs֣ir At-hbm֗ot and Sbr֙ At-hmtzb֔t and Cr֖t At-hֽasr֑h and Ctt֩ Nh֨s Hnh֜st Asr-as֣h Ms֗h C֣i Ad-him֤im Hh֙mh֙ Hi֤o Bnֽi-isral֙ Mktr֣im L֔o and Ikra-l֖o Nhstֽn:
5: 18 Behold, God is the God of Israel, and he is his father, and he is his father, and he is his father, and he is his father, and he is his father, and he is his father, and he is his father, and he is his wife.
6: 18 And he blessed him, and he brought him to the house of the LORD, and he gave him no more money, and he kept his promise, and the commandment was fulfilled, and the commandment was fulfilled, and the commandment of the LORD was not fulfilled.
7:18 And Yahweh, the LORD, was with him in the midst of which He had given up his strength, and he gave birth to him in the midst of the fire of Assyria, and he did not serve his servants.
8: 18 And the women of the tribe of Pharisees, the children of Israel, and the mighty men of Israel, were numbered among the mighty, and the children of Nazareth were also raised up from the wilderness of Mizor.
9: 18 ֽih֞i Bsn֤h Hֽrbiait֙ Lm֣lc Hzki֔ho H֚ia Hsn֣h Hsbia֔it Lhos֥a Bn-al֖h M֣lc Isra֑l Al֞h Slmna֧sr Mֽlc-as֛or Al-smr֖on and I֥tzr Alֽih:
10: 18 And the children of the tribe of Israel went up to the city of Shesh, and there was a second day, in the year of the sixth month of Cheshvan, which was a year of mourning for the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, because of their inheritance, they were not saved,
11: 18 And the angel of the king of Israel went up to the house of Israel, saying, "As soon as I saw the fire, and I gave it to them in the midst of the fire, and I loved it, and I saw it, and I saw it, and I saw it, and I saw it."
12: 18 And he said unto him, I pray thee, thou shalt not go in the voice of the LORD: but the LORD hath given them strength; and he hath taken away the covenant of the LORD, and hath given him the commandment of all things, that is, the commandment of the servant of Moses, that is, the commandment of the LORD, and of him, that he may not hear.
13:18 And on the ninth day of the ninth month of the twentieth century, behold, I will come to you, and I will come to you, behold, I will go up to you, and I will bring you to the land of Israel, and I will bring you to the land of Israel.
14: 18 Isl֣h Hzki֣h Mֽlc-ihod֣h Al-mֽlc-asor֩ | Lc֨ish | Lam֤r | Ht֙ati֙ S֣ob Mֽal֔i A֛t Asr-tt֥n Al֖i As֑a and I֨sm Mֽlc-as֜or Al-hzki֣h Mֽlc-ihod֗h Sl֤s Maot֙ Ccr-c֔sf and Sls֖im Cc֥r Zhֽb:
15: 18 And Zedekiah gave him all the house of the sword, and he brought it to the house of the LORD, and it came to him, and he came to the house of the LORD, and came out of the house.
16: 18 Behold, this is the meaning of the word of the law, and the commandment of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD.
17: 18 Isl֣h Mֽlc-as֡or At-trt֥n and At-rb-sr֣is | and At-rb-sk֨h Mn-lc֜is Al-hm֧lc Hzki֛ho Bh֥il Cb֖d Irosl֑m and ֽialo֙ and Ib֣ao Irosl֔m and Ial֣o and Ib֗ao and Iֽamdo֙ Btalt֙ Hbrc֣h Hֽalion֔h As֕r Bmsl֖t Sd֥h Cobֽs:
18:18 And the children of the tribe of Israel came unto them, and the children of Elijah came to them, and the son of Hilkiah was afraid of him. As for the father of the fathers, and the captivity, and the son of Esau, the son of Asaph, the son of Isaac.
19:18 And the Lord said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not say unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go down unto him: for thou shalt go down unto the great, that is, the great, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty.
20:18 If thou art a woman, thou shalt give up thy word, but it shall be her husband: and thou shalt raise up her bread: thou shalt not fight against it, but thou shalt not go into the midst of thine eyes.
21: 18 At֡h Hn֣h Bt֣ht Lc֡ Al-msant֩ Hkn֨h Hrtz֤otz Hzh֙ Al-mtzr֔im As֨r Ism֥c Ais֙ Al֔io and B֥a Bcf֖o and Nkb֑h C֚n Fra֣h Mֽlc-mtzr֔im Lcֽl-hbth֖im Alֽio:
22: 18 Ci-tamr֣on Al֔i Al-iho֥h Alh֖ino Bt֑hno Hloa-h֗oa As֨r Hs֤ir Hzki֙ho֙ At-bmt֣io and At-mzbht֔io and I֤amr Lֽihodh֙ and Lir֣osl֔m Lfni֙ Hmzb֣h Hz֔h Tֽstho֖o Biroslֽm:
23: 18 And when thou hast gone astray, thou shalt reproach the LORD: thou shalt surely go down to the wall, and thou shalt surely give it unto thee: and thou shalt not cling unto them, but if thou art circumcised, thou shalt give them unto thee, and thou shalt not lift up them.
24: 18 And your hands shall be turned away, and they shall be turned away from me, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
25: 18 But the LORD hath taken away the LORD, O LORD, that I have made up for the wickedness of this land, to destroy it: the LORD hath gone astray, and is not the LORD; for I have gone up against this land, and this is the law, and the corruption of the LORD.
26: 18 I֣amr Alik֣im Bn-h֠lkiho and Sbn֨h and Ioa֜h Al-rb-sk֗h Dbr-n֤a Al-abd֙ic֙ Arm֔it C֥i Sma֖im An֑hno and Al-tdb֤r Am֙no֙ Ihod֔it Bazn֣i Ha֔m As֖r Al-hhmֽh:
27: 18 I֨amr Alih֜m Rb-sk֗h Ha֨l Adn֤ic and Al֙ic֙ Slh֣ni Adn֔i Ldb֖r At-hdbr֣im Ha֑lh Hl֣a Al-hans֗im Hiֽsbim֙ Al-h֣hm֔h Lac֣l At [1] * Hrihm ** Tzoat֗m and Lst֛ot At- * teeth ** Mim֥i [c] [n] ** Your legs are still with you.
28: 18 And David went up to the house of his servant, and he came to the house of Gad, saying, O Yahud, thou shalt be glad, and he shall be glad, and he shall say: Hear, thou shalt not hear the word of the Lord, and go down to the house of the LORD;
29: 18 As for her, she said unto the king, Go not unto me, that thou shalt not give them bread, because I will not bring thee down, nor bring thee down from his hand.
30: 18 And unto the children of the children of Israel, behold, I will not bring you to the house of Yahweh, but the LORD, the son of the king, shall deliver us, O LORD, and give him no help; and thou shalt give the light of the fire, that which is the seed of the seed of thy seed;
31: 18 Aֽl-tsma֖o Al-hzki֑ho Ci֩ C֨h Am֜r M֣lc As֗or Asֽo-at֤i Brch֙ and Tza֣o Al֔i and Acl֤o Ais-gfno֙ and A֣is Taֽnt֔o and St֖o A֥is Mֽi-borֽo:
32: 18 Ad-bai֩ and Lkht֨i Atc֜m Al-a֣rtz Cartzc֗m Artz֩ Dg֨n and Tir֜os A֧rtz L֣hm and Crm֗im A֣rtz Z֤it Itzhr֙ and Db֔s and ֽhi֖o and L֣a Tm֑to and Aֽl-tsmao֙ Al-hzki֔ho Cֽi-is֤it Atcm֙ Lam֔r Iho֖h Itzilֽno:
33: 18 The king commanded him, Come, O God! Behold, I will come to them, and I will give him his land, and I will give him his inheritance.
34: 18 Where is the LORD, O God, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD, and the people of Israel?
35: 18 In the name of God, I am the LORD, the earth of the earth, which hath brought down their land from Meidah, for the children of YHVH have brought Jehoshalom down from their hands.
36: 18 And the people shall be ashamed, and they shall not be angry with him, but they shall bring him to justice: for the commandment of the king is not yours, but they are not the truth, nor are they satisfied with him.
37: 18 Ib֣a Alik֣im Bn-hlki֣h Asr-al-h֠bit and Sbn֨a Hsf֜r and Ioa֨h Bn-as֧f Hmzc֛ir Al-hzki֖ho Kroa֣i Bgd֑im and Ig֣do L֔o Dbr֖i Rb-skֽh:
‪xxxx  Chapter 19   (37 verses)‬
1: 19 And he came to me, when the people of Israel came to him, and he brought him to the house of Hazekiah, and brought him to the house of his children, and brought them to the land, and he brought them to the house of Yahweh.
2: 19 And he sent Elishak, who was with the children of the tribe, and the captives, the captives, and the young men, the children of the Canaanites, and the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land.
And Moses said to him, "Behold, I will bring you to the land of Israel." And Moses said to him, "Behold, I will destroy you, and I will bring it to you." This is what is meant by the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel, who are returning to the land of Israel, and they are the sons of Israel.
4: 19 Aol֡i Isma֩ Iho֨h Alh֜ic A֣t | Cl-dbr֣i Rb-sk֗h Asr֩ Slh֨o Mֽlc-as֤or | Adnio֙ Lhrf֙ Alh֣im H֔i and Hoc֙ih֙ Bdbr֔im As֥r Sm֖a LORD Alh֑ic and Ns֣at Tfl֔h Ba֥d Hsar֖it Hnmtzaֽh:
5:19 And Job came to him, and worshiped him, and the king gave him strength to him, but he did not go to his captivity.
6: 19 and I֤amr Lhm֙ Isֽai֔ho C֥h Tamr֖on Al-adֽnic֑m C֣h | Am֣r Iho֗h Al-tira֙ Mfn֤i Hdbrim֙ As֣r Sm֗at As֧r Gdf֛o Nar֥i Mֽlc-as֖or Atֽi:
7: 19 Behold, ye have given it to the Lord, and the Lord has given him a charge, and he has returned to his land, and his foolishness is in his heart, and in his land.
6:19 And it was, when the great man was with her, that she found her, and brought them to the house of the women, and they went down, and cast them upon their hearts, because they were afraid of them, so that they might go away from the king of Israel.
9: 19 And he went up to the house of Tharatha, the king of the tribe of Kush. [1] Lamar, the son of the king, returned to the land, and he returned to you, and he returned to him, and he returned, and he returned to the land of Israel, and he returned to El-Hazeky,
10: 19 C֣h Tamr֗on Al-hzki֤ho Mֽlc-ihodh֙ Lam֔r Al-isac֣ Alh֔ic As֥r At֛h Bt֥h B֖o Lam֑r L֤a Tntn֙ Ir֣osl֔m Bi֖d M֥lc Asֽor:
11: 19 Behold, thou shalt surely go forth, that I may go astray, but I will not go down to the land of Israel, but I will go down to all the land, and I will come to them, and I will destroy them, and thou shalt be saved.
12: 19 Thou shalt bring them unto them, O God, for they are the nations, and they are the men of the land. And the people of the land of the land of Israel, which is not in the thirtieth of the year.
13:19 My mother, your servant, is your father, your servant, your father, your father, your father, your lord, your lord, your lord, your lord, your enemy, your enemy! "
14:19 And Hezekiah, the Chazakiah, took him away from the house of the kings, and called them, and he called on them to come, the LORD his God, and he gave him his bread, and he gave him bread to the LORD.
15: 19 Itfl֨l Hzki֜ho Lfn֣i Ihoh֮ and Iamr֒ Iho֞h Alh֤i Isral֙ Is֣b Hcrb֔im Ath-h֤oa Hֽalhim֙ Lbdc֔ Lc֖l Mmlc֣ot Ha֑rtz At֣h As֔it At-hsm֖im and At-haֽrtz:
16: 19 The LORD hath sent thee, O LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
17: 19 Believe them, O Jehovah, the greatest of his enemies is the king, and they shall not be ashamed of their nations, nor their land.
18:19 And they gave him the word of God, because he had come to him, because he was not God, because he was afraid of them, but because he did what he did to them, so he said to them: 'I am afraid of them, and I will not see them.'
19:19 And the time came, O LORD, O God, our God, the Lord of the earth, and the Lord of the earth, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
20: 19 Islh֙ Isֽai֣ho Bn-am֔otz Al-hzki֖ho Lam֑r Cֽh-am֤r Ihoh֙ Alh֣i Isra֔l As֨r Htfl֧lt Al֛i Al-snhr֥b Mֽlc-as֖or Smֽati:
21: 19 And this is the commandment of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
22: 19 And you shall not be afraid, and I will be afraid of you, and I will go up against you, and I will lift up my fire, and you shall be ashamed;
23: 19 Bi֣d Mlacic֮ Hr֣ft | Adni֒ and T֗amr * ** vehicle Br֥b Rcb֛i An֥i Al֛iti Mr֥om Hr֖im Irct֣i Lbn֑on and Acr֞t Kom֤t Arzio֙ Mbh֣or Brs֔io and Ab֙oah֙ Ml֣on Ktz֔h [q] I֖ar Crmlֽo:
24: 19 I am my father, my father, and my wife, and I have been married to you, who are strangers, and are still fighting in the palm of my hand, so that I will not be afraid of them.
25: 19 Behold, thou shalt not go down to Me, but I will bring you forth: for I have done it to the Lord, and I have given it to the children of Israel, and I have given it to them, and I have given it to them, and I have given it to them, and they have given it to them.
26: 19 And he that dwelt was the king of the children of the children of the tribe of Hatham, and the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel, and of the land of the land of Israel, which was the gate of Galilee, and of the tribe of Judah, to the south of Israel.
27: 19 And thy tribe shall be gone, and thy will shall come, and I will bring thee into my hand: and I will bring thee, and I will bring thee to thy feet,
28: 19 I֚an Htrgzc֣ Al֔i and Sannc֖ Al֣h Bazn֑i and Smt֨i Hh֜i Baf֗c and Mtgi֙ Bsft֔ic and Hs֣bt֔ic Bd֖rc Asr-b֥at Bֽh:
29: 19 And this is your name, that is, the wives of the women of the second year, the sword of the sword, and of the young woman, of the six hundred years of age, and of the sixth wife, of the sixth wife, of the seed, and of his children, and of his children, and of his children, and of his children.
30: 19 And he gave up the house of Philathath, the daughter of Jehoiada, the son of Judah, the son of Seraph, the wife of Mamathah, and of Asah, the daughter of Perah, of the tribe of Malah.
31: 19 When they were born, they were born, but they were not, but they were left, and they were not, and they were not, and they were the children of the children of Zion, and the children of Zion, the children of Zion, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
32: 19 For this is like the truth of the LORD, the Lord is your God, your Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, and the Son of God.
33: 19 Behold, thou shalt be sure that there is a son, there is a son, and this is the light, and this is not the land, but the son of Yahweh.
34: 19 And Genoite, unto the light of the day, I beseech thee, I pray thee, that thou mayest be satisfied, that I may not go into the midst of it, and unto the midst of me, the Lord is the servant of my servant.
35: 19 Ihi֮ Bl֣ilh Hhoa֒ and Itz֣a | Mla֣c Iho֗h and Ic֙ Bmhn֣h As֔or Ma֛h Smon֥im and Hms֖h A֑lf and Isc֣imo Bb֔kr and Hn֥h Cl֖m Fgr֥im Mtֽim:
36:19 And he said, And he will come to you, and he will return to the place of Sihar, and he will return from the land of Mesopotamia, and he that dwells in us will not return to her.
37: 19 Ihi֩ H֨oa Mֽstho֜h B֣it | Nsr֣c Alh֗io and ֽadrm֨lc and Sra֤tzr ** Bnio֙ [a] Hc֣ho Bh֔rb and H֥mh Nmlt֖o A֣rtz Arr֑t and Iml֛c Aֽsr-hd֥n Bn֖o Thtֽio: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 20   (21 verses)‬
1: 20 Bim֣im Hh֔m Hl֥h Hzki֖ho Lm֑ot and Ib֣a A֠lio Isai֨ho Bn-am֜otz Hnb֗ia and I֨amr Al֜io Cֽh-am֤r Ihoh֙ Tz֣o Lbit֔c C֛i M֥t At֖h and L֥a Tֽhiֽh:
2:20 And he casteth his face unto the kohl, and he turned to the LORD, and said unto him, Behold, I am not afraid.
3:20 I am the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Son of Zion, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
4: 20 And there was a salvation for the people of Israel, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
5: 20 S֣ob and Amrt֞ Al-hzki֣ho Ngid-am֗i Cֽh-am֤r Ihoh֙ Alhi֙ Do֣d Ab֔ic Sm֙ati֙ At-tflt֔c Ra֖iti At-dmat֑c Hnni֙ R֣fa L֔c Biom֙ Hslis֔i Tal֖h B֥it Ihoֽh:
6: 20 Hsft֣i Al-im֗ic Hm֤s Asrh֙ Sn֔h and Mc֤f Mֽlc-asor֙ Atz֣ilc֔ and A֖t Ha֣ir Hz֑at and Gnoti֙ Al-ha֣ir Hz֔at Lmֽan֔i and Lm֖an Do֥d Abdֽi:
7: 20 And he said, "My servant, I will take him away; take him away, and you will be taken away, and he will take him, and he will take him up, and he will be thirsty for his strength."
8: 20 And Moses said to Hazekai, "Behold, I have come to the house of Jeshai, and I will bring him to you, and I will be with you; for I am not afraid of you, but I am afraid of you, and I will not be afraid of you."
9: 20 And Moses said to him, This is your God, this is your God; he is the God of the people, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Savior, the Savior, the Lord, the Lord, the Savior, the Savior, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne.
10: 20 And he said unto him, Ye shall give him strength, and he shall not go astray, and he shall not go astray; but he shall not be afraid; and he shall not be afraid;
11: 20 And Korah saw that he was afraid of him, because he was the prophet; he was the God of the people, and he was the one who restored the commandment, and he rose up in the depths of the earth, and he rose up, trembling, in the midst of the fire, and there was a burning fire, and the fire was still burning.
12: 20 In the midst of this, which is the same, that is, in the flesh of the Lord, and in the land of the Lord, in the midst of the children of Israel, and in the midst of the children of Israel, where is the king of the children of Israel, and the son of the son of Hazekiah, who is with him?
13: 20 Ism֣a Alihm֮ Hzkiho֒ and Ira֣m At-cl-b֣it Nct֡h [q] At-hcsf֩ and At-hzh֨b and At-hbsm֜im and A֣t | S֣mn Ht֗ob and At֙ B֣it Cl֔io and A֛t Cl-as֥r Nmtz֖a Baֽotzrt֑io Lֽa-hi֣h Db֗r A֠sr Lֽa-hra֧m Hzki֛ho Bbit֖o and Bcl- From the beginning of his reign
14: 20 Iba֙ Isֽai֣ho Hnb֔ia Al-hm֖lc Hzki֑ho and I֨amr Al֜io M֥h Amr֣o | Hans֣im Ha֗lh and Ma֙in֙ Ib֣ao Al֔ic and I֙amr֙ Hzki֔ho Ma֧rtz Rhok֛h B֖ao Mbbֽl:
15:20 And he said, "Behold, behold, I see you in the house of your house, and I will say to you, 'My son, my father, my father!'" I said, "All my heart is gone, my house is not, but my eyes are not;
16:20 And Moses said to him, Bring him to Hazekiah, for he is the one who hears the word of the LORD.
17: 20 Behold, there is a day, when it comes to you, and I will be ashamed of you, and I will return to you, and my wife will be victorious, and your father will be with you, even if this is not your hope.
18: 20 And your son, your son, is as a man, and he shall not go out of your land; but I will go down to you, and thou shalt not be afraid of him. And he shall be with him, and he shall be with him, and he shall be with thee.
19: 20 And Moses said to Hazekai, "Behold, I will come to you, and I will bring you to the house of the LORD, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you."
20: 20 I֨tr Dbr֤i Hzki֙ho֙ and Cl-gb֣ort֔o and As֣r As֗h At-hbrch֙ and At-htal֔h and Ib֥a At-hm֖im Ha֑irh Hla-h֣m Ctob֗im Al-s֛fr Dbr֥i Him֖im Lmlc֥i Ihodֽh:
21:20 And the husband of Hazek, his father, was with him, and his father was with him, and he came to you from Manasseh with his sons;
‪xxxx  Chapter 21   (26 verses)‬
1: 21 The son of Shesh was twelve years old; he was a man of the tribe of Malak, five hundred and fifty, and five of them were six hundred years old, and they were not in Birusshalam, but their nation had become a nation of his own.
2: 21 And the people of the land went up in the eye of the LORD, the LORD, the daughter of the daughter of Jacob, and of the tribe of Haggai, for there was none, and there was none, and there was none, and there was none, and there was none, and there was none;
3: 21 I֗sb and I֙bn֙ At-hbm֔ot As֥r Ab֖d Hzki֣ho Ab֑io and I֨km Mzbh֜t Lb֗al and I֤as Asrh֙ Cas֣r As֗h Ahab֙ M֣lc Isra֔l and Ist֙ho֙ Lcl-tzb֣a Hsm֔im and ֽiab֖d Atֽm:
4:21 And the son of Zebedah begat the son of Yahweh, which was with him, that the LORD had given birth to the LORD, the LORD, and the son of Jeroboam, but they had not taken the name of the LORD.
5:21 21 And the son of Zebath, the captain of the tribe, went to the wilderness, but there was nothing in the house, but the house of the LORD was with her.
6: 21 And the sons of Laban were bright in their eyes; and they were angry with them, and they were ashamed, and they were afraid of them, and they knew that they were afraid to do what they wanted.
7: 21 I֕sm At-f֥sl Hasr֖h As֣r As֑h Bb֗it As֨r Am֤r Ihoh֙ Al-dod֙ and Al-slm֣h Bn֔o Bb֨it Hz֜h and Birosl֗m As֤r Bh֙rti֙ Mcl֙ Sbt֣i Isra֔l As֥im At-sm֖i Laolֽm:
8: 21 and L֣a As֗if Lhnid֙ R֣gl Isra֔l Mn-h֣adm֔h As֥r Nt֖ti Lֽabot֑m R֣k | Am-ismr֣o Las֗ot Ccl֙ As֣r Tzoit֔im and Lcl-h֨tor֔h Asr-tzo֥h At֖m Abd֥i Msֽh:
9: 21 And they did not go astray, but they did not commit adultery, because they did not do the commandment of the LORD, because they were ashamed of them, because the LORD was the one who gave birth to them.
10: 21 And the LORD said unto him, Behold, in the hand of the servant, the sons of the prophet shall be born, and they shall be faithful.
11: 21 Ian֩ As֨r As֜h Mns֤h Mֽlc-ihodh֙ Htab֣ot Ha֔lh Hr֕a Mc֛l Asr-as֥o Hamr֖i As֣r Lfn֑io and Iht֥a Gֽm-at-ihod֖h Bglolֽio: P.
12: 21 For this is the truth, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD is the God of Israel, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD.
13: 21 Nt֣iti Al-irosl֗m A֚t K֣o Sֽmr֔on and At-msk֖lt B֣it Aha֑b and Mh֨iti At-irosl֜m Cֽasr-imh֤h At-htzl֙ht֙ Mh֔h and Hf֖c Al-fnֽih:
14: 21 And you shall not be ashamed, but the remnant of the remnant of the inheritance of Nahlath, and I will give to you, and I will give it to them, and I will give it to them, and they will be given it to me, and I will not give it to all its enemies.
15: 21 The Lord, the Lord, is the Lord, who has done the evil thing in the eyes of the LORD, and he is the one who is angry with me. Why are you not afraid of me, because I am afraid that their father has gone out of their way, their father is the king of Nazareth, and this is the land of the enemy of this land?
16: 21 Gm֩ D֨m Nk֜i Sf֤c Mnsh֙ Hrb֣h Ma֔d A֛d Asr-ml֥a At-irosl֖m F֣h Lf֑h Lb֤d Mֽhtato֙ As֣r Hht֣ia At-ihod֔h Las֥ot Hr֖a Bain֥i Ihoֽh:
17: 21 And the word of the word of the LORD shall be given to him, and he shall do all things, and he shall do his iniquity: as he hath committed, he hath sinned, they shall not be thine, but they shall repent unto him, and they shall not be broken;
18: 21 And he dwelt in the midst of Manasseh with his father's father, and dwelt in the garden of the house of his house, in Gan-Uzza, whereupon.
19: 21 And the son of Asher, and they were married two hundred years, and they were numbered in their midst, and they were destroyed, because they were not circumcised in their inheritance, and their mother had given birth to them, because he had not yet taken another daughter-in-law.
20:21 And he did that which was in the mind of the LORD, because he was as a wife, because he did not suffer from his wife because of his father.
21:21 And he went in all the ways of which the fathers of his fathers were, and they went up to the gallows, and the men of the tribe of Abad returned to his father, and they gave their inheritance to them.
22: 21 And Boaz hath taken away the LORD, O God, that is, his father is his father, and he is not, and he is not in you, because the LORD your God is with you.
23: 21 And his servant, his servant, conspired against him, and brought him to his house, and brought him to his house.
24: 21 And the people of the land, all the men of the thorns, went up against the Ammonites, and the Ammonites came, and the people of the land came upon him, and made him captive;
25: 21 And he said unto them, Speak unto me, O mother of men: for they have done as they have done, but they are not as they are written unto the scepter. Speak unto them, that they may return to the kingdom of Yahweh.
26: 21 And he went up to his house, and he came to him in the morning, saying, "Behold, I will come to you in the garden of Uzza, and I will not go to you."
‪xxxx  Chapter 22   (20 verses)‬
1:22 22 The son of Shemon, the first year of Josiah, his father, was in Molk, and his name was three hundred years, and the second day was the month of the month, when they were born in Jerusalem, and their name was fulfilled, and his mother was with him, and he was with him, the daughter of Adan.
2:22 And the one who did the thing went astray in the eyes of the LORD, and he came to you in all the ways of the LORD, because the LORD was his father, and his father was not afraid;
3:22 And it came to pass, in the name of Esau, that Esau was nine years old, that he had given birth to his wives, and that he had given them the son of his son, the son of his son, the son of them, the son of their captors, of the sword of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD of hosts.
4: 22 And the people of Elijah, the sons of Hoch, went up against them, and the priests, the great men of the tribe, and brought them to the house of the sword, and brought them forth: the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the God of Israel.
5: 22 And he gave it to him, and he gave it to him over the hand of the servant, and he made it to the house of the LORD, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him.
6: 22 And the sons of the sons of the Levites, and the sons of the Levites, and the sons of Hagar, and the sons of the sons of Israel, and the sons of Israel, the Mahathazites, the Levites, the Levites, the Levites;
7:22 22 But if you are not ashamed, do not give them back, because they are the ones who are in the hands of the children, because they are on their hands, because they are in their faith, because they are doing what they do.
And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt give them to the people, and they shall be called to him: and they shall bring them to the house of the LORD.
9: 22 and Ib֞a Sf֤n Hsfr֙ Al-hm֔lc and I֥sb At-hm֖lc Db֑r and I֗amr Ht֤ico Abd֙ic֙ At-hc֙sf֙ Hnmtz֣a Bb֔it and ֽitn֗ho Al-id֙ As֣i Hmlac֔h Hmfkd֖im B֥it Ihoֽh:
10:22 And Haggadah, the captain of the tribe, went to the king, saying unto you, Come, I will go down to the house of the king, and I will go down to you, and I will come to thee, and I will come to thee, and I will come to you.
11:22 And I will be with you, when I will come to you, who will take away the word of the Torah, and I will bring it to you.
12: 22 Itz֣o Hm֡lc At-hlki֣h Hch֡n and At-ahik֣m Bn-s֠fn and At-acb֨or Bn-mici֜h and A֣t | Sf֣n Hsf֗r and A֛t Asi֥h Aֽbd-hm֖lc Lamֽr:
13: 22 Lco֩ Drs֨o At-iho֜h Bad֣i and Bad-ha֗m and Bad֙ Cl-ihod֔h Al-dbr֛i Hs֥fr Hnmtz֖a Hz֑h Cֽi-gdol֞h Hm֣t Iho֗h Asr-hia֙ Ntzt֣h B֔no Al֩ As֨r Lֽa-sma֜o Abt֗ino Al-dbri֙ Hs֣fr Hz֔h Las֖ot Ccl-hct֥ob Alֽino:
14: 22 I֣lc Hlki֣ho H֠chn and Ahik֨m and Acb֜or and Sf֣n and Asi֗h Al-hld֨h Hnbia֜h A֣st | Sl֣m Bn-tko֗h Bn-hrhs֙ Sm֣r Hbgd֔im and H֛ia Is֥bt Birosl֖m Bmsn֑h and ֽidbr֖o Alֽih:
15:22 And Moses said unto her, Thus is the LORD, O God, the LORD, O God, the God of Israel, saying, Behold, say unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be ashamed, because thou art not with them, but with me.
16:22 22 Thus the mother, the LORD, is ashamed; for she is a man, because she is evil; she is the God of the wicked, and this is the man, and she is not in the house, nor is there any thing that dwelleth in me.
17: 22 Thou shalt go down, and I will be with thee, and I will bring it unto thee, and I will give it to the LORD, and I will give it to thee, and I will give it to thee, and I will give it to thee, and I will give it to thee.
18: 22 And unto the Lord, O Yahweh, that is the man that hath sent thee down, to destroy the house of the LORD, thou shalt say unto him, Say, Thou art not, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, I pray thee, O God, I pray thee unto the Lord, and I will not give up thy name.
19: 22 I֠an Rc-lb֨bc֜ and Tcn֣a | Mfn֣i Iho֗h Bֽsmac֡ As֣r Dbrti֩ Al-hmk֨om Hz֜h and Al-isb֗io Lhi֤ot Lsmh֙ and Lkll֔h and Tkra֙ At-bgd֔ic and Tbc֖h Lfn֑i and G֧m Anc֛i Sm֖ati Nam-ihoֽh:
20: 22 Lcn֩ Hnn֨i Aֽsfc֜ Al-abt֗ic and Nasft֣ Al-kbrtic֮ Bslom֒ and La-tra֣inh Ain֔ic Bcl֙ Hֽra֔h Asr-an֥i Mb֖ia Al-hmk֣om Hz֑h and Is֥ibo At-hm֖lc Dbֽr:
‪xxxx  Chapter 23   (37 verses)‬
1:23 And the king of Israel came to you, and he gave up all his people, all the people of the land, Yahweh, and Jehorash,
2: 23 I֣al Hm֣lc Bit-iho֡h and Cl-a֣is Ihodh֩ and Cl-isb֨i Irosl֜m At֗o and Hcֽhnim֙ and Hnbia֔im and Cl-ha֖m Lmkt֣n and Ad-gd֑ol and Ikr֣a Baznih֗m At-cl-dbri֙ S֣fr Hbr֔it Hnmtz֖a Bb֥it Ihoֽh:
3: 23 Iam֣d H֠mlc Aֽl-h֨am֜od and Icr֥t Aֽt-hbr֣it | Lfn֣i Iho֗h Ll֜ct Ah֤r Ihoh֙ and Lsm֨r Mtzoֺt֜io and At-adoֺt֤io and At-hktio֙ Bcl-l֣b and Bcl-n֔fs Lhk֗im At-dbri֙ Hbr֣it Hz֔at Hctb֖im Al-hs֣fr Hz֑h and Iam֥d Cl-ha֖m Bbrֽit:
4: 23 Itz֣o Hm֡lc At-hlkiho֩ Hch֨n Hgd֜ol and At-chn֣i Hmsnh֮ and At-smr֣i Hsf֒ Lhotzia֙ Mhic֣l Iho֔h A֣t Cl-hcl֗im Hֽasoim֙ Lb֣al and Lֽasr֔h and Lc֖l Tzb֣a Hsm֑im and ֽisrf֞m Mh֤otz Lirosl֙m֙ Bsdm֣ot Kdr֔on and Ns֥a At-afr֖m Bֽit-aֽl:
5: 23 Hsb֣it At-hcmr֗im As֤r Nֽtno֙ Mlc֣i Ihod֔h and Ikt֤r Bbmot֙ Bar֣i Ihod֔h and Msb֖i Irosl֑m and At-hֽmktr֣im Lb֗al Ls֤ms and Lir֙h֙ and Lmzl֔ot and Lc֖l Tzb֥a Hsmֽim:
6: 23 Itz֣a At-hasrh֩ Mb֨it Iho֜h Mh֤otz Lirosl֙m֙ Al-n֣hl Kdr֔on and Isr֥f At֛h Bn֥hl Kdr֖on and I֣dk Laf֑r and Islc֙ At-afr֔h Al-k֖br Bn֥i Haֽm:
7:23 And Ruth cut off the house of the children of the sanctuary, and as the LORD said, "Behold, the LORD is the LORD, the wife of Abraham, the son of Israel."
8: 23 and Ib֤a At-cl-hcֽhnim֙ Mar֣i Ihod֔h and Itm֣a At-hbm֗ot As֤r Ktro-s֙mh֙ Hc֣hn֔im Mg֖ba Ad-ba֣r S֑ba and Nt֞tz At-bm֣ot Hsar֗im Asr-f֜th S֤ar Ihos֙a֙ Sr-ha֔ir Asֽr-al-sm֥aol A֖is Bs֥ar Haֽir:
9:23 23 Wherefore are ye, that ye may not be ashamed, that they may go down to the house of the LORD, and bring them to the house of the LORD, O God, in Yerushalayim, for they are not, but if they eat, they shall not be put to death, their daughter-in-law, their brethren.
10: 23 And you shall bring the plague, as it is in the midst of the children of the son of the son, that you may not be ashamed;
11: 23 Isb֣t At-hsos֗im As֣r Ntno֩ Mlc֨i Ihod֤h Ls֙ms֙ Mb֣a Bit-iho֔h Al-lsct֙ Ntn-m֣lc Hsr֔is As֖r Bfror֑im and At-mrcb֥ot Hs֖ms Sr֥f Baֽs:
12: 23 Aֽt-hֽmzbh֡ot As֣r Al-hgg֩ Ali֨t Ah֜z Asr-as֣o | Mlc֣i Ihod֗h and At-hֽmzbhot֙ Asr-as֣h Mns֔h Bst֛i Htzr֥ot Bit-iho֖h Nt֣tz Hm֑lc and I֣rtz Ms֔m and Hsl֥ic At-afr֖m Al-n֥hl Kdrֽon:
13: 23 ֽat-hbm֞ot As֣r | Al-fn֣i Irosl֗m Asr֮ Mim֣in Lhr-hmshit֒ As֣r B֠nh Slm֨h Mֽlc-isra֜l Last֣rt | Sk֣tz Tzidn֗im and Lcmos֙ Sk֣tz Moa֔b and Lmlc֖m Toab֣t Bnֽi-am֑on Tm֖a Hmֽlc:
14: 23 And the commandment of the camp shall be broken, and they shall cut off the fire of the fire, and they shall bring the place of the people into their hands, and they shall bring them down.
15: 23 G֨m At-hmzb֜h As֣r Bbֽit-a֗l Hbmh֙ As֨r As֜h Irba֤m Bn-nbt֙ As֣r Hht֣ia At-isra֔l G֣m At-hmzb֧h Hh֛oa and At-hbm֖h Nt֑tz and Isr֧f At-hbm֛h Hd֥k Laf֖r and Sr֥f Asrֽh:
16: 23 I֣fn Iasi֗ho and I֨ra At-hkbr֤im Asr-sm֙ Bh֔r and Isl֗h and Ik֤h At-hֽatzmot֙ Mn-hkbr֔im and Isr֥f Al-hmzb֖h and ֽitma֑ho Cdb֣r Iho֗h As֤r Kra֙ A֣is Halh֔im As֣r Kr֔a At-hdbr֖im Haֽlh:
17: 23 I֕amr M֚h Htzi֣on Hl֔z As֖r An֣i Ra֑h and Iamr֨o Al֜io Ans֣i Ha֗ir Hk֤br Ais-hֽalhim֙ Asr-b֣a Mֽihod֔h and Ikr֗a At-hdbr֤im Ha֙lh֙ As֣r As֔it A֖l Hmzb֥h Bֽit-aֽl:
18: 23 And he said unto him, Behold, the son of Heshon is the king; and he is the man of the people of Israel, and the people of his people are not; and they are the rulers of the people, and the people of the land, the sons of the people, the wives of the children, and the children of Israel.
19: 23 Gm֩ At-cl-bt֨i Hbm֜ot As֣r | Bar֣i Smr֗on As֨r As֜o Mlc֤i Isral֙ Lhca֔is Hs֖ir Iֽasi֑ho and I֣as Lh֔m Ccl-hֽmas֔im As֥r As֖h Bbֽit-aֽl:
20:23 And he shall praise all the sons of the sons of the tribe, which is there, that is against the people of the tribe of Zechariah, and they shall utterly destroy the people; but they shall go up against them, and they shall return to their inheritance.
21: 23 And the king commanded him, saying, I have brought all the people of the land, that they have done it, and that they have given it to them, and they have given it to them, and they have given it to them, and they have given it to them, and they have not given it to them.
22: 23 When the Lord, the Lord of the World, came to the house, and he returned to the land, and he returned to the land, and he returned to the land of Israel, saying, "Behold, I am the Lord of the worlds, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel."
23:23 23 For if, in the name of the LORD, the tenth day of the year, it is not for thee, but for him, my father is his servant, that is, he that does not do this thing.
24: 23 G֣m At-hab֣ot and At-h֠idanim and At-htrf֨im and At-hgll֜im and A֣t Cl-hsktz֗im As֤r Nrao֙ Ba֤rtz Ihodh֙ and Bir֣osl֔m Ba֖r Iֽasi֑ho L֠man Hk֞im At-dbr֤i Htorh֙ Hctb֣im Al-hs֔fr As֥r Mtz֛a Hlki֥ho Hch֖n B֥it Ihoֽh:
25:23 And as for him, behold, he is not his son, he is his son, and he is his son, because he has turned away from the heart of his heart, and in all his soul, and in all his ways, as in the midst of his torment, and after his anger,
26: 23 And he said unto him, Lo, thou shalt not return, but the LORD, the LORD, shall be the last of his enemies, even unto him, the mighty one, that is, that which is in him, which is his father, that is, in him, that is, of him, and of him, and of all the anger, and of him, that he shall not be angry with him, nor shall he be angry with him.
27: 23 I֣amr Iho֗h G֤m At-ihodh֙ Asir֙ Ma֣l Fn֔i Cas֥r Hsr֖ti At-isra֑l and ֠masti At-ha֨ir Hz֤at Asr-bh֙rti֙ At-ir֣osl֔m and At-hb֔it As֣r Am֔rti Ihi֥h Sm֖i Sֽm:
28: 23 And the word of the LORD spoke to me, "My wives, my God, and all the people of Israel, do as they have done, so that they should not repent to the people of Israel." "Speak to me," said the king, "and I will return to you."
29: 23 Bim֡io Alh֩ Fra֨h Nc֧h Mֽlc-mtzr֛im Al-m֥lc As֖or Al-nhr-fr֑t and I֨lc Hm֤lc Iasi֙ho֙ Lkrat֔o and Imit֙ho֙ Bmgd֔o Crat֖o Atֽo:
30: 23 Ircb֨ho Abd֥io Mt֙ Mmgd֔o and Iba֙ho֙ Ir֣osl֔m and ֽikbr֖ho Bkbֽrt֑o and Ik֣h Am-ha֗rtz At-ihֽoahz֙ Bn-i֣asi֔ho and Imsh֥o At֛o and Iml֥ico At֖o T֥ht Abֽio: P.
31: 23 And the son of Asher, and the sixth year of his life, was Jehoahah, the son of the king of Israel, and his family, and they were in charge of their inheritance, and their land was destroyed, and their nation was destroyed, and they were destroyed.
32: 23 And he did that which was in the mind of the LORD, so that he might be like the king of the people who did his father's death.
33: 23 And they forbade him, because he was afraid of him, but in the land of Hamath, in the king, from the kingdom of you, and from the land of the land, from the land, from the sea, and from there to the south,
34: 23 Imlc֩ Fra֨h Nc֜h At-alik֣im Bn-iasi֗ho T֚ht Iasi֣ho Ab֔io and Is֥b At-sm֖o Ihoik֑im and At-ihoah֣z Lk֔h and Ib֥a Mtzr֖im and I֥mt Sֽm:
35: 23 Hc֣sf and Hzh֗b Nt֤n Ihoikim֙ Lfra֔h A֚c Har֣ic At-ha֔rtz Lt֥t At-hc֖sf Al-f֣i Fra֑h A֣is Carc֗o Ng֞s At-hc֤sf and At-hzhb֙ At-a֣m Ha֔rtz Lt֖t Lfra֥h Ncֽh: S.
36: 23 And the son of Esher was born, and he was five years old; the LORD was in the midst of his kingdom, and there was a tenth of the land of Israel, where they were destroyed, and they were destroyed in the city of Yerushalayim, and their land was destroyed, and their land was destroyed. Zebadah, Zebudah, the daughter of Pidai, the son of Meron.
37: 23 And he did that which was in the mind of the LORD, because he was like the king of Israel, who did his father's death.
‪xxxx  Chapter 24   (20 verses)‬
1:24 In the day of his death, the people of Nebuchadnezzar turned away from you, and in the midst of you, and he became his son, Yahweh, and he returned to him, and he returned to him, and there was a second time, and he returned, and he returned, and fell down.
2: 24 And the LORD Isl֣h | B֡o At-gdod֣i Csdim֩ and At-gdod֨i Ar֜m and A֣t | Gdod֣i Moa֗b and At֙ Gdod֣i Bnֽi-am֔on and Islh֥m Bֽihod֖h Lhֽabid֑o Cdb֣r Iho֔h As֣r Db֔r Bi֖d Abd֥io Hnbiaֽim:
2: 24 O God, O Lord, O Lord, O Lord, O Lord, I am the Lord, and I am the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, and of the people of Israel, of the people of Israel, of the people of Israel, of Israel, of the people of Israel.
4: 24 And when they were unclean, I saw that the people of Israel were watching you, and they brought the children of Israel to death, because they were unclean, and they were not the father, but Jehovah was the son of Saul.
5:24 And the word of the LORD spoke unto them, O Jehovah, that is, and all things that are done, they are not, but they are not written, they are reproached for their sins. Speak unto them, that they may return to the kingdom of Yahweh.
6: 24 And the LORD dwelt among the fathers of his fathers: and they were full of thee, the LORD thy God, and his sons were under him.
7:24 And it came to pass, that the people of Israel were in the midst of the land of Israel, that it was not their land, but the land of their land, because it was the land of the land, because of your inheritance, because of the land of the land of Mizrah, the land of Adar-Nahar, the city of Ashel, the land of Asher, which was called to Mizmel, the land of Nazareth.
8: 24 And the son of Shemon was nine years old: for he was twenty years old, because he was in the midst of his kingdom, and his family was there, and they were new, and they were not born in the city of Jerusalem, but their name was because of his mother's inheritance, and they were married to them, the daughter of Elanath, because of their inheritance.
9: 24 And he did that which was in the mind of the LORD, because he was like the king of Esau, who made him his father.
10: 24 In the midst of these things, behold, the children of the tribe of Abed, the sons of Nebuchadnezzar, of Mehrlech, of Babel, of Yerushalayim, of them, and of the tribe of Zephyr, of Nazareth, of Nazareth.
11: 24 And Nebuchadnezzar begat Mehl, the son of Baalblah, to go up in the air, and to his servants, and to him they besieged him.
12: 24 And the LORD will bring forth the LORD your God, and he will not be in the midst of the LORD, and he shall be his servant, and his servants, and his servants, and he will be filled with cruelty, and he will bring him forth, and he will give him his inheritance in the midst of the year of his name, to his kingdom.
13: 24 Iotz֣a Ms֗m At-cl-aotzrot֙ B֣it Iho֔h and Aֽotzr֖ot B֣it Hm֑lc and Iktz֞tz At-cl-cl֣i Hzh֗b As֨r As֜h Slm֤h Mֽlc-isral֙ Bhic֣l Iho֔h Cֽas֖r Db֥r Ihoֽh:
14: 24 Hgl֣h At-cl-i֠roslm and ֽat-cl-hsr֞im and A֣t | Cl-gbor֣i Hh֗il * Ten ** As֤rt Alfim֙ Gol֔h and Cl-hhr֖s and Hmsg֑r L֣a Nsa֔r Zol֖t Dl֥t Am-haֽrtz:
15: 24 And he will bring the people of the house, and the people of the kingdom, and the women of your inheritance, and the messengers of his people, and you shall die. Perhaps I will not see you, but I will see you, and I will see you, and I will return to you.
16: 24 And all the men of the tribe were gathered together, saying, "Behold, seven thousand years have passed, and this is the last time, and the one who has been crucified, the one who is mighty, is the mighty one, and the one who is doing the same thing, and he brought them up.
17: 24 And he murmured unto thee, Behold, thou shalt bring up the vessels of his hand: and thou shalt give him his bread, and he shall pour out his name, and it shall be his righteousness.
18: 24 And Ben-Asher and his brother Zedekiah were with him in the kingdom of his sons, and they were ten years old, because they had been destroyed, because they had not yet been rebelled against them, and they had been destroyed by their wickedness, and they had been destroyed, and the people of Israel were not in their midst.
19: 24 And it came to pass, that the LORD looked in the eyes of the LORD, and he said unto him, As it is done, which hath done unto thee, O LORD,
20:24 And the LORD said unto him, Behold, I am with thee, O LORD, that thou hast lived in Yerushalayim, but they are not in the house of the LORD, but they are in the house of the LORD, and they have been with them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 25   (30 verses)‬
1: 25 and Ihi֩ Bsn֨t Htsia֜it Lmlc֗o Bh֣ds Hasiri֮ Bas֣or Lhds֒ B֠a Nbcdnatz֨r Mֽlc-bb֜l H֧oa and Cl-hil֛o Al-irosl֖m and I֣hn Al֑ih and Ibn֥o Al֖ih Di֥k Sbֽib:
2:25 And it came to pass, that it was bright in the morning, that I had done it, that it was nine, that I had given it to thee, that I might go unto thee,
3: 25 And when he was nine years old, he went to the army, and he took hold of the evil, and he turned away from the fire, and it came to pass, that Leah was not with them, but they were not in the land.
4: 25 Tbk֣a Ha֗ir and Cl-ans֨i Hmlhm֤h | Hl֙ilh֙ D֜rc S֣ar | B֣in Hhmt֗im Asr֙ Al-g֣n Hm֔lc and Csd֥im Al-ha֖ir Sb֑ib and I֖lc D֥rc Harbֽh:
5: 25 And he turned down the sword of the scepter, and he took up his armor, and brought it to him, and he gave it to him in the spring of his bread, and his loins stretched out, and all the soldiers of his people were scattered with him from above.
6: 25 And you shall not be afraid to take away your hand, but go up to him, and go to him, and multiply, and multiply: and you shall speak, and you shall not be afraid of him.
7: 25 And the children of Zadokiah, the sons of the tribe of Zadokiah, made him captive to his captivity, and his eyes, and his eyes, and his eyes, and his eyes, and his eyes, and his eyes, and his eyes, and his eyes, and his eyes.
8: 25 and Bh֤ds Hֽhmisi֙ Bsba֣h Lh֔ds H֗ia Snt֙ Tsֽa-asr֣h Sn֔h Lm֖lc Nbcdnatz֣r Mֽlc-bb֑l B֞a Nbozrad֧n Rb-tbh֛im A֥bd Mֽlc-bb֖l Iroslֽm:
9: 25 And they brought the house of the LORD, the LORD, and the daughter of the king, and all the daughters of Israel, all the children of Jerusalem, and all the children of Gad, and the children of Israel, who were in captivity.
10: 25 And the people of Jerusalem, even the children of Gibeon, were scattered among them; all the men of Galilee were as they were, but they were not as great as they were.
11: 25 And the people of the tribe of Hainam, the men of the tribe of Baע֗֜r, and the Nֽֽֽֽֽֽ ֽֽ֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙ ֤֤ נ נ֤ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙ ֣֗ ב:::֖֖֖֖֖֖֙֙
12: 25 And the greatness of the land was that which was bright, and they were great, and they were great, and they were not afraid.
13: 25 At-amod֨i Hnh֜st As֣r Bit-iho֗h and ֽat-hmcn֞ot and At-i֧m Hnh֛st As֥r Bbit-iho֖h Sbr֣o Csd֑im and Isa֥o At-nhst֖m Bbֽlh:
14: 25 And the serpent, and the watchman, and the watchmaker, and the captain, and all the women, all the women, the women, the women, and the women, and their wives, and their wives, and their wives;
15: 25 And the testimony of the king, and the trumpet, which is gold, and gold, and gold, and gold, and gold, and silver, and silver, and gold, and gold.
16: 25 Behold, the people of Israel are the ones who have been married, the one who has committed all things, and the one who has committed them, the one who has done all this, the LORD, the LORD.
17: 25 Smnh֩ Asr֨h Am֜h Kom֣t | Ham֣od Hah֗d and Ct֨rt Al֥io | Nhst֮ and Kom֣t Hctrt֮ Sl֣s EMMA ** Amot֒ and Sbc֨h and Rmn֧im Aֽl-hct֛rt Sb֖ib Hc֣l Nh֑st and Ca֛lh Lֽam֥od Hsn֖i Al-hsbcֽh:
18: 25 And Yahweh took up the tabernacle of Sarah, so that the fire of the sword, and the cry of his captivity, made him angry, so that they brought her and the women of the women of Samaria into custody.
19: 25 Mn-ha֡ir Lkh֩ Sr֨is Ah֜d Aֽsr-h֥oa Fk֣id | Al-ans֣i Hmlhm֗h and Hms֨h Ans֜im Mra֤i Fnֽi-hm֙lc֙ As֣r Nmtza֣o Ba֔ir and A֗t Hsfr֙ S֣r Htzb֔a Hmtzb֖a At-a֣m Ha֑rtz and Ss֥im Ais֙ Ma֣m Ha֔rtz Hֽnmtza֖im Baֽir:
20: 25 And he brought them to them, and they rebelled against them, because they were great, and they were gone, and led them away, because they were not in thy way;
21: 25 And your father gave them their inheritance, and they died in the wilderness, and they died in the land of Hamath, and the generations of Yahweh came to him, and he did not go down to his land.
22: 25 And the wicked shall remain in the midst of the land of Yahweh, but I will not be ashamed;
23: 25 Ismao֩ Cl-sr֨i Hhil֜im H֣mh and Hans֗im Cֽi-hfk֤id Mֽlc-bbl֙ At-gdli֔ho and Ib֥ao Al-gdli֖ho Hmtzf֑h and Isma֣al Bn-ntni֡h and Iohn֣n Bn-k֠rh and Sri֨h Bn-tnh֜mt Hntft֗i and Iֽazni֙ho֙ Bn-hm֣act֔i H֖mh and Ansihֽm:
24: 25 Isb֨a Lh֤m Gdli֙ho֙ and Lansih֔m and I֣amr Lh֔m Al-tֽira֖o Mabd֣i Hcsd֑im Sb֣o Ba֗rtz and Abd֛o At-m֥lc Bb֖l and It֥b Lcֽm: S.
25: 25 Ih֣i | Bh֣ds Hsbia֗i B֣a Isma֣al Bn-n֠tnih Bn-al֨ism֜a Mz֣ra Hmloc֗h and Asr֤h Ansim֙ At֔o and Ic֥o At-gdli֖ho and Im֑t and At-hihodim֙ and At-hcsd֔im Asr-hi֥o At֖o Bmtzfֽh:
26: 25 And they gave up all the greatness of the children, and they were great, and the men of Israel were great, and the men of Israel came to them, and they came to the land of Egypt, so that they would not see it, and they would turn away from it, as they were in the wilderness.
27: 25 Ihi֩ Bsls֨im and S֜ba Sn֗h Lglot֙ Ihoic֣in Mֽlc-ihod֔h Bsn֤im Asr֙ H֔ds Basr֥im and Sba֖h Lh֑ds Ns֡a Ao֣il Mrdc֩ M֨lc Bb֜l Bsn֣t Mlc֗o At-r֛as Ihoic֥in Mֽlc-ihod֖h Mb֥it Cֽla:
28: 25 And he blessed him, and gave him gladness; and he gave his throne to him, and he went out of it, and covered it with the molten things, which he saw in his heart.
29: 25 And the children of Israel came to him in great honor, and all the people of Israel came to him, and they fought against him, and all his life was full of him.
30: 25 And he lifted up his tent, and lifted it up, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, saying, "What is your word?"
‪xxxx    End of 2 Kings (25 chapters, 719 verses).
