‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.46. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Lamentations (5 chapters, 154 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (22 verses)‬
1: 1 I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you.
2: 1 Behold, thou shalt weep for him, and let him hear it, and he shall go down to the land of his life, and he shall be given to him, and he shall be given to him, and he shall not be satisfied with them, neither shall they be put to death, nor all the people of the land, nor all the people of the land, nor all the people of the land, nor all the inhabitants of the land.
3: 1 G-delled out the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD.
4: 1 And I will not be ashamed of you, but I will come to you, and I will go to all my gates, and I will return to you. All my servants are there, and they are not. So are they, and they are not men, nor are they circumcised, but they are not good men? [Q] [p] And that is what they say.
5: 1 Behold, I will go to the house of the children of Israel, and I will bring it to you, for it is not for them, but for the people of Israel, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the people of Israel.
6: 1 And the daughter of the daughter of Tzion, all of the children of the children, was there, and they were in her house; as for the men, she was not afraid of the flock, and he took possession of him, so that he could not turn to him.
7: 1 Zֽcr֣h Irosl֗m Im֤i Anih֙ and Mrod֔ih C֚l Mhmd֔ih As֥r Hi֖o M֣imi K֑dm Bnf֧l Am֣h Bid-tz֗r and A֤in Aozr֙ L֔h Ra֣oh Tzr֔im Shk֖o A֥l Msbtֽh: S.
8: 1 חּ֤ט חּא חהֽהֽת֙א֙ה֙ה֣ה֣ה֣ה֣שׁשִל֔ם֔םםם עלּל-כ֖ין לננידיד֣ה ה֑ה֑י֑תָההֽהֽלְמַבְּּבְּד֤ה ה֑הזי֑ת כהֽהְהְהְמבבְּּבְּד֤ה הזהזיִּל֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה-ה הזיזה֣ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙ה לזיזר:ה הה ותיבא הה סה אֽתוהֽה-ה ותי֑א אה וה אֽם אֽחֽורר:ה ותאׁאבא אה אֽאֽה גה וה ותאביבא אה אֽם אֽחֽורר:ה ותאׁאבא אה אֽאֽהו֖ה ותאׁיבא אה אֽאֽה וה ותאׁאבה אֽם אֽחֽורה סה ותאׁאבא אה אֽהֽארו:ה: ותאבאבא אה אֽחֽורר::
9: 1 I have promised you that you are in the midst of it, and I will not be afraid of you. I will remember you, and I will be with you again, and I will be with you, and I will return to you, and I will not be pleased with them.
10: 1 The hand of the Lord is the voice of the Lord, the Lord of the heavens, of all flesh, and of the flesh, of the flesh, of the flesh, of the flesh, of the flesh, of the earth, of the earth, of the earth, of the earth, of the earth.
11: 1 All the people of the land, the people of the tribe of the Levites, the Levites, the sons of Nahum, the descendants of the sons of Judah, were martyred, their servants, and their families, and their families, and their families, and their families, and their families, and all their families, and all the inhabitants of the land.
12: 1 To the Lord, I beseech thee, all things, that I may go down the path of the Lord, and behold, I will see it, and behold, I will bring it to thee, as if I am in pain, but I will not go astray, but I will not be ashamed.
13: 1 From the day of his death, I have sent him to the land of Israel, and he has turned away from me, and he has gone down to my feet, and he has returned to me, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
14: 1 I will not be ashamed of you, but I will bring you to the house of the LORD, and I will bring you forth the glory of my people, even upon the people of Tzor, for I will not be able to live in this land.
15: 1 And he said unto him, All the sons of the sons of Israel, the Lord of the children of Judah, the son of Jehuda, the son of Jehoiada, the son of Jehoiada, the son of Jehoiada,
16: 1 For the sake of the people of Israel, I have given up my name to the people of Israel. My eyes are on me, and I am in the midst of them. Why are you so angry? Why are you so angry? Why are you so angry with me?
17: 1 Poseirah, the son of Zechariah, was in his hands, and he was not given a consolation, because he had not commanded him, but the LORD commanded him, and he commanded him to return to the land of Israel.
18: 1 Thou shalt take the children of Thy name, O LORD, O LORD, for it is not the voice of the LORD, for I have heard it, and I have heard it, so that I have heard it all. * Peoples, the people of the world, see it, and fear the people of the world, and the people of the world, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
19: 1 And he cried unto me, Thou shalt not give me the bread, nor the bread, nor the bread, nor the bread, nor the bread, nor the bread, nor the bread, nor the bread, nor the wine.
20: 1 See, O LORD, the LORD, that I may be thirsty, and that I will not be able to lift up my anger, but I will bring you to me, and I will come to you in the nearness of my life, because I am bitter, and I am afraid of my fear, and I am afraid of my heart, and I will not be afraid of you.
21: 1 Hear, O God, that I will not be comforted, but I will not be with you, nor will I be comforted, but I will not be ashamed of you, but I will be with you, for I will hear you, my Lord, my Lord, my Lord, my Lord, my Lord, my Lord, my Father, my Father, my Father, my Father, my Father, my Father, my Father;
22: 1 Thou shalt not go astray, but they are before thee, and they shall go astray: for as long as they have gone up, ye shall not go down; for all the wicked shall be gone, for all these things shall be great, and they shall not be destroyed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (22 verses)‬
1: 2 What is the name of the prophet, the father of the children of the tribe of Tzion, the Lord of the children of the tribe of Tzion, because of the inheritance of the children of Israel, and the inheritance of the children of Israel, and not of the land of the LORD,
2: 2 Blessed be the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Son of God, the Son of God, and the Lord of the Lord.
2: 2 גּ֣דּ֣ע בבֽהחרר [י [Q] [n] [p] א֗בּ֗ב כּל כּל קל ק֣ב֣ר ין יִשָר֔א֔ל הם השש֥֥י אב אב אה֛ה֛ו יו ין יממ֖ין מפפ֣נ֣י אוו אוי֖ו֑ן וייְב֤ע֤ר בב֤ר בְּיֲאֹב֙ב֙ב֙ה לֽבֽאֽב֔ב֔ה אככ֖ל֖א֖ה סבבּֽיב:ּ ס
4: 2 And thy lord hath made thee, as he hath been, and he is in the midst of his strength, and he hath turned away from him, and as a priest, he hath turned away from him, and he hath taken away the spoils of the house of the children of the children of Israel.
5: 2 Behold, I am the Lord, the Lord of Israel; and as for the people of Israel, all the people of Israel are in the midst of all his greatness, and his greatness is in the midst of his people, and he is greatly troubled by the fear of Yahweh, for I have given him strength, and I am worthy of her.
6: 2 And he shall be ashamed of his throne, and he shall keep his strength, and his strength shall be fulfilled, and he shall keep his strength, and the LORD shall dwell in him.
7: 2 And he went to the house of Yahweh, so that he might be sanctified, and he would not be ashamed of him, but he would not be able to give up his house.
8: 2 And the son of Yah Veh, the son of Zechariah, went down to the house of Hamam, the daughter of Tzion, the captain of the tribe of Nehemiah, and the son of Zach, the son of Yahweh, of the tribe of Baal, of Baal, and of the tribe of Hebron, and of the city of Judah, of Yahweh,
9: 2 And he went to the house of the LORD, and he returned to the house, and fled, and fled, and fled, and fled, and fled, and the land of Israel was in it, and there was no land for it.
10: 2 Let them sit down, and they shall come to the land; they shall be young; they shall be young, and they shall be young; and they shall be rich; they shall not go up against their heads; but they shall not be hanged; they shall not be humbled;
11: 2 All of them are in the midst of the eyes of the eyes of the children, and of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel and the people of Israel.
12: 2 To their mother, he said, "Behold, I am not a man, but a grain of grain." And he said, "Behold, it is a tree, and it is a tree." "The sea is like the sea, and the sea is in the sea, and the sea is in the sea."
13: 2 And he said unto him, Thou shalt go down to the house of the children, that is, unto the children of the children, even unto the children of the children of the children of Israel, the daughter of Tzion,
14: 2 And you shall not be ashamed of yourselves, nor shall you be tempted, nor shall you be exalted, nor shall you be exalted, but your anger shall be upon you, that you may return to the house of your captivity, your captivity, and you shall hold it to you, and bring it to you;
15: 2 Sֽfk֨o Al֤ic Cf֙im֙ Cl-a֣bri D֔rc Sֽrko֙ and In֣ao Ras֔m Al-b֖t Irosl֑m Hz֣at Ha֗ir Siֽamro֙ Cl֣ilt I֔fi Ms֖os Lcl-haֽrtz: S.
16: 2 The people of Israel have gone up, and their mouths are so great, so they have been blessed, because they have been destroyed, and they have been destroyed, and they have been destroyed. So they have said, "Behold, we have not given you up, but we are not satisfied with you." This is the meaning of the word, "We are the people of Zion."
17: 2 Asaah the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord.
18: 2 And the children of Israel went up to the house of the children of Tzahon, the children of the tribe of Tzur, and of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel.
19: 2 K֣omi | R֣ni * night ** Bl֗ilh Lras֙ Asmr֔ot Sfc֤i Cm֙im֙ Lb֔c N֖ch Fn֣i Adn֑i Sa֧i Al֣io Cf֗ic Al-n֙fs֙ Aֽoll֔ic Hatof֥im Bra֖b Br֥as Cl-hotzֽot: S.
20: 2 See, the LORD is the LORD, and the son of the children of Israel is in the house, and the children of Israel have been consumed. They are women, and they are no more fertile than the children of Israel, but the people of Israel are not afraid of them, but they are afraid in the midst of their wickedness, because they are so and so.
21: 2 Let it lie to the earth, that is, it is not clear, but it is not in the depths of the wilderness, but it is not in the depths of the earth, but it is in the midst of the mountains, the mountains of the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, and the mountains.
22: 2 Thou shalt read it, as it is a rodent, and it shall be brought forth from me, and it shall be given to me, and it shall be given to me, and it shall be given to me, and it shall be given to me, that I may be worthy of the LORD, and that I will give it to you.
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (66 verses)‬
1: 3 I am the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the earth, the people of the earth.
2: 3 O you, go forth, and go forth, and let your fear be gone, and it shall not be.
3: 3 Where is your son, Jacob, your father, your father, your father, your son?
4: 3 Behold, my flesh shall be gone, and I will be awake: and my people shall return to the ground.
5: 3 Behold, I have gone up, and have been blessed, and the chief of the tribe of Israel has come.
6: 3 In the mind of the Lord, I will return to you, and I will return to you as I am.
7: 3 And Gad said unto him, Behold, I am not, and I will not be afraid; thou shalt not be ashamed of me, nor shall I rejoice.
6: 3 For they are not afraid, but they are wicked, and they are wicked, but they are not afraid.
9: 3 ג֤ד֤ר דר דְּרככ֙י בְּג֔ז֔י ננ נת נתתתב֖ת֖א֖י עווֽאֽה:: ס
10: 3 Do you know the light of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds?
11: 3 Thou shalt go down, and turn away; and I will be ashamed, and I will be ashamed of them;
12: 3 And thy Lord hath sanctified his face, and he hath taken it. [Q] [n] [p] ויצביב נִינ כי מטטָּט֖ר֖א לחחֽץ: ס
13: 3 Behold, he shall bring in his vessels, but he shall not be his son;
14: 3 Behold, I have made a mockery of [all] all the people of the land;
15: 3 I will be satisfied with the rebellious ones, and I will give them to me.
16: 3 And Hagar, the son of Hazetz, reigned in the name of Simeon, the priest of the tribe of Naphtali.
17: 3 And you shall be ashamed of me, because of my strength, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, and my goodness.
18: 3 And Abram said unto him, I am victorious, and I have begun to be afraid of the LORD.
19: 3 Remember me, O my people; and I will be dismayed, and I will not let you go.
20: 3 And this is the memory of the trumpet, and the bush, and the flesh of the tree;
21: 3 And Moses said unto them, Come to the heart, O king, so shall I be with thee.
22: 3 And the LORD hath said unto them, Yea, yea, beware, ye shall not be put to death: for they are not all, and they are merciful.
23: 3 It is the month of the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, and the morning.
24: 3 Behold, Yahweh hath said unto him, Nafshah, the son of the king, so shall I go to the sea,
25: 3 The word of the LORD is the word of God, and it is the language of the Scripture, [Q] [q].
26: 3 And the children of Israel came to them, and they began to die, but they were not satisfied, but the LORD was with them.
27: 3 And the children of Gogber said that the people of the land were not with them;
28: 3 The people shall dwell in their homes, and their hands shall be with them, because they shall not be put on their feet.
29: 3 You shall give the son of Ephraim the son of his father, O Israel;
30: 3 And he gave them to him, and he gave him his bread, and he returned to him in the midst of the sea.
31: 3 When they came, they did not enter into trouble, but they did not believe in me.
32: 3 When the Glory be upon them, and the spirit of their anger is upon them, their mercy is their mercy.
33: 3 When he went down to the house of Anabah, he went up to his house, and saw the sons of Aisha. [Q] [n] [p]
34: 3 Thou shalt not smite the feet of thy feet, but the anger of him is as great as the anger of the earth.
35: 3 He hath given to the judge of the judgment of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds:
36: 3 Thou hast transgressed a man in the midst of his wrath, and behold, Adonai is not seen;
37: 3 מ֣ז זי זּ֤ה אה אממ֙ר֙ת֙ת֔ת֔הִיה אֲד֖נ֖י֖י ל֥נ֥א צוֽאֽה::
38: 3 From the mouth of the earth, behold, there is no evil, but evil is evil, and it is hot;
39: 3 What is the meaning of the word of the Lord, that is, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth?
40: 3 Nakhpashah, your son, is your father, and we are the sons of the LORD.
41: 3 Behold, they shall not be afraid; they shall go down to the house of Kipahim, but to them in the wilderness.
42: 3 Nay, the son of Phasah, the son of Zu'nu;
43: 3 Thou shalt not lift up the sword, but it shall come to pass, and it shall come to pass;
44: 3 Thou shalt eat the fruit of the corn, and it shall not be filled with bread.
45: 3 Curses, and what shall they do, that ye shall make in the midst of the multitude of things?
46: 3 The children of Israel are with us, and their mouth is full of all our enemies.
47: 3 And it was the fifth day, and the fifth day was the fifth day;
48: 3 The plagues of the children of the tribe of Turath, the children of Enron, the daughter of Simeon;
49: 3 The eyes of the children of Nigurah, and not of them, they were cut off from the water;
50: 3 He was very happy, and he was afraid of the LORD, because he was there because of them.
51: 3 My eyes are full of sorrow, and I am afraid of them, and I am afraid of them.
52: 3 And the captain of the tribe of Zonni stood before him;
53: 3 Thou shalt not be ashamed; but he is alive, and he is alive, and they have borne witness to me.
54: 3 Tzofo-maim is on the head of the people: O mother of the children of the tribe of Nigzazarathi.
55: 3 Behold, I have brought your name to you, O Jehovah, I am from the midst of my anger, I will give you strength.
56: 3 Courage, I have gone astray, but I am not with you, but I will give you strength, so that I may rejoice to my salvation.
57: 3 And it shall come to pass, that it shall be in me, that I may be afraid of you, but I am not afraid of you.
58: 3 Behold, I will return to you, O Lord! Rebuild me! Nafshah! O God, have you come alive?
59: 3 Behold, the LORD hath seen him, and he is the father of the people; and he is the judge of the court of justice.
60: 3 See, I have seen all the people of the land of Mesopotamia;
61: 3 Wherefore hast thou been afraid of the anger of Yahweh, all of them, and of their compasses?
62: 3 Behold, my lips are full; and their rulers are over them; all things are with me.
63: 3 You shall return to them, and they shall be sanctified, and the house of the LORD shall return to them.
64: 3 Thou shalt return unto them, and they shall be filled with the LORD; they shall be made as they do.
65: 3 Thou shalt give them the shield of the LORD, and thy God shall be thy God;
66: 3 Thou shalt go down with the nose of the sword; and they shall be destroyed; but they shall not be put to death, for they are not the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (22 verses)‬
1: 4 Whosoever shall go down to the land of the LORD, the Lord of the worlds, shall be the one who is in the midst of the earth;
2: 4 The children of Zion, the children of Zion, the hikers of the sea, the threshing-floor, of the tribe of Bafaz, of Zechariah, of Nechashbev, of Nebeli-eh, of Arash, of Maasheth, of Judah, of Jeshur,
3: 4 - * Crocodile ** Tannim, Hahiltzu, Siddiq, Hiniku, Guriyya, 17, Ba'ath, Amam, etc., Lachakzar, * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * ּּננ֖֖֖ ב בממדֽֽֽ֖֖ ב ב במממדֽֽ:::.
4: 4 The Lord of the Worlds is the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Worlds.
5: 4 The people of Israel, the people of the land of Israel, were numbered among the nations of the nations, the nations of the nations, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel.
6: 4 And the children of the tribe of Beth-shemah, the children of Ammon, hastened to kill them, and the people of Sodom, and the people of Hathaway, were destroyed, and as they were not, they came to them,
7: 4 He is the one who has given his name to the people of Israel, and he is the king of the people of Israel.
8: 4 It is the day of the month of the month of Tammuz, that is, the month of the month of the month of Tammuz, the month of Nukhur, the month of Zuhr, the month of Zippor, and the month of Uruz, over the people of Israel.
9: 4 They were good, and they were great, and they were not afraid, but they were wicked, and they were evil; they were evil; they were evil; they were wicked;
10: 4 Ye shall be women, merciful, and merciful; and I will give birth to her: for her children are, because they are the sons of men, and they are the children of the children of the tribe of Beth-Ammon.
11: 4 All the LORD hath given thee the bread of his bread;
12: 4 Behold, we are not the men of the kings of the earth, and all the people of Israel sit down; yea, we pray; for they are come, and they shall come, and they shall be destroyed in the time of the LORD. Jerusheleh,
13: 4 He who is a sinner, is not a prophet, nor is he a son, nor a son, nor a son, nor a son, nor a son, nor a son;
14: 4 Let the children of Israel go up against the children of the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and their families, and their families, and their families;
15: 4 סּ֣א֣רוּ טממ֞א קק֣ראוא לא֗מ֤ס֤וּרוּס֙ארורוּו֙ם-- תִּגּ֔עוּעוּעוּוּא֥בּ֥ל֥ב-בתּע֔ב֔ע֔עו֔עו֑ם עֽמרור֖וּם- נ֑ע֑עו עֽמרור֙ו בגגו֔י֔םם ל֥א֥א֥א֖ס֖ו לֽגוּוּר: ס.
16: 4 The face of the LORD, the Son of God, is the Son of the Son, the Son of the Son, the Son of the Son, the Son of the Son, the Son of the Son, the Son of the Son, the Son of the Son,
17: 4 * And there is no more, but more than us, that thou shalt give up the eyes of our eyes, unto the people of the flock, behold, we shall go down in the darkness, and beseech us, and encircle us;
18: 4 Thou shalt not go forth, let us go: for we have gone in the breadth of our loins;
19: 4 How many were they, that they were among us, that they were in the midst of the mountains, and that they were in the midst of the mountains, because they were not in the wilderness;
20: 4 See, I am the father of the people of Israel, because of the name of Yahweh, who has been blessed in his corruption, because they have not yet been destroyed.
21: 4 And I will be glad, and I will be glad to be the daughter of my lord; I will sit down; and I will dwell in the midst of the earth, even in the midst of the earth, even when thou hast moved away, so that thou shalt be drunk, and be troubled.
22: 4 And the children of the children of Tzion, the sons of Tzion, were not exposed to the life of the children, and they turned away from you, and the children of the children of Israel were destroyed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 5   (22 verses)‬
1: 5 So the Lord, the Son of the Lord, said to him, 'Surely, behold, the Lord hath given us strength,
2: 5 You have been blessed, and you have been blessed, and you have been strangers to us.
3: 5 Ye shall die; ye shall not be ashamed; and there shall be none; and they shall not be numbered; and our mothers shall not be numbered like unto men.
4: 5 Of the water of the earth is in the midst of the sorrows of the sun, and the earth is in our midst;
5: 5 The people of Tzuar, the people of Neradah, the people of Nihon, the Jezreelites, the descendants of the Canaanite, the Canaanite, the Canaanite, the Canaanite, the Canaanite, the Canaanite, the Canaanite, the Canaanite.
6: 5 The people of Nazareth were there, and the people of Israel were destroyed, and the people of Israel returned to their land.
7: 5 The fathers of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel, are not they, and they are not, nor are they, and they have taken us;
8: 5 Servants are those who have been saved; they have been redeemed, but they are not worthy of their children.
9: 5 In the souls of the sons of Israel, the sons of Nebuchadneh are the breadwinners, and they are the ones who give them bread.
10: 5 And the children of the house of the children of Nazareth were cleansed, and they fell down from their faces.
11: 5 The women of the children of Zion were with me, and they were with me in the midst of the wilderness, even in the cities of Judah.
12: 5 Thou shalt have hands in their hands, but they shall be turned away, and they shall be turned away from me: they are old, they are not, they are not destroyed.
13: 5 Behold, the children of the tribe of Israel shall be ashamed, and shall rejoice when they die.
14: 5 And the elders of the tribe of Asher, who reestablished their inheritance in the midst of the mountains, were brought out of their captivity.
15: 5 Thou shalt not be ashamed of thy wickedness, nor shall we turn to thee, but to him, to him that hath gone away from the sick;
16: 5 It is not a waste of money, but the people of the house of the Lord are the ones who have been married to the people of Israel.
17: 5 Therefore, behold, there is no god but the Lord, and we will not be pleased with him, because he hath made us wise, but our eyes are not with us.
18: 5 ע֤ל הַל ה-ר-י֙ו֙ן שֶׁשָּׁממ֔םם שוועע֖ל֖֖ים הללכוכּּוֽבֽוֽו פה
19: 5 Yea, Yahweh, have mercy on the Lord, and you shall not be ashamed of your throne.
20: 5 Let us not forget thee, that thou shalt forget, forget thee, forget thee, and let us go, and let us go to thy neighbor.
21: 5 Give us back, O LORD, thy God, O God, to thee, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to the Lord, to the Lord,
22: 5 For if the mother of the mother of the children of Israel is angry with us, then shall we not go up to the house?
‪xxxx    End of Lamentations (5 chapters, 154 verses).
