‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.45. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Leviticus (27 chapters, 859 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (17 verses)‬
1: 1 And he cried unto Moses, and spoke to the LORD, saying, "Behold, I will bring him forth from the house of the Lord,
2: 1 Db֞r Al-bn֤i Isral֙ and Amrt֣ Alh֔m Ad֗m Cֽi-ikr֥ib Mc֛m Krb֖n Lֽiho֑h Mn-hbhm֗h Mn-hbkr֙ and Mn-htz֔an Tkr֖ibo At-krbncֽm:
3: 1 But if our sacrifice is greater than that of the weeping, then shall we not be thirsty? Why are we not sacrificing to the people of the land? (1) Now, behold, he is going to die, and he will lift up his flock, and his flock will come down to him, and the LORD will come to him.
4: 1 And his name is upon you, his hand is upon him, and the fire of the Lord is upon him, and he is burning his strength, and his anger is upon him, so that he may overcome his anger.
5: 1 and Sh֛t At-b֥n Hbk֖r Lfn֣i Iho֑h and ֠hkribo Bn֨i Ahr֤n Hֽcֽhnim֙ At-hd֔m and Zrk֨o At-hd֤m Al-hmzb֙h֙ Sb֔ib Asr-f֖th A֥hl Moaֽd:
6: 1 And I will take away the command of the people, and I will give it to you to give it to me.
7: 1 And they gave us a son, and they said, "Behold, this is so, that I will go up against the waters of the land, and the land of the trees shall be upon the trees."
8: 1 And Aron, the son of Aaron, rose up, saying, Behold, I am the son of the LORD, and I will bring you to the land of the fire, and I will put the fire on the fire, and I will set fire to the fire.
9: 1 And he brought him together, and he was full of evil; he was afraid of the heat of the water, and he cut off the heat of the oven, so that all the things that were given to him were consumed, so that the wife of her, the wife of her brother, gave her bread,
10: 1 And if the people of the tribe of Korban came to him, they would return from the land of the captives, but they would not return to the land, but they would return to the land of Israel, and they would return to their land, and they would not be sacrificed.
11: 1 And I will bring you to the house of the LORD, and I will bring you forth to the land of Zippo, before us, the LORD, and the sons of Israel, and I will give up my children;
12: 1 And it was with him that he gave him his anger, and his spirit, and his righteousness, and your counsel, and the people of them, and against you, the men of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
13: 1 And the wicked and the wicked shall be ashamed: the wind shall be in the heat, and the heat shall be cut off, and all the things shall be consumed, and the heat shall be given to the water, and it shall be given to the heat, and it shall be given to the fire.
14: 1 And they came out of the house of Aaron, and brought him to his house, and they came to him, and they came to him, and they turned away from him.
15: 1 And he came to him, and he went down to the house of the altar, and took away his head, and he gave it to the fire, and gave it to him, and his blood was exhausted.
16: 1 And he shut up his mirror, and gave it to thee, and gave it to thee: and it was not with thee, but it came to pass, that it was given to him that was given to him, that he might bring water to the house of the Lord.
17: 1 And he made his countenance in his wings, but he did not give up, and he gave up his light, and he gave him a piece of bread, which he gave to the people.
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (16 verses)‬
1: 2 And we will not be afraid, for he is not worthy of his neighbor, but he is a prophet, and he is a prophet, and he is his son, and he is his son, and he is his son.
2: 2 and ֽhbia֗h Al-bn֣i Ahrn֮ Hchnim֒ and Km֨tz Ms֜m Ml֣a Kmtz֗o Mslth֙ and Msmn֔h A֖l Cl-lbnt֑h and Hkt֨ir Hch֜n At-azcrth֙ Hmzb֔hh As֛h R֥ih Nih֖h Lihoֽh:
3: 2 And the sons of Mordecai, the children of the tribe of Menahemah, returned to Aaron, and his sons, and his children, and the children of Kadesh, and the children of Judah, the children of Israel.
4: 2 And the people of Korban came near, but they were not in the midst of them, but they were in the midst of the fire, and they were not in the heat of the fire, but they were in the midst of the fire, and the food was consumed, and the food was consumed, and the food was consumed.
5: 2 And if thou shalt give it unto thy beloved, thou shalt bring forth thy sacrifice, and thou shalt bring it in the midst of it, but it shall be in the flesh of the seed of its breadth;
6: 2 And you shall have mercy on him, and thou shalt not be afraid;
7: 2 And if thou shalt put away the breadth of thy hand, thy bread shall be filled with oil, and it shall be done with it.
8: 2 And when she brought the commandment, she brought it to him, as it was done to him, and he made it to him, and gave it to him, and he brought it to him, and brought it to him, and brought it to her, to the land of the inheritance.
9: 2 And they were afraid of this, because of the commandment, and I gave it to her, and she gave it to her, and the little one of her inheritance was given to her, and his wife, the wife of her brother, came to Yahweh.
10: 2 And the sons of Mordecai were among the men of Menahemah, who were to Aaron, and his son, and his sons, and the children of Kadesh;
11: 2 All the sighing is that which he hath given to him, that he hath given him to him, and he hath given him not to do anything, but he hath given it to him, so that all things shall be done to him, and all things shall be taken away from him, and they shall be taken away from him.
12: 2 And the firstborn, the firstborn, came to him, and raised up their hearts to them, to him, to him, and to the inheritance, he did not go up to him, to see her again.
13: 2 And all your karabah, your inheritance, is in the midst of the slaughter, and you shall praise it, and I will not return to you, nor will you return to the land of the LORD your God, nor shall I bring you down from your land, but all your karabneh will be in the place of Tikkirib. מֽלֽלַח: ס.
14: 2 And if Thou shalt call, thou shalt be blessed, for thou shalt not weep; for he is the Father, the Father of the Cruel, the Lord of the Fire, the Fire, the Fire, the Thorn, the Throne, the Thorn, the Thorn, the Thorn of Thorn, and Thy Neighbor.
15: 2 And it came to pass, that it was over her, that she had been fat, and that she had given up her children, that she had built her son;
16: 2 And the little one that hath taken away the memory of him, hath taken away his inheritance, and he hath given it to him all the children of the land, and he hath given it to the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (17 verses)‬
1: 3 And if the people of Israel die for it, they will bring it closer to them, because they are not from the firstborn, but they are not from the firstborn, but the people of Zion remember it, and the people of Zion remembered it, and they sacrificed it.
2: 3 And his hand is upon you, even upon the sword of his sword, his sword, his sword, and his slaughterer, his mouth, and his mouth, and his eyes, and the horns, and the horns, and the horns, and the horns, and the horns, and the horns, and the sons of the children;
3: 3 And he brought it to the house of the LORD, and he gave it to the LORD, and he brought it to him, and he gave it to the king, and he gave it to the king, and he gave him all the bread, and he gave it to the king.
4: 3 And the six men, the priests, and the men of the tribe, and the women of Israel, went up to the land of Israel, and destroyed the house of the king, and he gave up the inheritance to the king, even upon the tabernacle of the calf.
5: 3 And they cast him down with him, because they were in the midst of them, and they were in the midst of them, because they were lying on the ground, but as the fire was going down on the high ground, I saw that I was burning up over the trees.
6: 3 And if the men of the flock were sacrificed, they would return to the house of the LORD, and they would return to him, and they would return to him, and he would return to them, and he would return to them.
7: 3 But if he returned, he would not bring him down, and he would bring his prey to death, and he would turn away his anger, and let him face the LORD.
8: 3 And he brought his hand upon him, even unto the sword of the sword, his offering, and his sword, and his armor, and his face, and his face, and his eyes, and his eyes, and his eyes, and his eyes, and his eyes, and his eyes, and his eyes;
9: 3 and Hkr֨ib Mz֣bh Hslmim֮ As֣h Lihoh֒ Hlbo֙ Hali֣h Tmim֔h Lam֥t Hatz֖h Isir֑nh and At-hh֙lb֙ Hֽmcs֣h At-hk֔rb and At֙ Cl-hh֔lb As֖r Al-hkֽrb:
10: 3 And the six men, the priests, and the men of the tribe, and the men of Israel, went up to the land of Israel, and they brought the horses to the ground, and brought them to the house of the tabernacle upon the high places;
11: 3 And the little one, that is, the thine, the thine, the thine, the one that gave the inheritance to Lihath, the wife of the LORD,
12: 3 And when they were angry with him, they sacrificed him, and sacrificed his bread to the LORD.
13: 3 And he put his hand upon his head upon his head, and brought his armor to the ground; and he turned away from him, and they turned away from him, and they threw away his son, and he brought up his blood with his hand on the altar;
14: 3 And the one who is jealous of him is the one who is close to him; his wife is his wife; he is his father; he is the son of the king; and he is the king of the king, and he is the king of the king, and he is the king of all things.
15: 3 And the six men were with me, and they took the charge, and the woman went up, and went up to him, and he went up to the house of the king, and he did not go down to the house of the king, because he was afraid of the house of the priests;
16: 3 And the children of the tribe of Kohath, the one who gave the inheritance to Mercy, married the woman, and she was not afraid to go back to all the children of Judah.
17: 3 Thou shalt not go into the world, but they shall not be in the midst of them, but they shall return to them all, and they shall not be consumed, nor shall they be consumed;
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (35 verses)‬
1: 4 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying unto Moses, Behold, I am not afraid.
2: 4 Do not be angry with the children of Israel. [1] Say, "This is what the people of Israel have done."
3: 4 Wherefore is this thing, that is, the one who is guilty of sinning? Is it not for the guilt of the wicked, and of the sinner of his sin? Why did not the son of the son of Baqar, the son of Baק֥֥k֥r, die?
4: 4 And he brought the light unto the mouth, and he came not before him, but went before him, the LORD, and he gave him his hand over the fire of the sword of the LORD, and he brought down the flame before the LORD.
5: 4 And this is the fifth day, which is the fifth, and it is the commandment of the Lord, and the Lord is the one, and he is the one who gives it to him.
6: 4 And it was so that the people of the tribe of Israel came to them, because they were afraid of them, and they took them out of the hand of the LORD, because they were in the hands of the children of Israel, and the children of Israel were in the house.
7: 4 and Ntn֩ Hch֨n Mn-hd֜m Al-k֠rnot Mzb֨h Kt֤rt Hsmim֙ Lfn֣i Iho֔h As֖r Ba֣hl Moa֑d and A֣t | Cl-d֣m Hf֗r Isfc֙ Al-isod֙ Mzb֣h Hal֔h Asr-f֖th A֥hl Moaֽd:
8: 4 And all the people of the tribe of Pharos, the sons of Hatham, were destroyed; they were destroyed; and they were brought to the house of the king, and the people of Hacham, the king of Israel, were destroyed. And the whole land was destroyed, and all the land was destroyed, as the land of the threshing floor was destroyed.
9: 4 And the six men, the priests, and the men of the tribe, went up, as the people of Israel went up against them, and they went up to the house of the king, and brought them to the house of the house of the house of the house of the tabernacle upon the high places;
10: 4 As for the LORD, they have given up the light of the earth, and they have given up the heat of the earth, and they have cut off the heat of the earth, so that the earth is high.
11: 4 And the people of the bullock, and all the flesh of his seed, were on his head, and his anger was upon him, and he brought him closer to him, and his fiance fell down.
12: 4 And he brought all the people into the sea, and they went to the house of Haman, and they returned to him, so that he could not go down to the land of the sheep, and he turned his face on the trees, and put them on the edge of the river, because the sheep were young.
13: 4 And all the time of Israel shall be fulfilled, and they shall prosper, and they shall be exalted, and they shall not be afraid of the eyes of the wicked. And if they do anything, they shall not be afraid of the commandments of the LORD, but they shall not do anything.
14: 4 And there was a vow of thanks unto the LORD, and he gave him the name of Esau, the son of Hatham, the son of Baba, the son of Baqar, the son of Baqar, the son of Baqar, of Tahath, of Tahath, of Hebron, of Hebron, of Hebron, of Hebron, of Nephtha,
15: 4 And they trusted the elders, and they brought up their hands, even against the fire of the sword of the LORD, before the LORD, and he put down the flame before the LORD.
16: 4 And the children of the Levites were the ones that were in the midst of them, because they were far from the house of the Lord.
17: 4 And it was so that the people of the tribe of Israel went astray, because they were afraid of them, and they gave it to them.
18: 4 and Mn-hd֞m It֣n | Al-krn֣t Hmzb֗h Asr֙ Lfn֣i Iho֔h As֖r Ba֣hl Moa֑d and A֣t Cl-hd֗m Isfc֙ Al-isod֙ Mzb֣h Hal֔h Asr-f֖th A֥hl Moaֽd:
19: 4 And all the people of Aleppo were with him; they were afraid of them, and they gave them the light of the water.
20: 4 And he made it to Lapar as a threshing-floor, and he made it unto the father of the sons of Hatham, and he brought it to him, so that he might go to the house of the LORD, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to them.
21: 4 And he brought the flamethrower unto the east, and the camp thereof, and the gate thereof, and the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains, the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains.
22: 4 As for the men of the tribe of Israel, they were the ones who made the land of Israel, and the people of the tribe of Mizrah, the LORD of Israel, the LORD of hosts, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior.
23: 4 אֽהֽה-וֹדּ֤ע אה אלל֙יו֙ה חטת֔ת֔ה אֲש֥֥ר֥ר חת֖א֖ה בּ֑הּה֧ה֧א֧ה אהתהָרָּב֛ב֛ה אתהתה-קרָּב֛ב֛ה אזה-קה-קה֛ה אזא-קרָּב֛ה אזאזי שה אזא-קי֥ה שה אזאזי֖ה אזאזי שה אזאזה֖ה אזאזי שה אזאזה֖ה אזאזי שה אזה-קי שה אזהתי שה אזהתי שה אזי֖י שה אזהתי שה אזי֖י שה אזהתי שה אזי֖י שה אזהתי שה אזם אזי֖א֥ה אזב תי שה אזה-קי שה שם אזי֖י שה שה אזה-קה֖ה שה אזה֖י שה שם אזה֖י שה שה אזה֖י שה שם אזי֖י שה שה שה שה שה שה שה שה שה שה שה שה שה שה שה שה שה שה שה שה שה שה שה שה שה שה שה שה שה שה שה ש
24: 4 And his name is on you, even on the Lord of the Throne, the sixth, the light, and the flesh, and the flesh, and the flesh, and the flesh, and the flesh, and the flesh, and the flesh, and the flesh;
25: 4 And this is what they have done, since they are the ones that have been put to death in the spring of the earth, and they have been on the horns of the earth, and they have brought forth the earth, the earth, and the blood of the earth, and they will bring you forth to the land of the earth, from the earth to the earth.
26: 4 And all his heart shall be gleaned: the light of the fountain shall be like the heat of the heart, and it shall be poured out on the heat, and it shall be poured over it, so that it shall be broken, and it shall be filled with vinegar, and it shall be poured out.
27: 4 And if we think of a sin, thou shalt not commit adultery, but it is in the midst of the wickedness, that is, when it is done, that it is done in the midst of the work of the LORD, that is, the commandment of the LORD, that is, as it is, that it is not, that thou shalt not commit it,
28: 4 א֚ה֚ה הוהֹהֹהטה-ה֔ה֔ה֔ה֔ה֔ה חהַת֔ת֖ת֖ה אֲש֣֔א֔ה חהַת֖ת֖ה אֲאֶש֣֣ר֔ת חת֖ה ו והבב֨א֨ה קה ו והבבּ֨א֨ה ו והבב֨י֨ה ו והבב֨י֨ה ו והבב֨י֨ה ו והבב֨י֨ה ו והבב֨י֨ה ו והבב֨י֨ה אזי֑א קה ו והבב֨א֨ה ו וי֨ב֨ה אזאזר֜ה אזאירע֤ה אזאירע חה אזאירי קה אזאירה עה אזאירה עה אזאירה עה אזש֤א:ה אזש֤א:ה אזש֤א:ה אזא֥א֥ה אזם אֶש֤א֥ה אזש֤א חה אזש֤א:ה אזש֤א:ה אזש֤א:ה אזש֤א֥ה אֶש֤א:ה אֶש֤א֥ה אֶש֤א:ה אֶש֤א֥ה אֶש֤א֥ה אֶש֤א֥ה אֶש֤א֥ה אֶש֤א֥ה אֶש֤א֥ה אֶת-א חת חה אֶש֥א֥ר חה אֶשֽא:ת חה אֶש֥א֥ר חה ו והֽבחא:ה אזשִּא֥ה אֶש֤א:ה אזש֤א֥ה אֶש֤א:ה אֶש֤א֥ה אֶשֽא:ה אֶש֤א֥ה אֶת
29: 4 And he brought up his hand, and he went up to see him, the captain of the tribe of Hatham, who was with the tribe of Shechat, and brought the hothouse unto him, in the midst of the valley of the hillock,
30: 4 And this is the way of the LORD, that is, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
31: 4 and At-cl-hlb֣h Is֗ir Cas֨r Hos֣r Hlb֮ Ma֣l Z֣bh Hslmim֒ and Hkt֤ir Hchn֙ Hmzb֔hh Lr֥ih Nih֖h Liho֑h and Cf֥r Al֛io Hch֖n and Nsl֥h Lֽo: P.
32: 4 And if thou shalt be ashamed of his neighbor, he shall bring him to death;
33: 4 And he brought up his hand, and he went up to him, and the fire of the fire, and the fire of the fire, and the fire, and the fire, and the fire, and the fire, and the fire, and the fire, and the fire, and the fire,
34: 4 And this is what they have done, because they have been in the wilderness for a long time, and they have been there for a long time, and they have been given to the people of Israel, and all their blood is coming to them, and they will bring you forth to the land of Mizbah.
35: 4 and At-cl-hlb֣h Is֗ir Cas֨r Ios֥r Hֽlb-hcsb֮ Mz֣bh Hslmim֒ and Hkt֨ir Hch֤n Atm֙ Hmzb֔hh A֖l As֣i Iho֑h and Cf֨r Al֧io Hch֛n Al-htat֥o Asr-ht֖a and Nsl֥h Lֽo: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 5   (26 verses)‬
1: 5 And we will not fear, for it is a sin, and it is a sin, and it is not heard, but the voice of the Lord is upon us, and this is what we have seen, but we have seen it, and behold, it is a witness, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, and a nation.
2: 5 A֣o N֗fs As֣r Tga֮ Bcl-db֣r Tma֒ Ao֩ Bnbl֨t Hi֜h Tma֗h A֤o [c] Bnblt֙ Bhm֣h Tma֔h A֕o Bnbl֖t S֣rtz Tm֑a and Nal֣m Mm֔no and H֥oa Tm֖a and Asֽm:
3: 5 A man of the tribe of Yatta was attacked by the people of Tammuah, but the people of the tribe of Tishmaut came down to him, and the people of the tribe of Yatta rose up, cursing them, saying, "Come, I will go to you, and I will go back to you, and I will return to you."
4: 5 A֣o N֡fs C֣i Tsba֩ Lbt֨a Bsft֜im Lhr֣a | A֣o Lhit֗ib L֠cl As֨r Ibt֧a Had֛m Bsba֖h and Nal֣m Mm֑no and Hoa-id֥a and As֖m Lah֥t Maֽlh:
5: 5 And it was they who were afraid of them, because they were afraid of them, and they were afraid of them: but as for the children of Hatta, they were not above them.
6: 5 And he brought the fire to God, and he gave it to him, because he had sinned against him, but he was not a sinner, but he was not a sinner, but he was not a sinner, but when he returned, he returned to him, and he returned to the land of Israel, so that he could not hide his anger.
7: 5 And if he is not afraid of him, he will be afraid of him, and he will bring guilt to him, and he will bring guilt to him, and he will not be afraid of his enemies, nor will he be afraid of them.
8: 5 And the LORD brought them to the house of the king, and brought down the fire of Escher, and slaughtered his head, and he took his head away from him, and he took away his flock, and he was not afraid of him.
9: 5 And it was revealed to them that they were not guilty of the sin, but of the light of the fire, which brought forth the fire, and the fire of the fire was in their hands, and they brought it to the fire, and brought it to the fire.
10: 5 And the one who did the same thing went up with his sword, and covered it with his hands, so that he could not do that, because he had sinned against him, so that he would not have sinned.
11: 5 and Am-la֩ Ts֨ig Id֜o Lst֣i Tr֗im Ao֮ Lsn֣i Bni-ionh֒ and Hb֨ia At-krbn֜o As֣r Ht֗a Asir֧t Haf֛h S֖lt Lht֑at La-is֨im Al֜ih S֗mn and La-it֤n Al֙ih֙ Lbn֔h C֥i Ht֖at Hֽia:
12: 5 And he brought him to the house of the priests, and brought them to the house of the king, and he brought them to the house of the king, and he brought him to the house of his wife, and he gave the woman the woman of the land.
13: 5 And the unbelievers have overcome him, so that he hath given up the sin of his wickedness, which is a sin of his own, and he hath taken away his strength, and hath rejected his strength, and he hath given it to them, so that he may not restrain himself.
14: 5 And the LORD spoke unto her, saying unto Moses, Behold, I am not afraid.
15: 5 N֚fs Cֽi-tma֣l M֔al and Hֽtah֙ Bsgg֔h Mkds֖i Iho֑h and Hbia֩ At-asm֨o Lֽiho֜h A֧il Tm֣im Mn-htz֗an Barcc֛ Cֽsf-skl֥im Bsֽkl-hk֖ds Lasֽm:
16: 5 and A֣t Asr֩ Ht֨a Mn-hk֜ds Isl֗m and At-hmֽisto֙ Ios֣f Al֔io and Nt֥n At֖o Lch֑n and Hch֗n Icf֥r Al֛io Ba֥il Has֖m and Nsl֥h Lֽo: P.
17: 5 And if we were afraid of him, he would not be able to commit adultery, but he would not be able to do anything, but if he did not, then he would not be able to do anything.
18: 5 And when they came, they came to them, saying, "Come, I pray you, for they are not in your land, because they are against them, because they are against you, and the people of the people have overcome them, so that they may be ashamed of their wickedness, because they are not proud, but they are not enemies, but they are the people of Israel."
19: 5 A man is a man, but they are not a man, but their name is Esau.
20: 5 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying unto her, Behold, I am not afraid.
21: 5 And it was not in the heat of the wailing, but in the heat of the fire, and on the face of it, that it was in the mouth of the earth, and the flesh of the people of the earth, which was in the mouth of the furnace, and the bread of the hand, and the bread of the hand;
22: 5 A man of the tribe of Abaddon went on, and the fifth of his family came, and he sat down on the porch of the grave, on the other side, and on the other side, which he did, he made the men, and they made them a sinner.
23: 5 and Hih֮ Cֽi-iht֣a and Asm֒ and Hs֨ib At-hgzl֜h As֣r Gz֗l A֤o At-ha֙sk֙ As֣r As֔k A֚o At-hfkd֔on As֥r Hfk֖d At֑o A֥o At-habd֖h As֥r Mtzֽa:
24: 5 And the king of the tribe of Asher, who captivated him, went up to him, and his wife, his wife, and his wife, his wife, his wife, and his wife, his wife, and his wife, and his wife, and his wife, and his wife, and his children.
25: 5 And I will bring him to Esau, and he will come to him, and he will come to you, and you will not be afraid of your children, because they are your people, because they are the people of the land.
26: 5 And he bent over his face, so that he might turn to me: the LORD, and he was with him, and he begged him to go up to the house of the LORD, so that he might go down to the house of Esau,
‪xxxx  Chapter 6   (23 verses)‬
1: 6 And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying unto Moses, Behold, I am saying:
2: 6 Tz֤o Aֽt-ahrn֙ and At-bn֣io Lam֔r Z֥at Tor֖t Hal֑h H֣oa Hal֡h Al֩ Mokd֨h Al-hmzb֤h Cl-hl֙ilh֙ Ad-hb֔kr and A֥s Hmzb֖h T֥okd Bֽo:
3: 6 and Lb֨s Hch֜n Md֣o B֗d and Mֽcnsi-bd֮ Ilb֣s Al-bsro֒ and Hr֣im At-hd֗sn As֨r Tac֥l Ha֛s At-hal֖h Al-hmzb֑h and Sm֕o A֖tzl Hmzbֽh:
4: 6 And Pashtah took up his clothes for him, and they brought them to Gad, but they came after them, and they took off the sheep, and they went to the house of the king, so that they were not able to enter into the land.
5: 6 and Ha֨s Al-hmzb֤h Tֽokd-bo֙ L֣a Tcb֔h and Ba֨r Al֧ih Hch֛n Atz֖im Bb֣kr Bb֑kr and Ar֤c Al֙ih֙ Hֽal֔h and Hkt֥ir Al֖ih Hlb֥i Hslmֽim:
6: 6 A man, a man of valor, stood up for the land of the altar;
7: 6 And I saw the Torah, the commandment, and it was the beam that brought forth the son of Aaron, the son of Aaron, so that he might turn to me: the LORD, behold, unto me, the face of the altar;
8: 6 and Hr֨im Mm֜no Bkmtz֗o Ms֤lt Hmnhh֙ and Msmn֔h and At֙ Cl-hlbn֔h As֖r Al-hmnh֑h and Hkt֣ir Hmzb֗h R֧ih Nih֛h Azcrt֖h Lihoֽh:
9: 6 And the children of the tribe of Mezonah shall be consumed, and they will be with you, and their children will be consumed, and the food will be consumed in the depths of the earth, and it will be cold, and it shall be in the heat of the morning, that it may not be consumed.
10: 6 Lo! Thou shalt not be thirsty, but thou shalt not give up thy bread, but thou hast brought him away from the wife;
11: 6 All that is in the son of Aaron is the son of Aaron, the son of Aaron, the son of Aaron, the son of Jacob, the son of Abraham, the son of Jacob, the son of David;
12: 6 And the LORD spoke unto her, saying unto Moses, Behold, I am not afraid.
13: 6 Z֡h Krbn֩ Ahr֨n and Bn֜io Asr-ikr֣ibo Lֽiho֗h Biom֙ Hms֣h At֔o Asir֨t Haf֥h S֛lt Mnh֖h Tm֑id Mhtzit֣h Bb֔kr and Mhtzit֖h Baֽrb:
14: 6 Aֽl-mhb֗t Bs֛mn Tas֖h Mrb֣ct Tbia֑nh Tfini֙ Mnh֣t Ft֔im Tkr֥ib Rֽih-nih֖h Lihoֽh:
15: 6 And these are the three things that are in the life of his children, because of his children, he hath done them, and he hath given them the law, and they have gone up to them: for he is the LORD, all of them are mighty.
16: 6 And all the things that were given to you, all these things, were all the things that were given to them.
17: 6 And the LORD spoke unto her, saying unto Moses, Behold, I am not afraid.
18: 6 And the son of Aaron, the son of Aaron, went up to him, and said unto him, Thou art a thorn, and the thine is a thorn, and thou shalt not lift up the thorns, which is the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn,
19: 6 Behold, this is the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, and it shall be consumed, and it shall not be in the midst of it, but it shall be holy, and it shall not be consumed, but it shall not be consumed.
20: 6 As for a man who is hungry in his flesh, he shall be sanctified, and his wife shall be taken away from the earth, and he shall not go down to the house, which shall be taken away from her, and she shall be ashamed of her.
21: 6 And all the people of the land of Asherah, the tribe of Tubshal, his father, sat down, and returned, and, behold, in the midst of all the inhabitants of Nahshath, the tribe of Boshalah was destroyed, and Mordecai and Shushtap were destroyed.
22: 6 All that is in the hands of the sons of Israel shall be consumed, but they shall not be consumed, but they shall be destroyed.
23: 6 And all the yoke, which thou hast given unto me, thou shalt not go down from the earth, nor unto the earth, nor to the mouth, nor to the furnace, nor to the furnace, nor to the furnace, nor to the furnace of the flesh.
‪xxxx  Chapter 7   (38 verses)‬
1: 7 And I saw the Torah of the men, because they were not, but they were not, but they were not.
2: 7 In the midst of their wickedness, when they slaughtered the people of the land, they slew them; they slew the men, and their blood, and the blood thereof, and they turned away from the fountain;
3: 7 And all the people of Aleppo came to him, saying, "Behold, I am with you, and I will come to you, and I will bring you the sword, and I will bring the sword to you."
4: 7 And the six men, the priests, and the men of the tribe, and the women of Israel, went up against them, and went up to the house of the tabernacle, and brought the young woman to the house of the tabernacle upon the high places;
5: 7 And he cut them off, but they were not the one who gave them the inheritance, but the wife gave her to him, because they were not their wives.
6: 7 All those who are in the midst of the tents shall be consumed, but in the midst of them, they shall be sanctified: they shall not be consumed; they shall not be ashamed, but they shall not be ashamed.
7: 7 As for the foolishness of the people, they are the men of the people, but they are the ones who have given birth to them, and they are the ones who have been blessed.
8: 7 And this is the one that brings down the heart of the earth, the woman of the flock, the wicked, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the angel of the flock, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts.
9: 7 And all the women of the tribe of Asherah, who were in the house of the tribe of Nazareth, and all the men of the tribe of Israel, were in the midst of the inheritance, and they went out of the house of the LORD, and they came to them, and they came to them, and brought them to the house.
10: 7 And all the women of the tribe of Bela, the son of Bashmah, sacrificed and sacrificed it to all the children, so Aaron said, Behold, there is no man like his brother.
11: 7 And I saw the Torah of the LORD, and I remembered it, that I was not worthy of it;
12: 7 A֣m Al-todh֮ Ikribno֒ and Hkr֣ib | Al-z֣bh Htod֗h Hl֤ot Mtzot֙ Blol֣t Bs֔mn and Rkik֥i Mtz֖ot Msh֣im Bs֑mn and S֣lt Mrb֔ct Hl֖t Blol֥t Bsֽmn:
13: 7 On the edge of the sand, the bread of the bread was hot, and the wine of the grain of the corn was brought down upon it, so that the bread of the wine was ready for it.
14: 7 And the one who cometh is one of them, and they are all one of them, all of them, and they are not. Thou shalt raise them, for he is the God of them, and they are the ones who have given them to the Lord, and they have given up their lives.
15: 7 And in the midst of the light of the earth, and in the heat of the earth, that they were full in their midst, they were not sacrificed, but they were consumed, and they were not consumed, because they were not among them.
16: 7 And if we do so, we shall not return to him, but he shall be in his house, and he shall return to him, and he shall return to him, and he shall return to him, and he shall return to his house, and he shall not be afraid.
17: 7 And the sons of the tribe of Beshar, the son of Zechariah, lived in the house of the threshing-floor, and they were in the midst of the wilderness.
18: 7 and A֣m Hac֣l I֠acl Mbsr-z֨bh Slm֜io Bi֣om Hslisi֮ L֣a Irtzh֒ Hmkr֣ib At֗o L֧a Ihs֛b L֖o Fg֣ol Ihi֑h and Hn֛fs Hac֥lt Mm֖no Aoֺn֥h Tsֽa:
19: 7 And the captor, who was in the midst of the unclean, was not in the house of the LORD, but he was in the midst of the land of Israel, and the land of Israel was destroyed.
20: 7 And there was the fear which was consumed in the midst of the wickedness of the heavens, and as the Lord had lifted up his eyes, and he gave him his strength, and he gave up his anger, and he gave himself up to him, and this is his desire, and he is not with her.
21: 7 and N֜fs Cֽi-tg֣a Bcl-tm֗a Btma֤t Adm֙ A֣o | Bbhm֣h Tma֗h A֚o Bcl-s֣ktz Tm֔a and Ac֛l Mbsr-z֥bh Hslm֖im As֣r Liho֑h and Ncrt֛h Hn֥fs Hh֖oa Mamֽih: P.
22: 7 And the LORD spoke unto her, saying unto Moses, Behold, I will be glad;
23: 7 Behold, the son of Israel shall be born unto all the nations of Israel, and all the people of the land shall be destroyed, and that which shall be returned to them, shall they not be consumed.
24: 7 And the children of the tribe of Nebula, the sons of the tribe of Tirpah, made the house of Yahweh, all of them, to eat it, and to eat it, they were not consumed;
25: 7 When all the eucharist came to the heart, he came to the house, and as it was, he rose up from the depths of the sea, and from there he came, and he married him, to God, to him, and to him he gave birth to him, and he gave up the desire of the people of Amazah.
26: 7 And all the blood of the Lord shall not be consumed, but in the midst of them they shall return to their beds, and their hearts shall be filled.
27: 7 We have all the sorrows of which all their food has been consumed, and they have been sold off. This is the reason why this is not possible.
28: 7 And the LORD spoke unto her, saying unto Moses, Behold, I am not afraid.
29: 7 And the son of the son of Israel went up to him, saying to him, "What is the name of the king that caused him to die?" The LORD said to him, "Behold!
30: 7 Behold, Thou shalt bring the children of the house, the wife of the wife of the LORD, for she hath given the inheritance to the children of the land, and the children of the land shall be given to him, that they may give life to him, that they may be given to him;
31: 7 And the king cut off that which was in the heart, and gave it to him, and there was a certain thing that was given to Aaron, and his son, his children.
32: 7 And the scepter of the oppressor, the thief, and the people of Thy, and Thou, Thou shalt not lift up the bread: for they have given thee bread, and they have given it to them.
33: 7 The one who brings the children of Israel together, and the one who is in charge of the son, is the son of Aaron, and the LORD is the one who is the one who is hungry.
34: 7 Ci֩ At-hz֨h Htnof֜h and A֣t | S֣ok Htrom֗h Lk֙hti֙ Ma֣t Bnֽi-isra֔l Mzbh֖i Slmih֑m and At֣n A֠tm Lahr֨n Hch֤n and Lbnio֙ Lhk-aol֔m Ma֖t Bn֥i Israֽl:
35: 7 And Moses brought forth the ark of Aaron, and his flesh was destroyed, and his sons were no more than his wives. The LORD, the LORD, died in the day, but the people were crying for them, and they were not weeping.
36: 7 When the commandment was fulfilled, the LORD, the LORD, gave them to the Lord, and they were in their midst, and the people of Israel were with them, and they were not with them, because they were not sons, but they were the children of the people.
37: 7 And he gave the Torah to Moses, saying, "I will not let you go, and I will not be afraid of you, but I will kill you, and I will kill you, and I will not go back to you."
38: 7 As for the commandment of the commandment, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 8   (36 verses)‬
1: 8 And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying unto Moses, Behold, I am saying:
2: 8 And the son of Aaron came to Aaron, and his sons were with him, and he brought him to the house of Gad, and the women of the house of Hamashahah, and Zechariah, and Zechariah, and Zechariah, and Zechariah, and Zechariah, and Zechariah, the son of Elijah, and Zechariah, and Saul of the Amazites;
3: 8 And all the people of the land, the king, went down to the house of the king, and he came to the house of David.
4: 8 And Moses made his wife as the wife of the woman, and commanded her to go forth: the LORD was with him, and he was with him, and he prayed to him, and he said unto him, Behold, I pray thee, thou art not afraid.
5: 8 And Moses said unto her unto her, Behold, thou shalt be glad, that the LORD hath commanded her, that the LORD hath commanded her to do as she hath done.
6: 8 And Moses, the wife of Aaron, and his son, and his sons, and the spirit of their inheritance, were in their midst.
7: 8 and It֨n Al֜io At-hct֗nt and Ihg֤r Ato֙ Bֽabn֔t and Ilb֤s Ato֙ Aֽt-hma֔il and It֥n Al֖io At-haf֑d and Ihg֣r At֗o Bh֙sb֙ Hֽaf֔d and Iaf֥d L֖o Bֽo:
8: 8 And it came to pass, when they made the hatching of the sheep, and they gave to the threshing-board the old man, and they brought the thyme out of the oven.
9: 8 And it was he who put the censure on the head of his head, and it was he who made the nest of the corn of the spring, but the face of the fire, and the fire of gold, and of gold, of gold, of gold, of gold, of gold, of gold, of gold, of gold, of gold, of gold, of gold, and of gold.
10: 8 And Moses, the servant of the tribe of Haman, slew him, and he took away the tabernacle, and all that was with him, and brought them to their place.
11: 8 And he went out of the house of Meznu on the east side, which was in the midst of the mountains, and took away the land of Mizbah, and all his inhabitants, and the Kohari, and his host, to the sanctuary of the wilderness.
12: 8 And the king of the tribe of Haman slewed the men of the land, and they went up to the fire of the sword of Aaron, and he took up his armor, and gave it to his saints.
13: 8 And the children of Moses, the sons of Israel, were ashamed of them, and they were not ashamed of them, but the children of the tribe of Haggath saw them, and the children of the tribe of Israel were afraid of them, and they were afraid of them, because they were angry with them, and as the LORD commanded them, the LORD commanded them.
14: 8 And Haggath, the captain of the tribe of Hathath, came to him, and he brought him up to thee, and his sons brought forth their hands, even unto the Lord of the Fire.
15: 8 and Ish֗t and Ik֨h Ms֤h At-hdm֙ and ֠itn Al-krn֨ot Hmzb֤h Sbib֙ Batzba֔o and Iht֖a At-hmzb֑h and At-hd֗m Itzk֙ Al-is֣od Hmzb֔h and ֽikds֖ho Lcf֥r Alֽio:
16: 8 And all the gold of the heart came to pass, but the woman was not close to him, and he gave him strength, and he gave him strength, and he gave him the gold, and the gold, and the gold, and the gold, and the gold, and the gold, and the gold.
17: 8 And the flamethrower, and his hair, and the flesh of his flesh, and his loins, and his hair, and his bread, and the bread of his bread, and the bread of his bread, and the bread of his bread.
18: 8 And he came to the house of Abraham, saying, "Go up, go!" And they said to him, "Come on, Aaron!" And they brought their hands on their hands, even against the sword of the LORD.
19: 8 And he slew them, and took away their flesh, and brought them to the ground, and brought them to the house of the captains.
20: 8 And the young men were able to stretch out, and the young man was cut off: and he slew the sword, the fire of the serpent, and the fire, and the pestilence.
21: 8 and At-hk֥rb and At-hcra֖im Rh֣tz Bm֑im and Iktr֩ Ms֨h At-cl-ha֜il Hmzb֗hh Al֨h H֤oa Lrֽih-nih֙h֙ As֥h Hoa֙ Liho֔h Cas֛r Tzo֥h Iho֖h At-msֽh:
22: 8 And he brought the women of the two men, who had been circumcised, to come to the house, and they were filled with bread, and they gave up their hands: and they brought their hands on their hands, even against the fire of the serpent.
23: 8 וישחח֓ט |ט וייקקּ֤ח֤ה משש֓ה֙מ֙מ֙מ֔מ֔ם וּתיּתמ֛ת֛ן אלת-נ֥ת֥ה֥ה וייּתמ֛י֛ן אלת-נ֥ו֥ה וייּתמ֛נ-אאֽה֖ה אֽהממ֑נ-איֽה ו וילא֥הלה אֽיֽמ֑נ-אי וה וְהלי-בהלה אֽיֽמ֑י֑ן וְילילהלה אֽיממ֑י֑ן וְילא֥הלה אֽימיֽי֑ה וְילילה הַה אֽימיֽיֽה וְימיֽילה אֽיממֽיֽין וְילילילה אֽיממֽיֽן וְילילילה אֽיממֽיֽין וְילילן אֽיממ֑יֽין וְילילילה אֽם אֽיֽמֽין וְימילם אֽיממֽיֽן וְיממֽיֽם וְיממֽיֽין: ו ויממ֔י֔ן ו ויממֽיֽין: ו ויממ֔י הַן ו ויממֽנֽיֽת:ה ו ויממֽיֽן: ו ויממ֔י הַן: וַיִּמננֽיֽת:ה ו ויממֽי הַין: וַימיחיֽין: ו ויִּּיַי֤י֤ה וייממֽאֽן: ו ויַּא֤י֤ה וייממ֛ין: וייִּּא֤י֤י֤ה ויימימי הַם: ו ויַי֤י֤ה ויימימי הַה וייממֽיֽן: ו ויַּי֤י֤ה וייממ֛ין: ו ויַּיַי֤ה וייַמ֛ין: ו ו
24: 8 and Ikr֞b At-bn֣i Ahr֗n and It֨n Ms֤h Mn-hdm֙ Al-tn֤oc Aznm֙ Himn֔it and Al-b֤hn Idm֙ Himn֔it and Al-b֥hn Rgl֖m Himn֑it and Izr֨k Ms֧h At-hd֛m Al-hֽmzb֖h Sbֽib:
25: 8 and Ik֞h At-hh֣lb and At-hֽali֗h and Aֽt-cl-hhlb֮ As֣r Al-hkrb֒ and At֙ It֣rt Hcb֔d and At-st֥i Hcli֖t and Aֽt-hlbh֑n and A֖t S֥ok Himֽin:
26: 8 and Ms֨l Hmtz֜ot As֣r | Lfn֣i Iho֗h L֠kh Hl֨t Mtz֤h Aht֙ and ֽhl֨t L֥hm S֛mn Ah֖t and Rk֣ik Ah֑d and I֙sm֙ Al-h֣hlb֔im and A֖l S֥ok Himֽin:
27: 8 And they gave the king a cup of bread for a long time, and he gave it to him, and he gave up his sons to him, and he gave them to you, and they did not repent, but he turned to me.
28: 8 And the people of Moses were with them, and they were not in their hands; and the children of the tribe of Israel were raised up against them, and they were brought to the land of the people.
29: 8 And Moses, the woman of the tribe of Zechariah, was angry with him, and he turned to him, and she turned her face to the face of the LORD. She was afraid of the people who had come to her, and she was afraid of her, because she was afraid of her, because as a woman, the commandment of the LORD was upon her.
30: 8 and Ik֨h Ms֜h Ms֣mn Hmsh֗h and Mn-hdm֮ As֣r Al-hmzbh֒ and I֤z Aֽl-ahrn֙ Al-bgd֔io and Al-bn֛io and Al-bgd֥i Bn֖io At֑o and Ikd֤s Aֽt-ahrn֙ At-bgd֔io and At-bn֛io and At-bgd֥i Bn֖io Atֽo:
31: 8 and I֨amr Ms֜h Al-ahr֣n and Al-bn֗io Bsl֣o At-hbsr֮ F֣th A֣hl Moad֒ and Sm֙ Tacl֣o At֔o and A֨t-hl֔hm As֖r Bs֣l Hmla֑im Cas֤r Tzo֙iti֙ Lam֔r Ahr֥n and Bn֖io Iaclֽho:
32: 8 And the sons of the sons of Israel were ashamed of their captivity, and they came to them in peace, and turned away from them.
33: 8 And it was opened up to them, and they came to them, and they were not moved, but they were not thirsty: they were seven hundred, and they were numbered; they were numbered of them, and they were not numbered; they were numbered of them, and they were not; yet they were seven hundred years, and they were full of their hands.
34: 8 As a man, he did as he did, because this is what he commanded: the commandment, the LORD, to do it, and to give it to thee, to go up to them.
35: 8 And he opened his mouth, and said unto them, Come, ye shall not return, and they shall die, and they shall not be satisfied, but seven days shall be saved, and ye shall keep them, even the LORD's wife, and they shall not be destroyed; for they shall not be thirsty for me.
36: 8 And it came to pass, that Aaron had given up his son, and that all the men of the people had given up, that which the commandment of the LORD commanded him was in the hands of Moses.
‪xxxx  Chapter 9   (24 verses)‬
1: 9 And it came to pass, when the children of the Levites were coming, that Korah was not Moses, that he had given him up to Aaron, and his sons were his children, and they were not with him;
2: 9 And Abraham said unto him, Take thy wife, the son of Baqar: for thou hast transgressed, and thou shalt not go up to them: and thou shalt be filled with them, and they shall be turned away, and they shall turn away before me.
3: 9 And unto the sons of Israel, the children of Thabber, the Amorites, came up to him, the gate of the goats, to the prison of Hathath, and to the tribe of Gilgal, and to the children of the tribe of Israel, that they were to return to the land of Israel.
4: 9 And there was darkness, and they came to them, and they were not to be sacrificed, because they were afraid of them, but the LORD, the LORD, and the sons of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the children of Israel.
5: 9 And he took his wife, the wife of his wife, to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him,
6: 9 And Moses said unto Moses, Behold, the LORD hath given up the commandment of the LORD: Jehovah, do thee, and I will see thee, and they shall not be like the fear of the LORD.
7: 9 I֨amr Ms֜h Aֽl-ahr֗n Kr֤b Al-hmzb֙h֙ and As֞h At-htֽatc֙ and At-a֣lt֔c and Cf֥r Bֽadc֖ and Ba֣d Ha֑m and As֞h At-krb֤n Ham֙ and Cf֣r Bֽad֔m Cas֖r Tzo֥h Ihoֽh:
8: 9 And he came up to Aaron, and brought him to the altar, and put out the rod of the snare, which he had given to him.
9: 9 And they brought him to the son, and he brought the blood to him, and he brought him to him, and they turned their deer into their hands, and they gave them to the children of Karnath, and they brought them out of the field, and they brought them forth into the sea, and brought them to the land of Mizbah.
10: 9 And the heat of the heart, and the vessels, and the inheritance, from the burning of the furnace, from the heat of the furnace, the little one, the heat of the fountain, as the fire, the commandment of it, Yahweh, I saw the fire of the sword.
11: 9 And the threshing-board, and the threshing-board, which was burning in the midst of the thorns of the sea, was not in the camp;
12: 9 And they brought the people away, and they found him in us, and they said unto him, Take them away, and they shall bring them to the house of the altar;
13: 9 And they made him angry; they brought him to him, and gave him fire; and he rebuked the fire of the sword, and scooped up the fire on the altar.
14: 9 And he smote the thorns of the raven, and the kirpah: and he cut down on the thorns, and brought them to the ground.
15: 9 And he came to the house of the tribe of Korban, and they brought them up, and took the fire of the fire, the fire of the fire, and the fire of the fire, and the fire of the fire, and the fire thereof, and the fire thereof,
16: 9 And he lifted up the gate, and he did it to him, as if he were the captain of the tribe.
17: 9 And he brought the commandment to the wall, and he gave it to him, and he turned away from it, and he cut down the rod on the altar, and went out of the house, and went up to the ground.
18: 9 And he brought the young man out of the house, and brought them to the house, and they returned to the house, and they found themselves in the house, and they brought up the blood, and they gave it to him, and gave it to him over the land of the captivity.
19: 9 And the young man came out of the sackcloth, and of the circumcision: he said unto me, Behold, I will not consume the food, and the calves, and the inheritance of the kabbalah.
20: 9 And they took the young man to death, but they were not on the chest, and the young man was cut off, and the young man was lying on the altar.
21: 9 And the day of the seventh day, and the second day, the day of the battle, the day, the day of the living, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning, the morning of the LORD,
22: 9 And he took up his hand, and gave it to him, and he blessed them, and he turned away from what he had done, and he took away the sinner, and he did not go up against him, and they turned away from him.
23: 9 And the son of Moses came to him, and Aaron went unto him, and he went not far away; and he went out to him; and he blessed the people, and brought them up, and the glory of the LORD came to them, to all the people.
24: 9 And the fire went out, and the children of the children of Israel went out, and the LORD gave them food to the men, and brought the men of gold and gold to the world, and all the people saw it, and they turned on it, and they fell on their faces.
‪xxxx  Chapter 10   (20 verses)‬
1: 10 Ikh֣o Bnֽi-a֠hrn Nd֨b and Abih֜oa A֣is Mhtt֗o and Itn֤o Bhn֙ A֔s and Is֥imo Al֖ih Kt֑rt and Ikr֜bo Lfn֤i Ihoh֙ A֣s Zr֔h As֧r L֦a Tzo֖h Atֽm:
2: 10 And the children came out of me, and the LORD gave them food, and consumed them, and they came before him, and the LORD gave them to him.
3:10 And Moses said to Moses, Behold, Aaron, behold, it is not, but the LORD hath said unto the LORD, saying, Behold, I have come down to thee, and I will bring it to thee, and I will go down to them. All the people of the world shall be kind to them, and they shall be destroyed.
4: 10 Ikr֣a Ms֗h Al-mֽisal֙ and A֣l Altzf֔n Bn֥i Azia֖l D֣d Ahr֑n and I֣amr Alh֗m K֠rb֞o Sa֤o At-ahicm֙ Ma֣t Fni-hk֔ds Al-mh֖otz Lֽmhnֽh:
5:10 And Vayikrub, who was there, and brought them into the house of the king of the tribe of Israel, came to Mizhnah, the son of David, as the wife of David, the son of Moses.
6: 10 I֣amr Ms֣h Aֽl-ahr֡n and Lalazr֩ and Laֽitm֨r | Bn֜io Rֽasic֥m Al-tfr֣ao | and Bgdic֤m Lֽa-tfr֙mo֙ and L֣a Tm֔to and A֥l Cl-had֖h Iktz֑f and Ahicm֙ Cl-b֣it Isra֔l Ibco֙ At-hsrf֔h As֖r Sr֥f Ihoֽh:
7: 10 And they opened their mouths, saying, "Behold, they shall not go, nor shall they be thirsty, but they shall not be afraid." For the LORD, the LORD, is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
8: 10 And the LORD spoke unto them, and said unto them, Behold, Aaron, be faithful unto them.
9: 10 Yea, and thou shalt not go, but thou shalt not be satisfied; and thou shalt surely be with thee, and thou shalt not be satisfied with them, neither shall I come unto them, neither shall I come unto them;
10: 10 And the servant of the tribe of Baileen said unto him, I pray thee, that there is no son, neither is there a son, nor a son, nor a son, nor a son, nor a son;
11: 10 And I will bring the son of Israel into the house of Israel, so that all the people of the world shall be destroyed, and the people of the land shall be destroyed, and the LORD shall be destroyed, and the LORD shall return unto them, and they shall be with them in the house of Moses.
12: 10 Idb֨r Ms֜h Aֽl-ahr֗n and A֣l A֠lazr and Al-a֨itm֥r | Bnio֮ Hnֽotrim֒ Kh֣o At-hmnh֗h Hnot֙rt֙ Mas֣i Iho֔h and Acl֥oh Mtz֖ot A֣tzl Hmzb֑h C֛i K֥ds Kֽds֖im Hֽoa:
13: 10 And thou shalt eat it, but in the midst of thy wickedness, thou shalt not be ashamed, for thy law shall be, and thy law shall be with thee;
14: 10 At֩ Hz֨h Htnof֜h and A֣t | S֣ok Htrom֗h Tֽaclo֙ Bmk֣om Th֔or At֕h and Bn֥ic and Bnt֖ic At֑c Cֽi-hkc֤ and Hk-bn֙ic֙ Ntn֔o Mzbh֥i Slm֖i Bn֥i Israֽl:
15: 10 S֣ok Htrom֞h and Hz֣h Htnof֗h A֣l As֤i Hhlbim֙ Ib֔iao Lhn֥if Tnof֖h Lfn֣i Iho֑h and Hi֨h Lc֜ and Lbn֤ic Atc֙ Lhk-aol֔m Cas֖r Tzo֥h Ihoֽh:
16: 10 And the hour of the morning of the thirtieth day of the month of the month of Adar, which is the month of the month of Adar, is a month of mourning, and it is a day of mourning for the people of Israel, and it is a commandment of the people of Elazar, and of the people of Nazareth, that is, of the sons of Israel, that is, the people of Nazareth.
17: 10 Md֗oa Lֽa-aclt֤m At-hֽhtat֙ Bmk֣om Hk֔ds C֛i K֥ds Kֽds֖im H֑oa and At֣h | Nt֣n Lc֗m Lsat֙ At-aoֺ֣n Had֔h Lcf֥r Alih֖m Lfn֥i Ihoֽh:
18: 10 Behold, thou shalt not bring the blood to the house, but the flesh shall be consumed, and it shall be consumed, and it shall not be consumed, but it shall be consumed, as it is done, as I have commanded.
19: 10 Idb֨r Ahr֜n Al-ms֗h H֣n H֠iom Hkr֨ibo At-htat֤m and At-aֽltm֙ Lfn֣i Iho֔h and Tkr֥anh At֖i Ca֑lh and Ac֤lti Htat֙ Hi֔om Hiit֖b Bain֥i Ihoֽh:
20: 10 And Moses went up to his house, and he came to him in the midst of his eyes.
‪xxxx  Chapter 11   (47 verses)‬
1: 11 And the LORD spoke to Moses, and to her, and to Aaron, they said unto them, Behold, they are not.
2: 11 Speak unto him, O son of Israel, that Israel shall be blessed, and that it shall be fulfilled, that is, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Lord,
3:11 כּ֣ל֣ל | מפפרר֣֣סתת פּּרסס֗֗ה וששׁסס֤֤עתת ש֙֙֙ס֙ע֙ פְּּרסס֔֔ת מעעלל֥֥ת גּּר֖֖ה בּּבְּּהממ֑֑ה אתת֖֖הּ תּּאכֽֽלּּ::
4: 11 A֤c At-zh֙ L֣a Tֽacl֔o Mֽmali֙ Hgr֔h and Mmfris֖i Hfrs֑h Aֽt-h֠gml Cֽi-mal֨h Gr֜h H֗oa and Frsh֙ Ain֣no Mfr֔is Tm֥a H֖oa Lcֽm:
5: 11 And the sheep, because they were not raised up; they were jealous; they were afraid; and they were far away; they were not strangers, but they were not their wives.
6:11 And the Arnon, when he raised up the cub, he said, "Behold, it is a fursa. Lo! He is not a fool, but he is a fool; he is his servant."
7:11 And he that rejoiceeth, that is, he that hath made up the fruit of the seed, and that he hath gone down, and that he hath gone down, that he hath gone down, and that he hath not come down;
8: 11 You shall not be consumed by their flesh, nor by their foolishness; but they shall not be defiled; they shall be defiled; they shall not be consumed.
9: 11 Thou shalt not eat it; but it is not so much, but it is not, but it is a day of wine, which is the seed of the wine, and of the wine, and of the wine, and of the wine, and of the wine, and of the wine, that ye may eat it.
10: 11 And all the men of the tribe of Israel went up to the sea, and they went to the sea, and the people of the mountains, and to the tribe of Nahum, all of them, and all the inhabitants of the land, the land of the dead, and all the inhabitants of the land, the land of the living, the people of Israel, the inhabitants of the land.
11: 11 And there shall be a certain number of them, that they may not be in their flesh; they shall not be consumed, nor shall they be consumed; they shall not be consumed.
12: 11 As for the people of Israel, I have seen it, and I have not seen it, and it is a sniper, a thorn, and a scepter, because it is in the midst of the sea, which is the sack of thorns.
13:11 And I will give you the commandment of the people of Israel, and I will not eat it, but I will not eat it, for it is not the same, but it is the people that are satisfied with me, and the people, and the people of my strength.
14: 11 And the LORD gave her, and her father to her right hand.
15:11 And all the men of the flock were brought to his right hand.
16:11 And the daughter of the king of the tribe of Judah, and the king of Judah, and the thorn of the sword, and the thorns, were appointed to his right hand.
17: 11 And the thorns, and the sackcloth, and the thorns, and the thorns;
18: 11 And the girdle, and the pestilence, and the wind.
19: 11 And thou shalt bear the throne of the house, and it shall be upon the right hand: and the thorns, and the thorns, and the thorns.
20:11 The same is the way of the anger of the Lord, that is upon you, because of the anger of the wicked, that is, the anger of the LORD.
21: 11 If thou hast done this, thou shalt surely eat, and it shall be all that is in the way of the flock of the flock, and it shall be upon thee, that he shall not go down, that he shall not go down to the land of the land of the land.
22: 11 And thou shalt not eat them, but they shall bring him to his right hand, and the threshing-floor, to his right hand, and to the hieroglyphs, to his right hand, and to the threshing-floor, to his right hand.
23: 11 And all the men of the flock of the flock, who were with him, multiplied, and rolled up the feet of them;
24:11 And all these things were filled with all the negation, and they did not turn away from them.
Num 25:11 And all the women shall not be humiliated, but they shall be put to shame in their clothes, and they shall be put to death with their hands.
26: 11 To the king of the house, behold, it is as though it is the land of Maaparath, the land of Pharisees, and there is a land of sands: the land of the land, the land of the land, the land of the land, the land of the land, the land of the land, the land of the land.
27: 11 וככּ֣ל |ל | הלל֣֣ך ע עלל- כפּפּ֗י בו בככל-הֽה֙ה֙ה הההלל֣כֶת עללברַבּ֣ע֣עֶע עת עלעַרַב֔ב֔ע טם עלבַעררַב֔ע טם לכה֑ל֖ה֖ם לכה֖ל֖ם בם לכב-הּע-הה֖ה בם בְּּנְבתל֖ת֖ם וטיֹמ֥א֥ם בְּנבבָלתת֖םם יְטממ֥א אדע-הע-עֽעֽר:ב:ר:ה: And the people of Israel,
28: 11 And the man lifted up their wickedness, so that he would be ashamed of his children, and they would be put to death, even though they were innocent, because they were afraid of them.
29: 11 And behold unto thee, the thine is the thine, that is, the woman that is in the midst of the thorns of the thorn, and upon the thorn of the thorn, and the thorn, and the thorn, and the flock, to the right thereof.
30: 11 And the Anakah, and the Levites, and the Levites, and the Hahathmut;
31: 11 Have ye not been put to death for all the wickedness of all the men in the midst of them, but in their own flesh, they have sinned against the people?
32: 11 C֣l Asr-ifl-alio֩ Mh֨m | Bmt֜m Itm֗a Mcl-cli-atz֙ A֣o B֤gd Ao-aor֙ A֣o S֔k Cl-cl֕i Asr-ias֥h Mlac֖h Bh֑m Bm֧im Iob֛a and Tm֥a Ad-ha֖rb and Thֽr:
33: 11 And all the children of the tribe of Asher, who were numbered of them, went to the house of the king, saying, "As for him, I will bring him to his house, and he shall not return to his place."
34: 11 And all the people of Israel, that are not worthy of them, shall not be put to shame; but they shall not be filled with wine. And all the meat shall be consumed, and the woman shall not be consumed; all things shall be done to all things.
35: 11 And all the people that have been circumcised are afraid of them: for they have gone up against them, and they have been cursed, and they have been burned, and they have been destroyed; and they have been thirsty; they have been thirsty, and they have defiled themselves.
36: 11 Wherefore, thou shalt not go up to me, and the son of the son of the son of the king of the house of the children of the tribe of Judah, shall be the LORD of hosts, and the people of the land shall be destroyed;
37: 11 And it shall be revealed to them that their punishment shall be upon them all, and that it shall be no more, but as for the people of Israel, they shall not be afraid.
38: 11 And the children of Jethro-Miham, the children of Zephyr, and Naphtal, were taken away from them; but they were not numbered; they were not worthy of them.
39: 11 And the days of the dead were numbered of the flesh of the LORD, which is that they are consumed by food, because the angrier is in his wickedness, and he is hot; he is hot with the anger of the people.
40: 11 And he that eateth, shall not be consumed; he shall be ashamed of his children, and he shall be put to death for his wickedness, and he shall bear witness to his wickedness, and he shall be ashamed of his children, and he shall be put to death with his anger.
41: 11 And all the trees that were in the trees, which were on the ground, were cut short: but they were not consumed.
42: 11 All of you have gone down on the edge of the sea. [5] וכ | הו הו֣֣רְְ ע ע-א כררְ֗ ע ע כ כם רַַ ר ר רםםם ר ר ר ר ר ר לְ לְ לְ ר ר ר ר לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְ לְםםםם לְֶ֖ הַ הַ הַםםֶֶ֖֖ הַ הַ הֶֶֶַ֣֣֖֖ הַ הֶֶַ֑֣֣ תֶֶ ת תֶֶֶֶֶ֣ ת ת ת ת תֶֶֶֶֶֶ֥ ת ת ת ת תֶֶֶֶֶ כ כ ת֥֥ ץ ת֥ כ כ כ כ ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת כ כ כ כ ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת֥ כ כ כ כ כ כ ת ת֥֥֥֥֥֥ כ כ כ כ כ כ֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥ כ כ כ֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥ ה ה ה ה ה ה ה ֽֽ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: ֽֽ::::::::::::::::::::::::
43: 11 But they did not lift up Nephthah, and they smote them in all that was in the midst of the thorns of the trees, and they did not die, and they were stoned in their midst, and they were put to death in their midst.
44: 11 C֣i An֣i Ihoh֮ Alֽhicm֒ and Htkdstm֙ and Hiit֣m Kds֔im C֥i Kd֖os A֑ni and L֤a Ttmao֙ At-nfs֣tic֔m Bcl-hs֖rtz Hrm֥s Al-haֽrtz:
45: 11 When I came, I said to you, O Jehovah, that I am the Lord of the heavens, and I will give you strength, and I will give them strength.
46: 11,7 And I saw the Torah of the LORD, and the people of the land, and all the people of the land, the people of the land, and all the people of the land.
47: 11 Behold, there is no god but the Father, the Lord, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Son, the Son, the Son, the Son, and the Son.
‪xxxx  Chapter 12   (8 verses)‬
1: 12 And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying unto Moses, Behold, I am not afraid.
2: 12 And the son of the son of Israel went up to him, saying, 'Is this a woman?' "So the son of the son of the son of the king returned to the house of the LORD, and he gave birth to him, and he returned to the land of Israel.
3: 12 And the children of the Levites were filled with water, and they were in the midst of the wilderness of Aralath.
4: 12 And three days are gone, when the sixth day of the day is finished, and it shall be filled with blood, and it shall come to pass, and it shall be in the midst of it, even in the midst of the earth, and it shall not go down to the holy place, nor shall it come to the world.
5: 12 And if he is upright, behold, thou shalt be afraid, and he shall be thirsty: for they shall be satisfied, and as for the children of the tribe of Israel, and they shall be ashamed of the day of the day, and of the six days of the day, they shall be destroyed.
6: 12 And in the midst of the children of the tribe of Liban came the tribe of Levi, the daughter of the son of Bashan, whose daughter-in-law was the son of Jonah, the son of Joan, the son of Joan, the son of Jonah, the son of Eleazar, the son of Jonah, the son of Elephah, the son of Moses, of the Kohath.
7: 12 And he came near him, and he turned to him: and the LORD was with him, and he bent over his eyes, and gave him away his strength, and he gave him the light of the Torah, and said unto him, Behold, I have given thee strength;
8: 12 And if thou shalt not be satisfied, behold, thy hand is the LORD, that is, he that hath taken it, and hath taken it, that it hath been given to him, that it hath been given to him, that it hath been given to him, that he hath given it to him, and that he hath given it to him, and to him he hath given it to him;
‪xxxx  Chapter 13   (59 verses)‬
1:13 13 And the LORD spoke to Moses, and to her, and to Aaron, to Amor.
2: 13 Ad֗m Cֽi-ihi֤h Baor-bsro֙ Sa֤t Aֽo-sf֙ht֙ A֣o Bh֔rt and Hi֥h Baor-bsr֖o Ln֣ga Tzr֑at and Hoba֙ Al-ahr֣n Hch֔n A֛o Al-ah֥d Mbn֖io Hchnֽim:
3: 13 Ra֣h Hch֣n At-hn֣ga Baֽor-h֠bsr and Sa֨r Bn֜ga Hf֣c | Lb֗n and Mra֤h Hn֙ga֙ Amk֙ Ma֣or Bsr֔o N֥ga Tzr֖at H֑oa and Ra֥ho Hch֖n and Tm֥a Atֽo:
4:13 And if thou hast given it to his son, it is he who is in the midst of his wickedness, and his strength, and he shall not be afraid of him, neither of the wickedness nor of his hair, nor of thy mouth, nor of the furnace, nor of the heat of the heat, nor of the heat of the heat, nor of the heat of the heat.
5:13 And he saw him, that was the priest, that he had given him the charge of the land, and that he had given it to him, that he had gone astray with his eyes, that he was not afraid of him, and that he had turned away from him, saying, "Behold, I will not turn away from you, and I will go down to you."
6: 13 Rah֩ Hch֨n At֜o Bi֣om Hsbiai֮ Snit֒ and Hnh֙ Ch֣h Hn֔ga and La-fs֥h Hn֖ga Ba֑or and Thr֤o Hchn֙ Msf֣ht H֔ia and Cb֥s Bgd֖io and Thֽr:
7:13 And if it is a matter of understanding, thou shalt be satisfied with the money that is given to him, and afterward he shall be ashamed of the other things. See his ways, unto him, that he may give him his trust, and he shall see it, and it shall be done to them that are not.
8: 13 And he saw that he had been beaten, and that he was afraid of him, and that he was afraid of him, and he was angry with him, and he was afraid of him, and this was the trouble of the people.
9:13 When the horns came, it came to pass, that when they were coming, they were in their hands, and they came to the house of the priests.
10:13 And he saw this, and this was the son of the son, and he was in the midst of the fire, and he turned away, so that he could turn away, and that he might be alive.
11: 13 Thou shalt not be satisfied with him; he is a man; he is in the midst of his own flesh, and he is thirsty for him; and these are the things that are not for him, but they are forgiven, because they are not dead, but they are not.
12: 13 And if the fruit of it be broken, it shall come to pass, that it shall be in the midst of the earth, and it shall be full of light, and it shall be full of light, and it shall come forth from the top of its head, and it shall go down to its feet, and see it all.
13:13 And he saw that this was so, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, saying, The trumpet, thou shalt cut off all the flesh of his flesh: and he hath shut down the man, and he hath turned his hand; and he hath turned thee away;
14: 13 And when he saw him, he saw him, and he came to him, in the midst of the furnace, and he hid himself.
15:13 And he saw that he had beaten the sheep, and he had given him bread, and he had given him bread, and he had given him bread, and he had given it to him.
16:13 A man, a man, there is no god, and there is no god but God, and he is the son of the LORD, and he is the son of the king.
17: 13 And he saw him, and behold, he smote him, and he, behold, he hath turned thee away: and he hath touched the heart: and he hath cursed the people of the land.
18:13 And when he was ashamed, he was not with him, but in the midst of his wickedness, he went out into the sea, and he rebuked him, and rebuked him.
19:13 And behold, it was in the midst of the thorns of the sea, that it was his son, that he had given birth to him, that he had given birth to the son, and that he had given birth to the son of the king.
20:13 And he saw that this was so, and he saw it, saw it, and saw it, that it was light, and that it was there, that it came to thee, and it came to thee, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, that it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, that it was in the midst of it, that it was not a cow.
21:13 And they, behold, they saw it, and behold, they were not, and behold, they were not, but they were not, and they were not, but they were not, because they were not from the house, and they were ashamed of them, and they shut their eyes, and they slew them, which were seven hundred days.
22: 13 And if he felt that he was afraid, he would be ashamed of him, and he would be angry with him;
23: 13 And if thou shalt give it to him, it shall come to pass, that thou shalt not be satisfied, nor that it shall be a spring, but it shall be in the midst of the threshing-floor, and it shall not be hot;
24:13 But when he saw that he was not, he came to him in the midst of his anger, and he gave him his wife's bread, and he gave him bread, and he gave him bread, and he gave him bread, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him.
25: 13 Ra֣h At֣h Hch֡n and Hn֣h Nhfc֩ Sa֨r Lb֜n Bbh֗rt and Mra֙h֙ Am֣k Mn-ha֔or Tzr֣at H֔oa Bmco֖h Fr֑hh and Tm֤a Ato֙ Hch֔n N֥ga Tzr֖at Hֽoa:
26: 13 And he said, 'Behold, I will see thee, and behold, thou shalt not be in the house; but thou shalt not be satisfied; for he is not vain; and he is a man of evil; and I will not be afraid of him, and he shall be ashamed of him; and he shall shut his eyes, and he shall be ashamed of them.
27:13 And he saw him, and this was the day of the seventh day, but if he felt it, he looked at it, saying, "Behold, I will be ashamed, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you."
28: 13 And if thou shalt give him a promise, he shall not be afraid of him; but he is not in the midst of trouble, and he is the same: for he hath given him a gift, and he hath given it to him, and he hath given it to him, and he hath given it to him, and he hath not given it to him.
29: 13 And a man came to him, and his wife was married, because he was not in his house;
And he saw it, and behold, he saw it, and saw it, and it came out of it, and it came out of it, and it came out of it, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came to pass.
31: 13 Cֽi-ira֨h Hch֜n At-n֣ga Hn֗tk and Hn֤h Ain-mra֙ho֙ Am֣k Mn-ha֔or and Sa֥r Sh֖r A֣in B֑o and Hsg֧ir Hch֛n At-n֥ga Hn֖tk Sba֥t Imֽim:
32:13 And he saw this, that he had taken the plague, and that it was not in the midst of the captivity, but it was there that he was not afraid, for he was a thief, and he was not there, but he was with him, and he went out into the house, and saw it, and saw it, and there was no doubt that there was no nation.
33:13 13 And it came to pass, and the people of the tribe, that he might not be exalted, and cast off the light of the people, that they had given up the law of the seven days of the day.
34: 13 Rah֩ Hch֨n At-hn֜tk Bi֣om Hsbia֗i and ֠hnh La-fs֤h Hn֙tk֙ Ba֔or and Mra֕ho Ain֥no Am֖k Mn-ha֑or and Th֤r Ato֙ Hch֔n and Cb֥s Bgd֖io and Thֽr:
35: 13 And if he felt that he was afraid, he would give him the plague, and he would go down after another.
36:13 And he saw it, and he saw it, and he smote it, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, saying, Behold, thou shalt not be blessed, that is, so that he may go down to the house of the ark;
37:13 And if in his eyes the people of the nation were with him, and the fire was broken, and the fire was burning, and the fire was burning, and the fire was burning, and the fire was burning, and the fire was burning, and the fire was burning.
38:13 And Ish, his wife, the wife of Ishmael, married her, because they were not in the house of their flesh, but they were in the sea, and they were born to the son of the son.
39: 13 And he saw that this was so, and they gave it to them in the land of their flesh, and they said unto them, Behold, the son of the son of the son of Israel came into the land, and the land was gone, and the land was broken.
40:13 And when the man was thirsty, he went up to his head, and brought him to the ground, and he saw him, saying, "Surely this is the voice of the Lord."
41:13 And if he is a hundredfold, his face shall be lifted up, and his head shall be lifted up, and he shall raise up his bread, and he shall bring it forth.
42:13 And it came to pass, that it came to pass, that it was in the morning, that it came to them, that it came to them, but they were still, but they were still in trouble, but they were not in their midst;
43:13 And he saw it, and said to him, Behold, this is so, and it is the son of the son of the son, that he has come to his son, but he is still in his house, and he is in his coldness, and he is with him in his glory, and as he sees it, he is thirsty, and he is angry with his anger.
44: 13 The man of the people of the tribe of Zu'a, they are not innocent, but they are not, they are not, but they are not in the first place;
45: 13 And the remnant of the tribe of Asher, who was with him, came to him, and went to his house, and became his wife, and he went to his own house, and he went to the house of the tribe of Israel, and he came to them.
46:13 All things shall come to pass, that it shall come to pass, that it shall come to pass, but it shall not be put to death, but it shall be taken into account, and it shall be given to the people of the land.
47:13 And the father of Gad said, Because, behold, there was a plague in the land, and the people of Tire came to him in the midst of the sea.
48: 13 א֤שּ֤בֽשֽש֙ת֙י֙ת֣ת֣ה֣ה֣הְבעע֔ב֔ב:ב:ה לפבִּשתת֖מ֖ה וַלצצ֑מ֣ר֣ם ​​א֣מ֣ר֣ו בה א֔ב֔ר֖ו֖ה א֖מ֖ל-ממ-מל֥מ֥ל֥תֽתֽעֽע:ו:ה עֽוֽורר:ו בו בה בכללל֥מ֥ל֥עֶתֽעֽע:ר:ה ו֙ל֥מרו:רֽו:ה ו ומֽורו בר:ו בה ו ומֽורו בר:ו בה וְלצמֽו בר:ה וְלצמֽו בר:ו בה וְמֽורר:ו בה ו ומֽורר:ו בה ו ומֽורר:ו בה ו ולצֽעֽו בר:ה וְמֽורו בר:ה וְלצמֽו בר:ה וְמֽורר:ו בה וְמֽורר:ו בה וְלצמֽו בר:ו בה וְלצמֽו בר
49: 13 And behold, it came to pass, that the LORD had given birth to him, that he had given birth to him, that he had given birth to him, and that he had given birth to him, and that he had taken away his wealth.
50:13 And he saw that he had beaten the people, and he turned away, and turned away the fire, and he turned away from them, so that the people returned to the sea.
51: 13 Ra֨h At-hn֜ga Bi֣om Hsbia֗i Cֽi-fs֤h Hn֙ga֙ B֠bgd Aֽo-bst֤i Aֽo-ba֙rb֙ A֣o Ba֔or Lc֛l Asr-ias֥h Ha֖or Lmlac֑h Tzr֧at Mma֛rt Hn֖ga Tm֥a Hֽoa:
52: 13 Sr֨f At-hb֜gd A֥o Aֽt-hst֣i | A֣o At-ha֗rb Btz֙mr֙ A֣o Bfst֔im A֚o At-cl-cl֣i Ha֔or Asr-ihi֥h B֖o Hn֑ga Cֽi-tzr֤at Mma֙rt֙ H֔oa Ba֖s Tsrֽf:
53:13 And if he sees it, it is the priest, and this is a sign that he is not afraid: for he hath touched the son of Haggadah, but his wife, when he is with him, is still in his house, and he is with him all over all things.
54: 13 And he commanded the men of this land, and the people of the tribe of Abbaath came to him, and when he was with him, he came to him, and he turned aside his shields, and he gave them seven hundred shekels.
55: 13 Ra֨h Hch֜n Ahr֣i | Hcb֣s At-hn֗ga and ֠hnh Lֽa-hf֨c Hn֤ga At-aino֙ and Hn֣ga Lֽa-fs֔h Tm֣a H֔oa Ba֖s Tsrf֑no Fh֣tt H֔oa Bkrht֖o A֥o Bgbhtֽo:
56: 13 And if he saw it, he saw it, and behold, it was not so long, but it came to pass, after that, he was ashamed, and he put away his anger, and caused him to swallow up his anger: and he went out of his way, and went away from him, saying, "Behold, I will bring him out of the house of the LORD."
57: 13 And if he saw it, he would be ashamed of the garment, but of his own flesh, and of his eyes, and of him, and of him, and of all things, and of all things, of all things, and of the seed of the seed, which is in the flesh, and of the seed of the seed, which is the seed of which he hath given food.
58: 13 And the father said unto him, O son of the LORD, I will not give thee all things; all the things shall be done, and I will be full of them, and I will not be ashamed of them: neither shall I be ashamed of them, nor shall I be ashamed of them.
59: 13 And I will bring forth the Torah, and I will come to the gate of the gate, and I will come to the gate of the gate, even though I have not seen it, and I have seen it, and I have not seen it, yet I have not seen it, nor have I ever seen it before.
‪xxxx  Chapter 14   (57 verses)‬
1: 14 And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying unto Moses, Behold, I am saying:
2: 14 And Moses said unto him, Behold, thou shalt make the trumpet of the trumpet: for it is his bread, and he hath given it to them.
3:14 And he went out to the king, so he went to the house of the king, and he saw it, and he saw it, and he saw it, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came to pass away from the side of the fort.
4: 14 And the commandment was so great, and it came to pass, that it was not long, and that there were seven men, and they besieged themselves: they were alive, and they were utterly destroyed, and the land was broken, and they were burned, and they went out, and went away.
5:14 And the commandment was so great, and he brought the trumpet to the ground, and sent it to all the people of the land of the land, even unto the living of them.
6: 14 At-htzf֤r Hֽhih֙ Ik֣h At֔h and At-a֥tz Ha֛rz and At-sn֥i Htol֖at and At-haz֑b and Tb֨l Aot֜m and A֣t | Htzf֣r Hֽhi֗h Bdm֙ Htzf֣r Hsht֔h A֖l Hm֥im Hֽhiֽim:
7: 14 And he took it away, and he went down from the midst of the flock, saying, "The people of the tribe of Israel have come to the land of Israel, and they have given up their land, and they have taken away the flock, and the people of Judah live on it."
8: 14 and Cbs֩ Hmth֨r At-bgd֜io and Gl֣h At-cl-sar֗o and Rh֤tz Bm֙im֙ and Th֔r and Ah֖r Ib֣oa Al-hֽmhn֑h and Is֛b Mh֥otz Lahl֖o Sba֥t Imֽim:
9: 14 and Hih֩ Bi֨om Hsbia֜i Igl֣h At-cl-sar֗o At-ras֤o and At-zkno֙ and At֙ Gb֣t Ain֔io and At-cl-sar֖o Igl֑h and Cb֣s At-bgd֗io and Rh֧tz At-bsr֛o Bm֖im and Thֽr:
10: 14 Bi֣om Hsmin֗i Ik֤h Snֽi-cbsim֙ Tmim֔im and Cbs֥h Ah֛t Bt-snt֖h Tmim֑h and Sls֣h Asrn֗im S֤lt Mnhh֙ Blol֣h Bs֔mn and L֥g Ah֖d Sֽmn:
11: 14 And the people of this land, that is, the people of the tribe of the tribe of Mihtah, and the people of the land, and they, therefore, turned before me: the LORD, the LORD, the Father, the Father, the Son of the Lord.
12: 14 And he took up his hand, and brought it to the fire, and brought it to the fire, and brought it to the fire of the fire, and they gave it to them, and they gave it to them, and they gave it to the LORD.
13: 14 And he put down the tabernacle in the place of the fire, and he took away the heat of the fire, and put it on the ground, and in the mouth of the thorn, and in the thorn, so that the sin of the fire was gone, but they were not, but they were not, but they were not, and they were not.
14: 14 And the men of the priests, the men of the tribe of Israel, were guilty of this, and this was the last of them, because they were against you, and the men of the tribe of Israel were on the right side, and on the house of the children of Israel, the children of the Yemenites, and against the people of the land.
15: 14 And this is the way of the Lord, that is, the one who is in the midst of the earth, and the one who is thirsty for the sake of the people, that is, the one who is in heaven.
16: 14 And the king gave him strength, and gave him strength, and he gave him strength, because of the fat man, which was on his hands, and on his right hand, and on her right hand, because of the fatness in his seed, because he was afraid of them, and they turned to him, and the LORD was not with her.
17: 14 Mi֨tr Hs֜mn As֣r Al-cf֗o It֤n Hchn֙ Al-tn֞oc A֤zn Hmthr֙ Himn֔it and Al-b֤hn Ido֙ Himn֔it and Al-b֥hn Rgl֖o Himn֑it A֖l D֥m Hasֽm:
18:14 And the sons of the sons of Asher, the men of the tribe of Asher, went up to the house of the king, so that they went down to the house of the captain of the tribe of Hathta, and he bent down, and bent over it, and they were so eager to give them up to the LORD.
19: 14 And he did that which he had prepared for the foolishness, and he gave it to him, and he went down with his rod, and he went down with his shield, and he brought it to the ground, and he put down the rod of the burnt offering.
20: 14 And he brought up the rod, and brought it to the ground, and brought it to the ground, and brought it to the ground.
21: 14 Am-d֣l H֗oa and A֣in Ido֮ Msgt֒ and ֠lkh C֣bs Ah֥d As֛m Ltnof֖h Lcf֣r Al֑io and Asr֨on S֜lt Ah֨d Bl֥ol Bs֛mn Lmnh֖h and L֥g Sֽmn:
22:14 And they shall drink, but they shall not be given to him, but he shall be two sons, even if he is not a son, but he is a man of his own, and he is his son, and he is his brother, and he is his brother, and he is his brother.
23: 14 And thou shalt bring them unto them: for they are not the children of the Levites, but they are not in the house of the LORD, nor are they in the midst of them, but unto them, and unto them, even unto the house of the LORD.
24: 14 And it came to pass, that thou shalt give up the flesh of the fire, and the loaves of bread, the oil, and the wine, and ye shall give them bread, and they shall give it to them, and they shall give it to the LORD.
25: 14 Sht֮ At-c֣bs Hֽasm֒ and Lk֤h Hchn֙ Md֣m Hֽas֔m and Nt֛n Al-tn֥oc Aֽzn-hmth֖r Himn֑it and Al-b֤hn Ido֙ Himn֔it and Al-b֥hn Rgl֖o Himnֽit:
26:14 And the man of the tribe of Haman brought this to the king, because of the multitude of these things that were in heaven.
27: 14 And he hath taken it, that is, it is in the spring, and it is his right hand: for it is not from the man of the seed, but as he is going down on his right hand, he hath turned away from him, and he hath turned away from them.
28: 14 Nt֨n Hch֜n Mn-hs֣mn | As֣r Al-cf֗o Al-tn֞oc A֤zn Hmthr֙ Himn֔it and Al-b֤hn Ido֙ Himn֔it and Al-b֥hn Rgl֖o Himn֑it Al-mk֖om D֥m Hasֽm:
29: 14 And the sons of the men of the tribe of Haman were destroyed, so that the people of Israel went up against them, so that they might be put to death by the sword of the LORD, who had turned over to the king, and he bent over him, and turned him to the LORD.
30: 14 And he did the same thing to the people of the Torah, saying, "Behold, the son of the son is not the son of the woman, because of the woman who has raised up his hand."
Num 31:14 The woman who has raised up the hand of the hand of the other, hath sinned against him, and the other man, that he hath transgressed over the manna, and this is the cup, and these are the vessels of the rod, which hath turned away before the LORD.
32: 14 And I saw the Torah, which, when it came to pass, came unto Zion, that was as it was, that it was not.
33: 14 And the LORD spoke unto her, unto Moses, and unto Aaron, to be faithful:
34: 14 When they came to me, they came to me, and went to the land of Canaan, so that I could not enter into the land of the land, and I gave it to them: and when the land came to pass, I came to you in the midst of the land of Ahazatham.
35: 14 And it came to pass, that the woman had given birth to him, and that he had given birth to him, and that he had given birth to her, that she might not be afraid, but when he saw her, he saw her, because he was not in her house.
36: 14 Tzo֨h Hch֜n and Fn֣o At-hb֗it Bt֨rm Ib֤a Hchn֙ Lra֣ot At-hn֔ga and L֥a Itm֖a Cl-as֣r Bb֑it and A֥hr C֛n Ib֥a Hch֖n Lra֥ot At-hbֽit:
37:14 And when he saw the man, he came, and came to him, he came to him in the midst of the grave, and he came to him, saying, Thou shalt not raise the horns: but he hath emptied him, and his eyes are red, and he hath seen them, and he hath not taken away from the fire.
38: 14 And he gave it to the women, because of the commandment of the father, and to the light of the house, and to shut off the brightness of the house, which was seven days long.
39: 14 And it came to pass, that this was the day of the sixth day, and behold it, and behold it, it was spread, and it came to pass, and it came to pass in the wall of the city.
40: 14 And the commandment of the priests, and the commandment of the sons of the children, was fulfilled, and they were not ashamed, and behold, the people came to them, and they came to them, and they brought them to the house of the king, so that they could not see what they were doing.
41:14 And the father of the children of the tribe of Jabotinsky, the grandfather of the captives, and the sword of the captivity, the woman of the tribe of Mizrah.
42: 14 And they took away the children of the LORD, and after them came to him, and brought him to the house of the sons of the children, and before he saw the fire, he took it, and brought it to the house of the LORD.
43:14 And if the son of the king was there, he would come to the house of the king, and the son of the son of the king would go down, and he would cut off the sons of the children, and afterward they would cut off the children's bread, and afterward they would be hot.
44: 14 And behold, behold, the thorn is a thorn, and behold, it is, and behold, it is the bread of the rod, that it hath touched the son of the son of the king, and it is the plague of the flock, because of what is the seed of the grain, that it is in the house of the dead;
45: 14 And thou shalt bring his sons to the ground, and his bones, and all the men of the flock, and bring them out, and go out into the sea, and go out to them, and shine unto them, and they shall not go down.
46: 14 And when the father came to the house, all the men, he shut up his fire, and he put his hand on it, and hid it before the fire.
47: 14 And the firstborn shall be ashamed of his children, and he shall be ashamed of his children, and he shall be ashamed of his daughter, and he shall put his hands on his clothes.
48: 14 Am-b֨a Ib֜a Hch֗n and Rah֙ and ֠hnh La-fs֤h Hn֙ga֙ Bb֔it Ahr֖i Ht֣h At-hb֑it and Th֤r Hchn֙ At-hb֔it C֥i Nrf֖a Hnֽga: [v]
49: 14 And it came to pass, that they had sinned, that they were not satisfied, that they were thirsty, and that they had taken away the food, and they had been put to death.
50: 14 And he brought the trumpet, the other one, unto all the people of the land, and they were alive.
51: 14 Lk֣h At-aֽtz-h֠arz and At-h֨az֜b and A֣t | Sn֣i Htol֗at and At֮ Htzf֣r Hֽhih֒ and Tb֣l At֗m Bdm֙ Htzf֣r Hshot֔h and Bm֖im Hֽhi֑im and Hz֥h Al-hb֖it S֥ba Famֽim:
52: 14 And he slaughtered the children in the midst of the flood, and in the midst of the living, and in the midst of the living, and in the midst of the sea, and in the midst of the sea, and in the midst of the thorns,
53: 14 And he took the captain, the captain of the host, and sent him to the house of the king, so that it was not clear to the face of the land, and that it was over the house of the father, and he went out of the house.
54: 14 And he gave the Torah to all of us, and came to the trumpet, and to the thief,
55: 14 And the son of the king came up to him, and the father was with him.
56: 14 And he took up his hand, and gave it to him, and he gave it to him.
57: 14 Behold, I am in the midst of the earth, and the earth is the earth, and the earth is the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth.
‪xxxx  Chapter 15   (33 verses)‬
1:15 And the LORD spoke to Moses, and to her, and to Aaron, and to Amor.
2: 15 And they spoke unto the children of Israel, saying, I pray thee, and I will say unto them, I am unto them: for there is no man, yet there is no man;
3:15 And behold, thou shalt give him bread, and he shall bring him forth in the way of his heart: but he shall see the flesh of his flock, and thou shalt bring him forth, and he shall be in his flesh, and he shall be full of his flesh;
4:15 All the tabernacle shall be as it is, that it shall dwell upon it; and it shall be full of all the things that are in it, and it shall be all the things that are on it.
5: 15 And the man of Esau, who was angry with him, lay down in his bed: he was ashamed of his clothes, and the spirit of his anger was in them, and they were put to death by the fire.
6: 15 And he that dwelleth in the midst of the calf shall be the one who hath turned away from him, that he shall be ashamed of his anger, and he shall be ashamed of his clothes, and the wind shall be in the heat, and he shall be put to death with his anger.
7: 15 And the man that is in the midst of the golden age shall be ashamed of his clothes, and the spirit of them shall be in the heat, and they shall be put to death by the fire.
8: 15 And the sons of Jeru֛z, the Z֖֖֖֖ ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ֑ ב֑֑֑֑ ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע֥ מ֥֥ ב ב ב ב ב ע ע ע ע֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥ ב ב֥֥ ב֥ ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ֖֥֥֥ ב ב ב ב ב ב ו ו
9: 15 And all the marshmallows, as he hath laid his head upon his feet;
10: 15 And all the naguerah, in all things, shall be given to him, and he shall be given to him, and he shall not be angry with them, neither shall he be angry with them, neither shall they be ashamed of them, neither shall they be ashamed of him, nor of their spirit, nor of their spirit, nor of them.
11: 15 And when he was angry, he was angry with him, and he turned away from him, and his hand was not turned away, and he was ashamed of his clothes, and the smell of them was in the heat, and they were put to death by the fire.
12: 15 And all the people of the land that were afflicted with it, shall be returned to the land, and they shall return to the land, and all their tents shall be filled with wine.
13: 15 And the sons of the tribe of Zebo, the son of Zebub, of the tribe of Sosaphar, of the tribe of Zephath, were seven hundred years old, and the people of Judah were in it, and the land was in the midst of them, and their spirit was in the flesh, and they were in their midst.
14: 15 And it was the day of the eighteenth day, that the people of Israel were six hundred years old, that they had been married, and that they had given birth to them, that they had not been married to them, and that they had given birth to the children of Israel.
15: 15 And he did them, and he did so, so that he had another sinner, and he and his brother, the sons of the tribe, and the people of the house, and the people of the land, all of them, to the face of the LORD.
16: 15 And when Ish-keith was thirsty, he came out of Me, because of the lying of the wickedness and of the wind, and of the heat of his flesh, and of the flesh of his heart.
17: 15 And all the children of Gad, and all the birds that were with him, went up to him, and lay down their sheep, and they were buried in the wilderness, and they were put to death by the fire.
18:15 And the wife of Esau rose up, and raised her up: because she was with her, she was lying, and she was lying in the midst of them, and they became unclean when they were angry.
19:15 And the woman was ashamed, because she was with him, because she was angry with her, because she was with her seven days, seven days, when she was with her, and with him all the children, and with him all the anger, and with her, she was put to death by the cross.
20:15 And all the men of the tribe of Israel were destroyed, and the people of the tribe of Israel went up against it, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and all the people that had been destroyed were put to death.
Num 21: 15 And all the nagua shall dwell in his bed, and he shall be ashamed with his clothes, and the wind shall be in the heat, and they shall be put to rest in their beds.
22: 15 And all the angler in all things, which he hath turned on his head, shall be covered with his clothes, and the wind shall be in the heat, and they shall be put to rest with the heat.
23: 15 And he was with them in the midst of the tabernacle, and he was with him, so that he might go down with all the things that were with him, and that he would return to him, and he would return to his anger, and he would be put to death.
24: 15 And when he was lying, he was ashamed, and his wife was his wife, and his wife was his wife, because he was with him, and he was thirsty, seven thousand, and all the food, and all the land that was upon him, that he had given up his inheritance.
25: 15 As֡h Cֽi-izob֩ Z֨ob Dm֜h Im֣im Rb֗im Bla֙ At-ndt֔h A֥o Cֽi-tz֖ob Al-ndt֑h Cl-im֞i Z֣ob Tmat֗h Cim֧i Ndt֛h Thi֖h Tma֥h Hֽoa:
26: 15 Cl-hmsc֞b Asr-tsc֤b Alio֙ Cl-im֣i Zob֔h Cmsc֥b Ndt֖h Iֽhih-l֑h and Cֽl-hcli֙ As֣r Ts֣b Al֔io Tm֣a Ihi֔h Ctma֖t Ndtֽh:
27: 15 And all the Noguites, in their midst, shall be put to shame, and shall be ashamed of their shame, and the spirit of the heat in the heat, and they shall be put to death by their wrath.
28: 15 And it came to pass, that the people of the tribe of Zephatham, and Sopheera, returned to Sheba, seven days away, and the other one went to Tahtar.
29: 15 And it came to pass, that it was a hundred years, and that it was a hundred years, and that it was six hundred years, that they had given birth to two sons, and that they had given it to them, and they brought them to the house of the king, so that they could not go down.
30: 15 And he made the priest, and he took the other brother, and he cut off the woman, and the other one, so that he might go down, and encircle it;
31:15 And the sons of Israel rejoice in them, and they are full of them, and they have not yet come, but they are not in their possession, but they have not taken away their possessions.
32: 15 And he brought forth the Torah, which was false, and he gave it to him, saying, Thou shalt not give it to him, because he is lying.
33: 15 And the LORD is in the land of the LORD, and the husband hath taken away his flock, and he hath given it to him, and he hath not returned to the land, nor to the tribe of Asad, nor to the land of Israel, nor to the land of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 16   (34 verses)‬
1: 16 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying, Behold, I am the son of Aaron; for they are two sons; yet they are sons; they are not in their midst, but they are before the eyes of the LORD, and they have died.
2: 16 I֨amr Iho֜h Al-ms֗h Dbr֮ Al-ahr֣n Ahic֒ and Al-ib֤a Bcl-at֙ Al-hk֔ds Mb֖it Lfr֑ct Al-fn֨i Hcf֜rt As֤r Al-harn֙ and L֣a Im֔ot C֚i Bֽan֔n Ara֖h Al-hcfֽrt:
And the children of Yavo, the son of Baqar, the son of Baqar, the son of Baqar;
4: 16 Ctֽnt-b֨d K֜ds Ilb֗s and Mֽcnsi-bd֮ Ihi֣o Al-bsro֒ and Babn֥t Bd֙ Ihg֔r and Bmtzn֥ft B֖d Itzn֑f Bgdi-k֣ds H֔m and Rh֥tz Bm֛im At-bsr֖o and Lbsֽm:
5: 16 And what is the time of the congregation of the children of Israel, that is, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel?
6: 16 And Aharib brought the harlot with him, which he had given to him, and went down to the house of his father, and to the house of his children.
7: 16 And they took the two of them, the young men of the children, and raised them up, so that they might come before me: the LORD, the LORD, the Father, the Father, the Son of the Lord.
8:16 And they were two hundred years old, because they were young, but they were great, and many of them were mighty, and the LORD was with them, and the LORD was with them;
9: 16 And Aharib, Aaron, brought out the lamp, which was light, and he lifted up his eyes, and lifted up his gall, and made him go up to him, and he did it.
10: 16 And the hour which is the light of the earth, which is high, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, and the mighty.
11: 16 And Aharib, Aaron, brought him down, and he gave him the burnt offering, and he went to the house of the king, and he went to the house of the king, and he returned to his house, and went to his house, and brought him to the house of the king, and hid him.
12: 16 And he took away the bread, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him.
13:16 And the children of the young men were brought before the children, to the face of the LORD, the LORD, and the throne of the LORD, and the people of the house, and the house of the captain, the captain of the flock, and the people,
14: 16 And he took the commandment of the Lord, and the people of the tribe, and the people of the tribe, and the people of the tribe of Kohath, and the face of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, because of the LORD, they were in the midst of their captivity.
15: 16 Sh֞t At-sa֤ir Hֽhtat֙ As֣r La֔m and Hbia֙ At-dm֔o Al-mb֖it Lfr֑ct and As֣h At-dm֗o Cas֤r Ash֙ Ld֣m Hf֔r and Hz֥h At֛o Al-hcf֖rt and Lfn֥i Hcfֽrt:
16:16 And the people of the tribe of Kohath, the children of Israel, went up to them, and made their judgments, to all their sins, and so they did to them, saying to them, 'Do not go to the house of the people, because you are the daughter of them, and you shall not be ashamed of them.'
17: 16 And all of them were not, behold, he came to him; and in that time he came to the house of the king, and he came to the house of the king, and he did not go down until he came to his house, and went out to his house, and to his house, and to his house, and to all the children of Israel, and to Israel.
18:16 And he went up to the altar of the fire, and turned to him, and he bent down on him, and covered it with their hands, and they took away the water from them, and the fire was gone, and they were lying on top of the trees of the field, which brought forth the waters of the captivity.
19: 16 And he gave him up his strength from the hand of the LORD, in the spring of his own strength, which was in the midst of his anger, and he was cleansed of his anger, and his sanctity was greatly diminished: for the children of Israel were saved.
20: 16 And all the men covered the horns of the corn, and the hand of the goats, and brought them out, and brought them forth, and brought out the fire, and the fire was hot.
21: 16 Sm֨c Ahr֜n At-st֣i * arm ** Id֗io A֨l R֣as Hsair֮ Hhi֒ and Htod֣h Al֗io At-cl-aoֺnt֙ Bn֣i Isra֔l and At-cl-fsaih֖m Lcl-htat֑m and Nt֤n Atm֙ Al-r֣as Hsa֔ir and Sl֛h Bid-a֥is At֖i Hmdbֽrh:
22: 16 And the men of the six men, who were over them, brought all the people of the land together, and they went to the land of Gezarah, and took away the land, and the fire was in the wilderness.
23:16 And behold, Aaron, behold, unto Elohim, that he did not go out, and went out, and brought him to the house of Gad, and he returned to him, that was as he remembered, and he came to him, and came to him, and came to the threshing-floor, and brought them down;
24: 16 And he smote the flesh of his flesh in the midst of the earth, and in the midst of his wickedness, he was ashamed of himself, and he took away his clothes, and made him flee, and did his strength, and he overcame him, and overcame him in the midst of his wickedness, and in the midst of his anger.
25: 16 And the heat of the heat, and the heat of the heat, is the yoke of the heat, which causes the heat to melt.
26: 16 And he that hath taken away the young man, he hath taken away his strength, and he hath made him captive in his glory, and hath smitten him with his flesh, and in his own flesh, and after these things, he hath returned unto him,
27: 16 At֩ F֨r Hֽht֜at and A֣t | Sa֣ir Hֽht֗at As֨r Hob֤a At-dmm֙ Lcf֣r Bk֔ds Iotz֖ia Al-mh֣otz Lֽmhn֑h and Srf֣o Ba֔s At-art֥m and At-bsr֖m and At-frsֽm:
28: 16 And the shepherd shall bring them to death: he shall be ashamed of his clothes, and his spirit, and the flesh of his flesh, and the flesh of them, and of them, and he shall bring them forth.
29: 16 Hit֥h Lc֖m Lhk֣t Aol֑m Bh֣ds H֠sbiai Bֽas֨or Lh֜ds Tan֣o At-nfsֽtic֗m and Cl-mlach֙ L֣a Tas֔o Hֽazr֔h and Hg֖r Hg֥r Btoccֽm:
30: 16 When the sons of the children of Israel came down to the house, they turned their backs on them, so that they would not be afraid of you, because all the sinners were with you, and they were not before you.
31: 16 The Sabbath is the day of the Sabbath, and it is the day of the Lord, and it is the day of their death, and the punishment of them is the death of their wives.
32: 16 And this is the cup of thine hand, which he hath given to him, and his wife, and his wife, and he hath given up his hand to him, so that he may be ashamed of his father's father, and that he may bring the children of the house, and bring them to the house of the LORD.
33:16 And He made the people of Mekadash go down, and destroyed the land, and the people of Mezad, and the Mizpah, the Jezreelites, and Zechariah, and all the Canaanites, and all the people of the Kohath, the Jezreelites.
34: 16 And behold, it was a sign of the law of the children of Israel, that the people of Israel were to go down on the house of the children of Israel, because it was all the sin of the people of Israel, and the people of Israel were there, and the commandment thereof was made as the LORD commanded.
‪xxxx  Chapter 17   (16 verses)‬
1: 17 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying unto her, Behold, I am not afraid.
2: 17 And the son of Aaron, the son of Aaron, and all his sons, and all the sons of Israel, rose up, and said unto her, I will go unto them, and this is the commandment, which is the commandment, which is commanded by the LORD, O LORD, to be faithful.
3:17 Where is the man of the people of Israel, that is, of the tribe of Israel, that the wife of Asher, the son of Asher, returned to the land of Israel, that he returned to the land of Israel, and that the land of Israel was destroyed, and that the land of Israel was destroyed, and that the land of Israel was not destroyed.
4: 17 Al-f֜th A֣hl Moad֮ L֣a Hbiao֒ Lhkr֤ib Krbn֙ Lֽiho֔h Lfn֖i Msc֣n Iho֑h D֣m Ihs֞b La֤is Hhoa֙ D֣m Sf֔c and Ncr֛t Ha֥is Hh֖oa Mk֥rb Amֽo:
5: 17 Lman֩ As֨r Ib֜iao Bn֣i Isra֗l Aֽt-zbhihm֮ As֣r H֣m Zbhim֮ Al-fn֣i Hsdh֒ and ֽhbia֣m Lֽiho֗h Al-f֛th A֥hl Moa֖d Al-hch֑n and Z֨bh֜o Zbh֧i Slm֛im Lֽiho֖h Aotֽm:
6:17 And Zerach, the king, brought the blood to the ground, and brought it to the house of Yahweh, and he gave it to him, and he gave him no help, and the little one went to the house, and he returned to Jericho, and he returned to Yahweh.
7:17 And they did not commit adultery, but they went back to their captives, but they were not married, but they were still alive, and after them, they were not numbered, but they were transgressed, but they were not numbered, and they were not numbered, but they were numbered according to their law.
8: 17 And unto them shall ye be numbered, but there shall be no man of men, but the son of Israel shall be born, and the multitude of the gallows, which shall be born in the midst of them, that is, that which is high;
9: 17 And unto Poseidah, they said unto him, Why are they not brought to us, that they may do unto him, but to him, to him, and to him, and to the son of the king, and to the people of his people?
10: 17 A֨is A֜is Mb֣it Isra֗l and Mn-hgr֙ Hg֣r Btoc֔m As֥r Iac֖l Cl-d֑m and Ntt֣i Fn֗i Bn֙fs֙ Hac֣lt At-hd֔m and Hcrt֥i At֖h Mk֥rb Amֽh:
11: 17 When the soul of the flesh is gone, it is in their flesh; it is a sign, and I will give it to you, that is, to the fountain, and to the furnace, and to the light of their nostrils, because the heat of their hands is gone, but it is not the son of fear;
12: 17 Therefore, if thou hast given me the inheritance, the children of Israel shall be full of all their wickedness: for they shall not be consumed, but they shall not be consumed; and the Hagar shall be glorified in their midst, and they shall not be consumed.
13:17 And when the man was there, there was a son of Israel, and the people of Israel were in the midst of the burning of the Haggard, in the midst of them, but as a young man, there was a mighty lion, a man of valor, a man of valor, a man of valor, a man of valor, a man of iron, and a sword of his blood, and his throne, and of him the son of Ephraim.
14: 17 When all the souls of his soul are in his nostrils, he is still in his sleep, and he is gone, and he is saying to him, "Behold, the children of Israel shall be destroyed, because they shall not be consumed; for they shall not be consumed; for all the flesh of the flesh shall be filled with blood, and all their food shall be consumed."
15:17 17 And all the fear of the wicked, which is consumed, is a vengeance, and it is a reproach, and it is in the flesh, and it is full of flesh, and it is full of its flesh, and the spirit of it is in the heat, and it is hot with heat, and it is hot with heat.
16: 17 And if he was not ashamed, he would be ashamed, and his flesh would not be filled with fire, and he would not be angry with him.
‪xxxx  Chapter 18   (30 verses)‬
1: 18 And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying, "I will not go to the house of Amor."
And he said unto them, Behold, I am with thee, O Jehovah, O God,
3: 18 Cmas֧h Aֽrtz-mtzr֛im As֥r Isbtm-b֖h L֣a Tas֑o and Cmas֣h Aֽrtz-cn֡an As֣r Ani֩ Mb֨ia Atc֥m S֙mh֙ L֣a Tas֔o and Bhktih֖m L֥a Tlֽco:
4:18 You judge, do not do it, and keep your statutes. Keep your guardians, because you will not see them, but I am with you. The LORD is the LORD your God.
5:18 And I will keep the law of the law and the court of judgment, and I will judge the people of Israel, and I will give them justice, because they will be destroyed, and they will be destroyed. Behold, I am with them.
6: 18 And when the man of the man was gone, he went out to all his flesh, so that he could not come close to him, that he might turn away from the mountains of Arau, but I am not with you, O LORD,
7: 18 The city of your father is your father, and the land of your mother is not, nor is it your land. Your mother is the LORD. He is the one who will not be exalted. See also Arautah.
8: 18 The city of Abyssinia, your father's wife, is not yours; thou shalt not reveal the city of Arau, but the father of thy father is the LORD.
9: 18 The city of Aron, your brother, is your father, your father, your father, and your father, your mother, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your mother, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father and your wife.
10: 18 And the daughter of thy daughter, I have given birth to him, and in thy daughter-in-law, she hath not turned away, and she hath turned away from the city of Arautah. 17 For I have gone into thy land;
11: 18 The city of Arba, the daughter of Abraham, the wife of your father, is your father, your father, your father, your father, your brother, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father;
12: 18 The city of your father's brotherhood is not yours; thou shalt not reveal it; for it is not your father, but thy father, thy God.
13: 18 The city of your brother, your mother's wives, is not a man; you shall be exalted, because your name is not your mother's.
14: 18 The city of Aron, your brother, your father, your father, do not be angry with him. Do not let him go to his wife.
15: 18 The city of Aron is your inheritance; it is not the land of your children; it is the woman of your children; for it is not the land of the people; it is the land of the land.
16: 18 The city of your wife, your brother-in-law, is not the one who will turn away from you, because you are your enemy.
17: 18 The city of Aron, the wife of Abraham, and the daughter of the daughter of the daughter of her son, and the daughter of the daughter of her daughter, did not take her into exile, because of the nakedness of her nakedness, because she gave birth to her;
18:18 And Esau, unto her brother, came to him, and she was not able to come to Zion, to reveal the cities of Arautah, for she was above her in her life.
19:18 And unto Esau, behold, in the midst of the land of Tammathah, behold, it came not to pass, but it came to pass, and revealed the cities of Arautah.
20:18 And unto the wife of thy servant, are thy servants not, that thou shalt not lie, that thou shalt lie down unto me, that thou mayest be unclean?
Num 21:18 And it is not your fault, but it is not for them to turn to light, but for your own sake, do not be afraid of them, because your God is your God.
22: 18 And it came to pass, that thou shalt not dwell in the depths of the house; but the wife of the wife of Thoubeh, behold, it is her.
23: 18 And in all things, thou shalt not lie: thou shalt lie down, that thou shalt not be tempted, and behold, it shall not come to pass, that it shall be turned away before me in the midst of it, that it may be satisfied.
24: 18 Do not you think that you are in the midst of all of you, because in all things you will not be tempted, but I will not be afraid of them, because I will not be ashamed of you.
25: 18 18 And you shall not be angry with the earth, but the people of the land shall rise up against it, and you shall be satisfied, and the land shall be returned to its inhabitants.
26: 18 And you shall keep your lawfulness and justice, and you shall not do it, because it is full of loathing, but it is the same thing, and the gallows of gold are in their midst.
27: 18 When thou hast put up all the lust, he hath done it: but I will not give it to the people of the land, but I will give it to them before you, and it shall be filled with it.
28: 18 And he said unto him, Thou shalt not give up; thou shalt not see them; but thou shalt not give up thy hand; but thou shalt not lift up the fire, as it is that he hath cut off the Haggoth;
29: 18 When all things were done, he did that which he hated, and he hated him, and he gave him up, and his soul gave up his soul, and the souls of the people did not come down with them.
30: 18 And you shall keep your guardianship, and you shall not be ashamed; ye shall not be made to die, but the people of the people shall be punished, and the people of the land shall not go down against you, nor shall they come to you, but they shall not enter into them. And they shall not enter into them, but I will not be with you, O LORD, O God, O God;
‪xxxx  Chapter 19   (37 verses)‬
1: 19 And Yahweh, the Lord, spoke unto Moses, saying, Amen. [1]
And the children of Israel said unto him, And say unto them, Behold, they are holy: yea, ye shall not be ashamed: for I am holy, and I fear, I am with thee, O LORD, O God,
3:19 Behold, the man of his mother, his father, and his father, shall not be afraid; yea, and their captivity, shall ye not be filled with water, but I am with you, the LORD your God.
4:19 Do not turn to God, for God is the LORD, and have mercy on him, and I will not be with you, and I will not be with you.
5:19 And they sacrificed themselves, and they returned to the house, and they returned to the LORD, and they returned to the land of Zion, and they were not sacrificed.
6: 19 Behold, I will bring them forth, and they will not be consumed, and I will be with them tomorrow, and I will be victorious over them, even though they will not be destroyed.
7:19 And when the food was consumed, the three men came to him, saying, "Behold, I will not see her, but I will not see her."
8: 19 And his countenance came to him, and he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go, but thou shalt be afraid of the LORD, and he shall be ashamed of him: and thou shalt confess to him that this is his desire, that he may not be with her.
9: 19 And in the heart of the earth, thou shalt bring forth the light of the earth, and the earth shall not be consumed; for it is the mouth of thy hand, that is, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
10: 19 And your vineyard shall not be filled with water, but your vineyard shall not be filled with water; it shall not be filled with wine; and it shall come to pass, but you shall not return to them, but I am with you, O Jehovah, O God, O God!
11: 19 Behold, Thou shalt not rejoice; and thou shalt not deny it: and thou shalt not be ashamed of him: but there is no man in the nation of his people.
12: 19 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt be in the heat of the earth; for the cold is cold, and thou shalt bring down thy sword, O God thy God, I am with thee, O LORD, O LORD.
13: 19 Lo, thou shalt not lift up thy wrath, nor thou shalt be angry with him; but thou shalt not go astray;
14:19 Behold, thou shalt not be afraid, and fear, and loath, loath, loath, thou shalt not give up, and plow, and thou shalt be afraid of thy God: for we are not with thee, O LORD,
15: 19 Do not do it, but it is not in the hands of the judge, neither shall you be afraid of me, nor shall I be afraid of you, nor shall I be afraid of you; but I will not be afraid of you, nor shall I be afraid of you.
16: 19 Thou shalt not be blessed, but with thy people, thou shalt not stand up against them: for they are your wickedness, but I am with thee, O LORD, O LORD!
17: 19 Lo, thou shalt not bring thy brother, thy heart, and thy neighbor, thou shalt be wise: thou shalt take thy people away, and thou shalt not go up;
18: 19 Lo, thou shalt not raise them, and thou shalt not be cleansed, but thou shalt bring up the children of thy people: and thou shalt not love thy neighbor, but as thy counsel, I will be with thee, O LORD, O LORD.
19:19 And thou shalt keep thy law, and thou shalt keep it in thy kingdom, even though thou hast not multiplied, for it is not in thy land, nor thy land, nor for thy wickedness, nor for all things, but for all things, that is, for the sabbath of the children, for it is not for the children of Israel.
20: 19 ֠ais Cֽi-isc֨b At-as֜h Scbt-z֗ra and H֤oa Sfhh֙ Nhr֣ft La֔is and Hfdh֙ L֣a Nfd֔th A֥o Hfs֖h L֣a Ntn-l֑h Bk֧rt Thi֛h L֥a Iomt֖o Ci-l֥a Hfֽsh:
21: 19 And Abiathah his enemy, he brought him up, and said unto him, Behold, I pray thee, I will not go down;
22: 19 And the unbelievers have overcome him, so that they are in the midst of the fire of the Lord, so that they may face me, the LORD, the LORD, the son of Hathath, the son of Hatham, the son of Hattah, and Nisel, the son of Hatham, of Hathath, of the tribe of Asheth, of Hitta,
23: 19 And when they were thirsty for the land, and all the food was full of them, and the children of Israel were angry with them, they turned away from him, and put him to death, and they brought him to the land of Israel, so that they might be consumed.
24: 19 And the fourth year was the fourth day, when all the generations of the people of Israel were with him, they returned to the LORD, and they returned to the LORD.
25: 19 And when the fifth day came, they were consumed, and I put up the fruit of it, and gave it to them, and gave it to them, and they gave it to them, and I said to them, I am with you, the LORD your God.
26: 19 Lo! Thou shalt not be consumed; for they are not in their hands, neither shall they snare with him, neither shall ye be angry with us.
27: 19 Behold, thou shalt not give up thy mouth; but thou shalt not bow down;
28: 19 And he that hath been given to us is not in the midst of their sorrows, but they have given us strength in their flesh, and they have given birth to them, and they have given them to the LORD.
29: 19 Do not let your daughter's daughter enter into adultery with her, and she will not be thirsty, for she is the land, and she is full of her;
30: 19 Thou shalt not be filled with water, and be holy: be ye, and fear, O us, O Jehovah!
31:19 Do not you turn to the fathers, and to the children, do not ask for them, for they are thirsty, because they are in their hands, but the LORD is the LORD your God.
32: 19 From the face of the sea, there is a sea, and there is a sea, and there is a sea, and there is a sea, and there is no water, and there is no water, and no one is afraid of your God.
33:19 And the children of Jahrot saw you, they were in the midst of their land, but they did not count his things.
34: 19 And as for you, behold, I am the king of them, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the God of the LORD, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the Universe.
35: 19 Do not do it in the hand of the oppressor, because it is in the breast, and in the hair of its hair.
36: 19 Lo, the children of Tzedek, the children of Tzedek, the children of Tzedek, and the children of Zechariah, the LORD of Israel, have given them to them, but I am with you, O Jehovah, O God, O God, be with them, and I will give them to you, and I will give them to you from the land of Egypt.
37: 19 And you shall keep all the laws of the law, and all the judgments of the people, and do them, but ye are not, I am with you, O LORD,
‪xxxx  Chapter 20   (27 verses)‬
1:20 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying unto her, Be faithful;
2: 20 Al-bn֣i Isra֘l [1] Tamr֒ A֣is Ais֩ Mbn֨i Isra֜l and Mn-hg֣r | Hg֣r Bisra֗l As֨r It֧n Mzra֛o Lm֖lc M֣ot Iom֑t A֥m Ha֖rtz Irgm֥ho Baֽbn:
3: 20 An֞i At֤n At-fni֙ Ba֣is Hh֔oa and Hcrt֥i At֖o Mk֣rb Am֑o C֤i Mzrao֙ Nt֣n Lm֔lc Lm֗an Tma֙ At-mkds֔i and Lhl֖l At-s֥m Kdsֽi:
4:20 And when the children of Israel rose up against them, they went to the ground, and they brought them out of their midst, because of the men of the fifth century, because they were not with him, because they were thirsty for him, because they were not able to swallow you.
5: 20 And I put up the man, and brought him to the house, and the people of his family, and his wife, and his wife, and his wife, and all his children, and all his children, and all the people of the land;
6: 20 And the fear is that when thou shalt go down unto the children of the children, they shall go after them, and they shall give it to me: and I will give it to me, and it shall be given to this son, that is, and it shall be known to him, and I will bring him forth with his people.
7: 20 And you shall sanctify them, and you shall be sanctified: for I am not with you, O LORD, but God is your God.
8: 20 And you shall keep the statute of law, yea, and do ye, but thou art, but I am not, O LORD, but of thy sanctuary;
9: 20 And when the man was there, he was a man, a man, that he could not take away his father, and his mother, and his mother, and his mother, his father, and his mother, and cursed him, and his children were in him.
10: 20 And the man, Asheth, was jealous; and the wife of Eshet, the wife of Esau, was jealous of her, because she hated the wife of his wife, because he was afraid of them, because he was jealous of them, and of the women of the flock.
11: 20 And the man, Asheth, rose up, and lay down, the wife of his father, his father, and his wife, because of his father, and his father, his wife, and her children; and their wives, and their wives;
12: 20 And the man of the tribe of Asherah rose up, and took away the vessels of his house; and he came to them, saying, "Come, I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will return to you."
13:20 And the man of the tribe of Asherah remembered the memory of the people of Shechem, and the wife of the wife of Thoubaab, having done it two years, and they were still alive, and their blood was still in their hands.
14: 20 And the man of Asherah slew Isaac, his wife, and his mother, when she was with him, he was with him, and he brought him out, and he and his wife, and they did not come to her, and they did not come to her in their midst.
15: 20 And the man of Asher, who was lying down, lay down his eyes in the midst of the earth, and he gave him the bread, and the bread, and the bread, and the bread.
16: 20 And the woman, as she was born, went up to the house of all the people, and rebuked him, and brought him down, and killed him, and took away the woman, and her father, and her mother, and her mother, and her daughters,
17: 20 A֣is Asr-ik֣h At-aht֡o Bt-ab֣io A֣o Bt-a֠mo and Ra֨h At-arot֜h and Hֽia-tra֤h At-aroto֙ H֣sd H֔oa and N֨crt֔o Lain֖i Bn֣i Am֑m Aro֧t Aht֛o Gl֖h Aoֺn֥o Isֽa:
18: 20 ֠ais Asr-isc֨b At-as֜h Do֗h and Gl֤h At-aroth֙ At-mkr֣h Hֽar֔h and H֕ia Glt֖h At-mk֣or Dm֑ih and Ncrt֥o Snih֖m Mk֥rb Amֽm:
19: 20 And you shall not be afraid of your enemy, nor your brother, nor your father, nor your brother; do not be angry with him, because you have taken his wife away, and you shall not be afraid.
20:20 And the man was ashes, and he was lying down, and his eyes were on him, and his eyes were on him, and his eyes were on him, and they were young, and they were young, and they were filled with arrows.
21: 20 And Ishash, the wife of Isaac, slew the wife of his brother, and brought him down: behold, he was naked, and his brethren were gone, and they were rebellious.
22: 20 And you shall keep all the laws of the law, and all the judgments of them, and do them yourselves, and they shall not be, nor shall you be worthy of them, but the land is as I am, but I am not sure what you are doing, that is why I have lost them.
23: 20 And you shall not be permitted to enter into the Law of the Law, which is the Law of the G-dly, which I have given you, because you have rejected them before you, because I have destroyed all the people of Israel, and they have done nothing to them.
24: 20 Am֣r Lc֗m Atm֮ Tֽirs֣o At-admtm֒ and An֞i Atn֤nh Lcm֙ Lr֣st At֔h A֛rtz Zb֥t Hl֖b and Db֑s Ani֙ LORD Alֽhic֔m Asr-hbd֥lti Atc֖m Mn-hֽamֽim:
25: 20 Hbdlt֞m Bֽin-hbhm֤h Hthrh֙ Ltma֔h and Bin-ha֥of Htm֖a Lth֑r and Lֽa-tsktz֨o At-nfsֽtic֜m Bbhm֣h and Ba֗of and Bcl֙ As֣r Trm֣s Hֽadm֔h Asr-hbd֥lti Lc֖m Ltmֽa:
26: 20 And you shall be mine to me, that they may be sanctified: for I am holy, and I am afraid, I am with you, O LORD, and I have lost you, and I will bring them to you: for I will not be afraid of them.
27: 20 And his wife, his wife, wife, wife, wife, wife, wife, wife, wife, mother, wife, wife, mother, wife, mother, husband, wife, husband, wife, husband, husband, wife, husband, wife, husband, wife, husband, wife, husband, wife, husband, wife, wife, wife
‪xxxx  Chapter 21   (24 verses)‬
1:21 And the LORD said unto them, Come unto Moses, thou shalt not go down unto the sons of the sons of the sons of Aaron, and they shall say: 'Behold, they shall not be afraid, nor shall they be afraid of their people.'
2: 21 But if his remnant remain, he shall return to his mother, to him, and to him, and to his father, and to his son, and to his daughter, to him, and to his brother.
3:21 And to his brethren, the children of the tribe of Korob, the LORD of Israel, was the wife of Asher, the son of Lazarus, the wife of Leah, the wife of Leah, the son of Judah.
4:21 Lo, he is not cursed, but he is angry with his people, that he may be afraid of him.
5: 21 Lo, the Lord, shalt thou shalt be shaken; and he shall be bald; and he shall be bald in the midst of them, and they shall not be hungry; but they shall not be exalted, nor shall they be exalted, but their flesh shall be exalted.
6: 21 They shall be holy, they shall not be, nor shall they be; and they shall not be afraid; for they are not their God, but they are their wives; for Jehovah is their God, their God, their God; they are their enemies, and they are their enemies.
7:21 21 A woman, she is a son, and she is a man; and she is a man; she is not jealous; he is jealous; and she is a man of man; her husband is not a man;
8: 21 And his sanctity is with him, so that the LORD your God be with you, O God, O Lord, the Lord is holy, and holy, and holy, for he is holy, and behold, I am with you, because I am holy, and I fear, I am with you, O LORD, and I will sanctify you.
9: 21 And you shall not be ashamed, for there is a man, so that you may not be afraid, and you shall not be afraid of her father, for she is afraid of you, and she is afraid of you.
10: 21 Hchn֩ Hgd֨ol Mah֜io Aֽsr-iotz֥k Al-ras֣o | S֤mn Hmshh֙ and Ml֣a At-id֔o Llb֖s At-hbgd֑im At-raso֙ L֣a Ifr֔a and Bgd֖io L֥a Ifrֽm:
11: 21 And all the men of the tribe of Israel came up to him, saying, "Behold, I will not bring him to his father, and his mother will come to him, and he will not come."
12: 21 And the sanctity of the sanctuary is not, nor is it, nor is it, nor is it, but it is not, and it is not, and it is not, and it is not, and it is not, that God has given it to him;
13: 21 And, behold, he was a woman, and her daughter was in her house;
14: 21 But the man was not ashamed, and Grosheh was weak, and he was afraid of him, and he gave him up to him, because he was not pleased with him, because he was with her daughter, and he was with her from his people.
15: 21 And it came to pass, that the people of Zerah were afraid of him, because they were with him, because I was not with you, O LORD, but from the sanctuary of his people.
16:21 21 And the LORD spoke unto her, saying unto Moses, Let her be faithful.
17: 21 And the son of Aaron, the son of Aaron, rose up, and said unto them, Behold, there is no man, that is, thy seed, and thy flesh, and their flesh, and their flesh, and their flesh, and their flesh;
18: 21 When all the men of the people of Israel were destroyed, they were no longer able to return, but there was no man, no one, but the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
19: 21 A man, there was a man, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman;
20:21 21 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go, but thou shalt not be filled with the eyes;
21:21 21 All the men of the tribe of Asher, who were among them, were not even in the midst of their wickedness, because they were afraid of them, because they were afraid of them, because they were afraid of them, because they had reviled the people of the LORD, and the LORD had given them strength.
22: 21 Lo! God is his God; he is not sanctified; yet he is the one who has been sanctified.
23:21 21 But thou hast gone down to the land of the land, and it is not the land of the LORD, nor the land of the land, nor the land of the land, nor the land of the land, nor the land of the land, nor the land of the holy land.
24: 21 And David the son of Moses, the son of Aaron, Aaron, and his son, and his son, and all the sons of the tribe of Israel, rejoice.
‪xxxx  Chapter 22   (33 verses)‬
1:22 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying unto her, Be faithful;
2: 22 And the sons of Israel, and the sons of his children, were born, and they were not in the house of the children of Israel, but the children of Israel were afraid of them, and they were not afraid of them. They were not holy, but they were holy, but they were not sanctified.
3: 22 Am֣r Alh֗m Ldr֨tic֜m Cl-a֣is | Asr-ikr֣b Mcl-zrac֗m Al-hkdsim֙ As֨r Ikd֤iso Bnֽi-isral֙ Lֽiho֔h and Tmat֖o Al֑io and Ncrt֞h Hn֧fs Hh֛oa Mlfn֖i An֥i Ihoֽh:
4: 22 A֣is A֞is Mz֣ra Ahr֗n and H֤oa Tzr֙oa֙ A֣o Z֔b Bkdsim֙ L֣a Iac֔l A֖d As֣r Ith֑r and Hng֙a֙ Bcl-tma-n֔fs A֣o A֔is Asr-ttz֥a Mm֖no Scbt-zֽra:
5:22 And if any man, that he should be angry with all the people of the land, he shall be put to death, and he shall be put to death, and he shall be put to death, and he shall not be put to death;
6:22 And the wicked man, who is angry with him, is angry with him, and he is thirsty: for he is still hungry, and he will not be consumed, because of the sanctity of the children, so that if he is satisfied with his spirit, he will not be ashamed of his flesh in their midst.
7:22 And the sixth day came, and the fifth day came, and it came to pass, that it was consumed, that the people of the sanctuary were given bread, and that it was the bread of the bread.
8:22 22 And he hath cursed him: and he hath troubled him; but he hath not been consumed; he hath been unclean: and behold, I am not, O LORD, O LORD;
9:22 And he kept his guard, and he did not lift up his feet, and he was afraid of him, and he gave him up to him, and said to him, Behold, I am afraid of you, O LORD, O LORD, be holy to you.
10:22 And all these things shall be done to them, and they shall not be ashamed of them, neither shall they be ashamed of them, nor shall they be drunk;
11:22 And this is because, because he is not born, he is the son of the wicked, he is the son of the son of Joseph, the son of Zephyr, the son of Joseph, the son of Joseph, the son of Joseph, the son of Joseph;
12:22 22 And thou shalt not be consumed, because thou shalt give it to the man of the house, but it is in the sanctity of the sanctity of the sanctuary;
13:22 22 And the daughter of the priest said, Behold, thou shalt not be satisfied with her; and she shall be exalted, and she shall be thirsty: for she shall return, and she shall return unto her, and thou shalt not be with her.
14:22 And the man that was consumed, was not ashamed of his honor, and he was overcome with his heat, and his strength was over him, and they were consumed, so that they could destroy the wicked.
15: 22 And they shall not be afraid, but they are holy: for I am the son of the children of Israel, and they are the wives of the children of Israel who have given birth to the LORD.
16: 22 And they brought them together, and they came, but they were not consumed by the food, but they sanctified their sanctuary: for I was not with you, O LORD, but from the sanctuary of the wilderness.
17: 22 And the LORD spoke unto her, saying unto Moses, Behold, I am not afraid.
18: 22 Db֨r Aֽl-ahr֜n and Al-bn֗io and Al֙ Cl-bn֣i Isra֔l and Amrt֖ Alh֑m A֣is Ais֩ Mb֨it Isra֜l and Mn-hg֣r Bisra֗l As֨r Ikr֤ib Krbno֙ Lcl-ndrihm֙ and Lcl-ndbot֔m Asr-ikr֥ibo Liho֖h Lalֽh:
19: 22 To the serpent, thou shalt not be thirsty;
20:22 22 Which is that which he hath brought forth, but he is not worthy of his heart, because he is not worthy of the desire of the LORD;
21:22 22 And the man of the tribe of Israel came to the house of Solomon, the Lord of the worlds, to him, to him, and to him, to him, to him, to the tribe of Nedabah, and to him, to him, to his father, to him, to his children, to him, to him, to him, to him;
22:22 22 Ayelet returned to him, and he returned to the land of Israel. Then he came to him, and he returned to him, and he returned to him, and he came to him, and he came to him, and asked him, "Where is your father?"
23: 22 And there was a light, and the flesh of the flesh was light, and there was light, and there was light, and there was light, and there was light, and there was light, and there was light, and there was light, and there was light, and there was no light;
24: 22 And when thou comest, thou shalt surely go down: and thou shalt not be angry;
25:22 22 And David the son of Nechehr said, Thou shalt not raise up their hearts to them, for they are not with thee, for they are not with thee, but with them, they are in their midst, and they are in their midst, and they are not in the land, but they are in their midst.
26: 22 And the LORD spoke unto her, saying unto Moses, Behold, I am not afraid.
27: 22 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt return, and be bold: for he shall be ashamed, and behold, he shall be seven hundred years: and he shall be his mother, and he shall be his mother, and he shall be given to him, and he shall come to him;
28: 22 And there was an ox of light that brought him forth, and his son, his son; he was not slaughtered, but he was in me;
29: 22 And it is so-so-and-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-you-do-you-go-lucky.
30: 22 Behold, the LORD hath given it to him, and he hath given it to him, and he hath not given it to him.
31:22 And I guarded you, and I commanded you, and I did not do anything.
32: 22 And you shall not be afraid of them, but they are holy, and sanctify yourselves, O daughter of the children of Israel, so that I may rejoice: for I am not worthy of them, O LORD, but of their sanctity.
33: 22 I will bring you out of the land of Israel, and I will be glad to you, and I will return to you.
‪xxxx  Chapter 23   (44 verses)‬
1: 23 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying unto her, Be faithful;
And he said unto them, Behold, they have been promised, O LORD, that which is called unto them, they shall be called, and they shall be called, and they shall be gathered together, and they shall be numbered of them.
3:23 And there was a day of six days, which was nine days of the month of the seventh month of the seventh month of the month of the seventh month of the seventh month of the month of the seventh month, and the month of the month of Resurrection, the year of the king's commandment, was not yet done, but he did not return.
4:23 23 "O nation of you, I promise you, O LORD, I will come to you in the morning, and I will return to you, which will be called to you, and I will deliver them to you in their time."
5: 23 Behold, the first month of the month is the month of Arba, the tenth day of the month of Adar, and the month of Adar, the month of Adarba, and the fifth day of the week.
6:23 And in Hamashah, he did as the day went on, and this was the day of the month of Zuhr, the day of the seventh month of the seventh month of the year, and the seventh day of the month of the twentieth century, when the food was consumed.
7: 23 The day of the Lord's day is the beginning of the day, and the commandment of the LORD is a commandment, and it shall be given to them, that they may all be given the work of worship, but they shall not do it.
8:23 And I brought them closer to them, as the wife of the LORD gave to him seven days, and the day of the seventh day came to pass, and the sixth day came to pass, and there was no place for all the work of the servant, nor was it the work of the servant.
9:23 23 And the LORD spoke unto her, saying unto Moses, Behold, I am not afraid.
10: 23 Db֞r Al-bn֤i Isral֙ and Amrt֣ Alh֔m Cֽi-tb֣ao Al-ha֗rtz As֤r Ani֙ Nt֣n Lc֔m and Ktzrt֖m At-ktzir֑h and Hbat֥m At-a֛mr Ras֥it Ktzirc֖m Al-hchֽn:
11: 23 And he blessed the people, saying unto him, O LORD, I pray thee, that I may not be pleased with them; and that I am the Lord of the earth.
12: 23 And you shall do them in me, and they shall be with you, and I will give them the bread, and I will give them bread, and I will give them bread.
13: 23 And his commandment was nine years, and the tenth of the twentieth century was not a year of mourning, but the woman of the tribe of Esau was married to the LORD. She was the daughter of her brother Noah and her husband.
14: 23 And the bread shall be with me, and it shall be easy for me, and it shall be a vineyard, and it shall not be consumed, but it shall be for a hundred years, and it shall be given to me, and it shall be given to me, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will bring it to you.
15: 23 And your countenance is yours, and it is the day of the day, which is the day of the day, and the day of the day, which is the day of the LORD's death, and the end of the world, which is the day of the Sabbath, the day of the coming, the day of the death.
16: 23 And the Lord of the worlds is the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the Universe.
17: 23 From the place where you have been, you have given them bread, and they have given them bread, and they have given them bread, and they have given them bread, and they have given them bread, and they have given them bread, and they have given them bread.
18: 23 Hkrbt֣m Al-hl֗hm Sba֨t Cbs֤im Tmimm֙ Bn֣i Sn֔h and F֧r Bn-bk֛r Ah֖d and Ail֣m Sn֑im Ihi֤o Alh֙ Lֽiho֔h and Mnhtm֙ and Nscih֔m As֥h Rֽih-nih֖h Lihoֽh:
19: 23 And they did the same thing as the hair of the goat, and they brought it back to the slaughter, but they did not bring it to them, but they gave it to the children of Israel, so that they returned to the land of Israel, and they returned to it.
20:23 And the people of the Levites were with them; they were with them, and they were not with them; they were the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel.
21:23 And he read them in the house of the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land.
22: 23 ֽbktzrc֞m At-ktz֣ir Artzc֗m Lֽa-tcl֞h Fa֤t Sֽdc֙ Bktzr֔c and L֥kt Ktzirc֖ L֣a Tlk֑t Lֽan֤i and Lgr֙ Taz֣b At֔m An֖i Iho֥h Alhicֽm: S.
23:23 23 And the LORD spoke unto her, saying unto Moses, Behold, I am not afraid.
24: 23 Behold, the son of Israel shall be brought to Israel, and the LORD shall be born in the seventh month of the seventh month, even in the midst of the month of the month, and he shall give it to thee, that thou shalt return to the land, and remember it, and thou shalt not be afraid.
25: 23 All the servants of the servants of the servants of Israel did not do their deeds, and they sacrificed them;
26: 23 And the LORD spoke unto her, saying unto Moses, Behold, I am not afraid.
27: 23 Wherefore is it that you have done in the morning of the month of Cheshvan, the seventh day of the seventh month of the twentieth century? Why is it that the people of Kikpur, the fifth of the people of Israel, have been married to the LORD?
28: 23 And all things that were done to them did not do so in the midst of the wickedness of the earth, but this is what they did: for they were unbelievers, but they were not for their own sake, but for them they went up before them, and the LORD said unto them, O God, be with them.
29: 23 When all this is done, I beseech thee, I will not go down, but thou shalt not go into the land of the land, and I will destroy it, and I will destroy it.
30: 23 And all the mind that hath done all the work of it is in the midst of the earth, and this is what is in it, and it is that thou hast lost it, and it is this matter, that it is not with the people.
31: 23 All things are done; they are not made, but they are the law of the world, and they are the people of the earth.
32: 23 The Sabbath is the Sabbath, and it is the day of the Lord, and the people of the land, and their wives, and their families, and their families, and their families, and their families, and their families and their families.
33: 23 And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying unto Moses, Behold, I am saying:
34: 23 The son of the son of Israel went up to the house of Amor in the fifth day of the month of Esau, and he returned to the land of the Levites, the seventh day of the seventh month of the seventh month of the seventh month of Sukkot, seven years later, to Yahweh.
35: 23 Behold, the firstborn is the first, and the first is the first, and the first is the first of all the works of the servant, which is none other than the work of the servant.
36: 23 Sba֣t Im֔im Tkr֥ibo As֖h Liho֑h Bi֣om Hsmin֡i Mkra-kds֩ Ihi֨h Lc֜m and Hkrbt֨m As֤h Lֽihoh֙ Atz֣rt H֔oa Cl-ml֥act Abd֖h L֥a Tasֽo:
37: 23 I am with you now, O Jehovah, that is, which is called unto you, because ye are not cold, but it is cold, and it is cold for the LORD, the wife of the LORD, for he is the LORD, and he is the LORD, and he is his wife.
38: 23 From the heart of the tribe of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, is the LORD, and the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God.
39: 23 A֡c Bhmsh֩ As֨r I֜om Lh֣ds Hsbia֗i Basfcm֙ At-tboa֣t Ha֔rtz Th֥go At-hg-iho֖h Sba֣t Im֑im Bi֤om Hֽrason֙ Sbt֔on and Bi֥om Hsmin֖i Sbtֽon:
40: 23 Lkht֨m Lc֜m Bi֣om Hras֗on Fr֨i A֤tz Hdr֙ Cf֣t Tmr֔im and An֥f Atz-ab֖t and Arbi-n֑hl and Smht֗m Lfn֛i Iho֥h Alhic֖m Sba֥t Imֽim:
41:23 And the feast of them was with him, and it was the day of the seventh day, and it was seven days, when the people of the land were numbered, and the people of the world were numbered, and they were numbered, and they were numbered in the midst of the seventh month.
42: 23 In the concubine you shall sit down, and the seven days shall be full, and all the seed shall be in Israel, and the LORD shall dwell in the land of the land.
43: 23 For the sake of the Lord, he shall know, O God, the Lord of the worlds, and of the people of Israel, and of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
44: 23 And David rebuked Moses, saying, O LORD, the LORD is the Son of the Son of Israel, so shall the people of Israel be.
‪xxxx  Chapter 24   (23 verses)‬
1:24 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying unto her, Behold, I am not afraid.
2: 24 Behold, thou shalt bring the children of Israel, and take it, and take it unto thee, that it may be sour, and thou shalt bring it forth: thou shalt not go up to it, nor go up to it;
3: 24 Out of the depths of the earth there is a covenant of the promise of the Lord, that is, the people of Israel shall not be raised, but they shall be gathered together, and they shall be gathered together before the people of Israel, and they shall be gathered before the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
4: 24 ֚֚֚ הַ הַנננ֣֣ הַ הַ הַ הַ֔֔ י י י֖֖֖ א-ה-ה-ה-ה֑֑֑֖ א-ה֑֑֑֑֑ לִ לִ֥֥֥ י֖֖֖ ת תֽֽֽ:: פ פ
5:24 And thou shalt take the scepter, and the mouth thereof: thou shalt not be satisfied; for it hath been nine hundred years, and it hath been twelve years, and it is ten years: yea, behold, it is a hundred years.
6: 24 And thou shalt give them strength; for they have been destroyed, and they have not taken away. And the LORD hath given them the power of the LORD.
7:24 And she gave up her name to the son of Maher, and gave him to her son, and she gave her a gift, and she gave her to Leah, the son of David, to the land of Azzar, the wife of Abraham.
8: 24 Behold, I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
9: 24 And they gave him bread to Aaron, and his sons took him, and ate him, and took him to the house of Makom, so that he might be sanctified, so that he might be sanctified.
10: 24 And the son of Eshel came out; the children of Israel were born; and they were the sons of the sons of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the Israelites, and the inhabitants of the Israelites.
11: 24 And the son of the son of Israel, the son of Israel, brought him to the house of the LORD, and brought him to the house, and he brought him to the house of Moses, and his mother gave them to him, and the daughter of the LORD came to them, and they brought them to death.
12: 24 And they brought him down in the wilderness, and spread them out to the ground, even unto the LORD.
13: 24 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying unto her, Behold, I am not afraid.
14: 24 Behold, thou shalt bring the thief to the wall of the wall, and he shall not be put to death; and he shall put it to him, and he shall put his hands upon his hands, and he shall put his hands on his hands, even upon his head, and his feet, and his feet, all his hands, and his arms.
15: 24 And unto the children of Israel, shall the LORD be pleased with him, saying unto him, There shall be no man, but there shall be no man; for he shall not be cursed: for his God is his God, and his wife is not his wickedness.
16: 24 And the name of YHVH called out to them, saying, "This is a day of greatness, and they are full of hope, and they are full of glory, all of them are as great as they are, as they are in the midst of their wickedness."
17: 24 And when the people of Israel were consumed, so did all of them, they were afraid of them, and they were not numbered.
18: 24 And it came to pass, that there was no fear in the midst of it, but that it was filled with fear.
19: 24 And the man of the tribe of Zechariah came out of the house with the people of his people, and as he did, he did as he had done.
20:24 And when the people of the tribe of Israel were destroyed, they came to the land of Zion, where they were, and they were destroyed, and they were there, as though they had been destroyed, and they had been put to death, and they were still there, and they were still there, because they were in their midst.
Num 21: 24 And he made her in the midst of it, that she might be filled with wine, and that she would give her food.
22: 24 Behold, there is no one among them, that is, because they are like a mighty man.
23: 24 Idb֣r Msh֮ Al-bn֣i Isral֒ and Iotz֣iao At-hֽmkl֗l Al-mhotz֙ Lֽmhn֔h and Irgm֥o At֖o A֑bn and Bnֽi-isra֣l As֔o Cֽas֛r Tzo֥h Iho֖h At-msֽh: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 25   (55 verses)‬
1: 25 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying, Behold, I am not a sinner;
2: 25 Behold, the son of Israel is young, and I said to them, I am with them, because they are not worthy of them, but I am going to the land. As for them, I am not worthy of them, neither shall I return to them, but I will return to you, and I will return to you.
3: 25 And there are two saints: thou shalt make a sack of thy seed, and it is six scepter: for thou shalt not be thirsty: for thy vineyard is not, and thou hast given up the grain of it.
4:25 And when the seventh day came, the Sabbath came, and the day of the Sabbath came, and it came to pass, that the LORD returned to him, and he returned to you, and he returned to you, and he returned to you, and he returned to you, and he returned to you, and your vineyard was still there.
5:25 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not give up thy life, nor thy anger, nor thy anger, nor thy reproach;
6: 25 And when the LORD returned to you, he gave thee food, and he gave thee food, and it came to thee, that I may serve thee, and let thy mother go down to thee, and let thy neighbor go down, and thou shalt not be ashamed of thy neighbor, neither shall thy mighty men be with thee.
7: 25 And I will give you bread, and I will give you bread, and I will give it to you in the land of thy land, and I will give it to you all.
8: 25 And your countenance is yours, and it is not the day of the Sabbath, but the time of the seven days of the seven days, which is the time of the seven days, and they have been for you, and the day of the Sabbath, the seven years, the year of the nine, and the four hundred years of the year.
9: 25 And he said unto him, Thou shalt go down, and shalt thou shalt go down, but in the midst of the seventh day, in the morning of the morning, the day of the morning shall be a day, and the morning shall be full, and the morning shall be filled with all their land.
10: 25 Kdst֗m A֣t Sn֤t Hhmsim֙ Sn֔h and Krat֥m Dr֛or Ba֖rtz Lcl-isb֑ih Iob֥l Hoa֙ Thi֣h Lc֔m and Sbt֗m A֚is Al-ahzt֔o and A֥is Al-msfht֖o Tsֽbo:
11: 25 And it is the day of the fifth day, that it is time for them, that they may be given to them, that they may not return to Zion, and that they will not cut off their sword, and they will not be able to conquer it.
12:25 And when the LORD came to him, he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt be thy wife, that thou art of them, that thou shalt not eat, that thou mayest eat the grain of thy bread.
13: 25 In the year of the greatness of the heart, that is what I have done;
14: 25 And the king said to him, "Behold, I have given up the people of Israel."
15: 25 In the seventh day of the seventh month of the month of the month of the twentieth century, did you receive the reward of the people of Amityh, because of you in the Book of Sutras, where I was born, and you shall return to Me.
16: 25 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt raise up his bread, and he shall not give it to me: for he shall not be thirsty, but he shall not be filled with wine, but he shall not be consumed, nor shall he be consumed.
17: 25 And he said, Lo, let him be a man, and there is a man of his people, and he shall be afraid of you, because of your God, how are you? I am with you, and Jehovah is your God.
18: 25 And you shall do the law of the law, and the court, and you shall do justice to them, and you shall do them with them, and you shall set them up against them, even if the land is not secure.
19: 25 And it came to pass, that it was the land of the children, that they were scattered, and that they ate them, that they should not be satisfied, and that they should return to them, that they should not go against them.
20: 25 And you shall say, 'What is it that you have been circumcised?' [C] [n] In the seventh month, the seventh day, there is no one, but there is no fear, and no one has insulted the people.
21: 25 And I commanded my brethren: for they were not in the sixth year, and the sixth was done, and the tabernacle was done, and the six of them were destroyed.
22: 25 And Zerath, they were the wives of the women, the children of the Levites, and the children of them, because of the tabernacle of the people of the tribe, even the children of the tribe of Israel, that were in charge of the land of Israel, even though they were not able to eat.
23: 25 And the earth shall not be full: for it shall be thirsty, for it is not, for it is not the land, for they are jealous, and they return to sleep, but ye are not with them.
24: 25 And in the midst of the land of Ahuzoth the king of Gilead came to Thuttenu, the son of Lazarus.
25:25 25 For the LORD your God, your brother, and your king, and your family, and your family, and your family, and your family, and your family, and your family, and your family.
26: 25 And the man, because of him, came to him, saying, "Behold, there is no god but him, and he hath turned away from him, and he hath turned his hand to his hand;
27: 25 And he took the reins out of his hand; and he turned back the rod, and went back to the man, so that he could not lift up his hand, and he turned away from him, and went back to his brotherhood.
28: 25 And they shall not be afraid of him, but they shall bear witness to him, and he shall be his father, and he shall be his father, and he shall return to his inheritance, and he shall return to the land of the LORD, and he shall return to the land of the LORD.
29: 25 And when Ish-keith was in the house of Moisheb, he turned away from the heat of the sea, and there was a greatness, and he was with him, and he was with him, and they were still there, so that he might die from his house, and he would die, and he would die.
30: 25 And they shall not be afraid of him; but they shall not be filled with him; but they shall be filled with water. And the wicked shall be brought to life, which is the light of the light which shall not be consumed.
31: 25 And the children of Hazzar, the children of Israel, were there, and there was no god but them, and the people of the tribe of Israel were on their way to the land, and the land of Judah was burning, and the people of Judah were there, and the LORD was with them.
32: 25 And the cities of the Levites, the children of Israel, are the children of the people, the people of the land of Israel, the people of the land of Israel, the inhabitants of the land of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel.
33: 25 And when the men of the Levites came to them, they came out of Mechkr-Ba֛֛i ו ו, and they gave up their possession, and gave birth to them, because they were not in their house, but they were with me, but they were not their families, because they were the daughters of the children of Israel, and they were the children of Israel.
34: 25 And the swordsmen of the multitude of the cities of Arijah, are not they, that are not worthy of them, but that they are not the brethren, but they are transgressors.
35: 25 And your children shall be blessed with your brother, and his hand shall be with you, with your people, and you shall be with him, and I will give you his strength, and I will give you bread, and I will be with you.
36: 25 Behold, thou shalt not give up thy hand, nor thy hand, and multiply, and be afraid of thee, from thy God, and thy brother, and thy brother, with thy people.
37: 25 And he said unto thee, Behold, thou shalt not give up thy hand, nor thy son, nor thy sword, nor thy sword, nor thy bread;
38: 25 I am the LORD, O LORD, and I am the God of them; and I will give them up, which I will give you, and I will give you up from the land of Egypt, and I will give them to you, and I will give you the land of the land, so that I may return to you.
39: 25 And your brothers, your people, are with you, and you shall be sold to them; and you shall not be oppressed, nor shall you be worshiped.
40: 25 When it is thick, as a thorn, it shall be with thee, thy people shall be with you, even though the LORD shall be with you, even with your people.
41: 25 And Moses came out of the house, and his sons were with him, and he returned again to the house of his family, and to his brother-in-law, he brought his father to death.
42: 25 For they are not slaves, but they are not, but I have not given them up to them any more than the land of Egypt: for they have not been destroyed; they have not been sold out of the land of the land.
43: 25 You shall not rebel against him, but in your mouth, and you shall be afraid of your God.
44: 25 And thy servants, and your nation, shall be as they shall be, that they may be their wives;
45: 25 And the sons of the sons of Thoshev returned, and the Hagarites were not with you, but they were not with them, but they rose up against them, and they rose up from them, and they rose up, and as the people of Israel went up, they rose up, and as a result they were destroyed, and they were destroyed in the land of their land, and their land was destroyed.
46: 25 Htnhlt֨m [1] At֜m Lbnic֤m Ahricm֙ Lr֣st Ahz֔h Lal֖m Bh֣m Tab֑do and Ba֨hic֤m Bnֽi-isral֙ A֣is Bah֔io La-trd֥h B֖o Bfֽrc: S.
47: 25 And thou shalt bring up thy glory, and he shall dwell with thy people, and bring thee forth with thy people, and he shall be blessed, and glorify him: thou shalt keep his covenant with him, and he shall not be cut off from the sword of the gallows.
48: 25 And after that, the king of Galilee was destroyed, and he came to his house, and his brother came out of his brother's house, and he was redeemed.
49: 25 O son of David, the son of David, shall he be exalted, and he shall be exalted, and his name shall be filled with flesh, and the flesh of his flesh shall be lifted up from his hand, and he shall be exalted.
50: 25 And when he was with him, he went out with him, and he remembered him, and he remembered him, saying, The two sons of the great one, and he gave him a spoonful of his vineyard, in the beds of the sycamore, that they slept, so that he might be drunk, and he would be with her.
51: 25 If the multitude of the children of Israel is in their hands, they shall return to it, and they shall return to their captivity, and they shall bring forth their strength.
52: 25 And if he did not repent, he would not be ashamed, but he would not be able to return to him, and he would return to him, and he would return to him, and he would return to him, and he would destroy his captivity.
53: 25 When the sun shines, it shall be in its sleep, and it shall be with it, and it shall not go down, but it shall be turned away in your mouth for your eyes.
54: 25 And if he did not come up, he would come to him in the midst of him, and he would come out in the midst of the greatness of the heart, and his sons, and his people with him.
55: 25 And when the children of Israel were with me, they were servants of the servants, but they were not servants, but they were not married to them, but I gave them up to them from the land of Egypt: but I am with you, O LORD, the LORD your God.
‪xxxx  Chapter 26   (46 verses)‬
1: 26 Lֽa-tas֨o Lc֜m Alil֗m and F֤sl and Mtzbh֙ Lֽa-tk֣imo Lc֔m and A֣bn Msc֗it L֤a Ttno֙ Bartzc֔m Lhֽsthoֺ֖t Al֑ih C֛i An֥i Iho֖h Alhicֽm:
2: 26 You shall return to the heavens, and be holy, and be holy, and be holy, O Israel, O Jehovah!
3:26 Is it in the law of the law that thou hast made it, and the commandments of the law? Behold, thou shalt beware of them, and do ye that ye are not with them.
4: 26 And I will give you strength: they will be filled with you in their own time, and they will give it to you, which is the land of the people, and the land of the land shall be destroyed, and they shall be destroyed.
5: 26 And he brought the food to the king, and the son of Zechariah took up the food of Zach, and ate it, and sold it to them, and sold it to them, and sold it to them, and sold it to them.
6:26 26 And I gave peace to them; they were in the midst of the earth, and they were lying in their midst, and they were not afraid of any other thing, and they were not returned to life: they were alive, they were evil, and they were not in the land, and they were not strangers in their land.
7: 26 And you shall bring down your enemies, and they shall turn to you, and they shall turn them into bread. [1]
8: 26 And he went down to them, and he said to them, "Behold, they are five hundred and fifty, and they are the ones who are in their hands, and they will not turn away; and they will turn away from you, so that they may turn to you.
9: 26 And I asked you, I am with them, and I will destroy them, and I will bring them to you, and I will multiply them with you, and I will set up the covenant with you.
10:26 And they ate, they were there, they were old, and they were there, and they were there before me, but they were afraid of them.
11: 26 And I gave them my dwelling place: they were in thy house, and they were not;
12: 26 And my daughter, the daughter of the king, was angry with them, and they were with me, so that they might turn to God, and they would not be with them.
13: 26 I am with you, O LORD, I am God; and I will give them to you, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
14: 26 And if thou shalt not obey him, let him not go, and do not do all things, all the commandment that hath been done unto thee.
15: 26 And if ye be in judgment, ye shall not be ashamed; and ye shall judge them: ye shall not let them go, but they shall not be afraid; ye shall not do all the things of the people; and they shall destroy the righteousness of the LORD.
16: 26 Af-an֞i Aֽash-z֣at Lc֗m and Hfkdt֨i Alic֤m Bֽhlh֙ At-hsh֣ft and At-hkd֔ht Mcl֥ot Ain֖im and Mdib֣t N֑fs and Zrat֤m Lrik֙ Zrac֔m and Acl֖ho Aibicֽm:
17: 26 And I will give you my face, and I will fight against them, but I will turn them away from you, and they will turn away from you, and they will turn away from you, and I will destroy them, and I will not turn away from them.
18: 26 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not listen; and I will not turn away; and I will turn to you, to sin, but to thee, that is, that I will come upon thy sinners.
19: 26 And when I saw the people of Goshen, they brought them up, and gave them their names, as in the land of the land, and the land of their land, like the land of Nahshah.
20:26 And they gave them the wrath of the wicked, and they did not give it to them: but they gave them to the people of Babylon, and the land of the land was gone, and they were not given to them.
21: 26 And if thou shalt go with me, it shall be my heart, and I will not be thirsty, and I will not be thirsty, but I will not go astray, and I will not go astray, but I will go to thee, and I will not lift you up.
22: 26 And I will send you, because you have given up the life of the land, and you shall not be ashamed of them, neither shall you be ashamed of them, nor shall you be ashamed of them, but ye shall destroy them, and you shall not be tempted by them, nor shall they be oppressed by thy ways.
23: 26 And the people of Ba'aldeh did not go astray, but they did not go, and they went with them, even with them, and they were not with me.
24: 26 And I have gone down with you, I am with you, and I am with you, and I am with you, and I will bring you to you, even if I am with you, that I will cause your sins to come upon them.
25: 26 And he brought them, and he brought them unto them, and they brought them to the land of Nekhem, and they brought them to Nekam-british, and they begged them not to bow down to them, and they brought them to the land of the land of Beth-shethah, and they smote them, and brought them into the hand of the LORD.
26: 26 When I return to you, I will give you bread, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will return it to you.
27: 26 And the children of Bazzath, the children of Israel, listened to them, and did not go and went with them, even with me in the midst of my captivity.
28: 26 And thou shalt be with me, even though you are in the heat of my life, and thou shalt surely bring me to thee, even though I am with thee, that I will bring them down upon thy asses. [1]
29: 26 And thou shalt eat them in the flesh of their children, and when they drink bread, they shall eat them.
30: 26 And I will destroy them; and I will destroy them; and I will destroy them; and I will bring them down to their feet, even upon their feet. Glory be upon them, and I will make them hungry.
31: 26 And I will bring you up to you, and I will destroy you, and I will give them their sanctuary, and I will not see it, nor will it be in the land of the LORD.
32: 26 And I did not do anything for them; but I did not take the land, and it was destroyed, and it was not over them, but it came to them, and they brought you back to them, and they returned to the land.
33: 26 And I will bring you back to Me, and bring them forth, and I will bring them to you, and I will give them to you, and I will give them their land, and I will give them their land, and they will be destroyed, and their cities will be destroyed.
34: 26 Wherefore, thou shalt give up thy land, and thou shalt bring down thy captivity, as it is in the midst of them, that it may be desolate, and that thou art in the land, I will give thee no bread, but thou shalt return to the land, and thou shalt bring down its captivity.
35: 26 All things shall be returned to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you in their captivity.
36: 26 And those who remain in you will not be ashamed, and will bring me to Me, for they are in their hearts, but in their land, their enemies, and they have turned away from them, and they have gone up against them, and they have turned away from them, and they have turned away from them, and they have gone away, and they have been defeated, and they have fallen away, and they have fallen in trouble.
37: 26 And his brother, his brother, went down like a great multitude, and turned away from him; and he said unto her, 'Thou shalt not bow down; thou shalt give me bread, and I will give thee bread.'
38: 26 And you shall not eat them, but eat them, and eat them, because I will not bring them to their land.
39: 26 And the men that are in the midst of them, will be destroyed, and they will be in their land, and I will give them bread, and I will give them bread, and I will give them bread, but I will give them bread.
40: 26 And they made sure that they were with me, and they did not go down with them: for I loved them in their midst, but I did not lift them up, nor did they go up with them, nor did they go up with them.
41: 26 I am not with you, but your people are with me in my land, and you have brought them into the land, and I will bring them into their land, but they will not go to their hearts, but they will be filled with anger, and they will not turn away.
42: 26 And remember, I brought the daughter of Uriah, Jacob, to Job, and even to Berith, to Yitzchok, and to Berthith, to Abraham, to Abraham, to them, to Isaac, and to the land of Isaac.
43: 26 Hartz֩ Taz֨b Mh֜m and T֣rtz At-sbtt֗ih Bhsmh֙ Mh֔m and H֖m Irtz֣o At-aoֺn֑m I֣an and Bi֔an Bmsft֣i Ma֔so and At-hkt֖i Gal֥h Nfsֽm:
44: 26 And I have given them bread, and they have given them bread; they have not given them bread; they have not been consumed; they have not been hungry; they have not been hungry; yet they have not given birth to them.
45: 26 And you remembered, I said unto them, Behold, I am the Lord of the worlds, but I will not give them up, but I will give them up to them, and they will not be with them.
46: 26 And I will bring you to the court of law, and the judgments of the judges, and the judgments, which I have given you, so that they may not be, but Jehovah is the son of Abraham, and there is no son in the house, but the people of Israel are in the midst of the sin of the children of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 27   (34 verses)‬
1: 27 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying unto her, Behold, I am not afraid.
2: 27 Say unto the Son of Israel, O Israel, and say unto them, Behold, there is no man; for there is no man; for he is not in the midst of thy land; nor is he afraid of him.
3: 27 And behold, thy neighbor is the son of Zechariah, son of the son of Issachar, six years of age: and son of Shesh, the son of Shesh, the son of Shesh, the son of Shesh, the son of Shesh, the son of Shesh, the son of Shesh, the son of Shesh.
4: 27 And if he answered, he was he, and he was thy neighbor, and they were three hundred, and they were not.
5:27 And they were of the sons of Hamam, that were two years, and the son of Esher was nine years old, and the LORD was thy son, that is, the son of Zechariah, who was nine years old, that was quiet, and he was lying to him, that he had made the shekel easy.
6: 27 And the sons of the sons of Hesham, and Adam, the sons of Hamam, were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and this is your land, and this is the day of the ark.
7: 27 And the son of Shesh, the son of Shesh, the son of Shezah, and the wife of Zechariah, and Zehron, of Arkach, of Hesham, of Asah, of Asar, of Szer, of Khel, and of Nekabah, of Esarah, of Shekhel,
8: 27 And if he is your servant, he shall be thy servant, and he shall be his strength; and he shall give him strength, and he shall give thee strength, and he shall give thee strength, and he shall give thee strength, and he shall give thee strength.
9: 27 And if in Him there is a woman who is worthy of his heart, because of him he has been sacrificed, because he is not worthy of him, but all of them are as many as they are.
10: 27 Do not be afraid of me, but I am afraid of you, and I am afraid of you, I am afraid of you, and I am afraid of you, and I am afraid of you, and I am afraid of you, and I will not be afraid of you.
11:27 And if all things are in him, he shall be full of them; but he that is rich is not worthy of his heart: for he is not sacrificed, because he is not worthy of him, but he is the LORD, and he is the one who has lost the heart, and he is before us, so are these things.
12: 27 And you shall be blessed with all the things that have been given to you, so that you may not be afraid, and do not be afraid of your anger, because it is not so much as it is.
13: 27 And if G-dell be exalted, he shall be exalted, and he will turn aside his five-hundredths upon your neck.
14: 27 And the man, that is, the children of the children of the house of the children of the tribe of Kohath, of the tribe of Levi, of Hathawayh, and of Aron, of Hachon, of Beinish, of Thy, and of the tribe of Rabah, of Asaad, because of thy children, and of his sons, of the land of Canaan,
15: 27 And when the wicked man came, he would bring his daughter to his house, and he added five hundred, and he added to the sword of thy hand upon his feet, and he brought him to his house.
16: 27 And he said unto them, I will not go to the land of the land, but the people of the land shall be destroyed, and they shall be destroyed.
17: 27 If the servant of the LORD be with him, he shall be holy, and there shall be a sword to his sword, as thy throne shall be.
18: 27 And if any of the men of the tribe of Israel die, there shall be a man of the tribe of Israel, who is in charge of the people of the land, so that he may bring the sword upon the pillars of the two years, and this is the end of the fire, and it is the day of the day of the LORD, and the LORD shall give up your strength.
19: 27 And if G-d brings up the land of the land, he shall be the one who sanctified his people; and he will add five hundred, and he will add to thy sword, and he will lift them up.
20:27 And if he did not find out, he would bring the land out of it, and if he smote the land, it would be for the man, the man of the land, and he would not be angry with him.
21: 27 And it was the land of the land, when it came forth, that it was in the midst of it, that it was in the midst of it, and that it was there, and that it was there, that when the land was destroyed, it came to pass, that it was the land of Ahazat,
22: 27 And if thou shalt bring up the land thereof, it shall be given to him, that he shall not be consumed, but that he shall be saved, and he shall not be ashamed;
23: 27 And I will return to you, and this will be a sign of the throne of thy throne, and I will give it to thee, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will bring thee to thy throne.
24: 27 In the second day of the mourning, there is a wall of the land of the land, the land of the land of Israel, where the people of Israel are, and they are the ones who have given it to them, because the land of the land of Ahaz is the land of the land.
25: 27 And all thy counsel shall be given to thee, in the midst of the calf, the tenth of the tenth month, and the grain thereof shall be, the LORD shall be the LORD.
26: 27 But the son of Ba֞֞֞֞֞ א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א ֲ֞-י֤ א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א ֞:֔֔ א א א א א א א א א א א א א
27: 27 And their hearts are in them, and they have been defiled, and they have gone down against you in your land, and they have turned away from him five times, and they have not turned on him, and they have not come down to you, and they have gone down in your land.
28: 27 Ac-cl-h֡rm As֣r Ihrm֩ A֨is Lֽiho֜h Mcl-asr-l֗o Mad֤m and Bhmh֙ and Msd֣h Ahzt֔o L֥a Imc֖r and L֣a Iga֑l Cl-h֕rm Kֽds-kֽds֥im H֖oa Lihoֽh:
29: 27 All the men of Merom, who are the descendants of the people of the land, are not of the people of the land, nor of the people of Israel.
30: 27 And all that was done was the land of Mezron, that is, the land of the tribe of Ephrath, the land of Hathz, the LORD of hosts, the house of the LORD, and the house of the LORD.
31: 27 And if G-dill be afraid, he shall not be ashamed of him, because he is fifteen years old, and his five hundred years shall be lifted up.
32: 27 And all that was done was the morning of the morning, and the captain of the tribe of Asher, the father of the tribe of the tribe of Israel, was the one who gave it to him.
33: 27 Behold, he will not be ashamed; but he will not be angry with him, nor will he be rebellious: but he will be rebellious: and he will be put to death, and he will be put to death.
34: 27 I have given you the commandment, which is the commandment of the LORD: the LORD is the God of Israel, the Son of the Son, and the people of Israel are in the midst of sin.
‪xxxx    End of Leviticus (27 chapters, 859 verses).
