‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.45. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Malachi (3 chapters, 55 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (14 verses)‬
1: 1 משש֥֥֥א דבברר-הוהוו֖֖ה אלל-ששׂרראא֑֑ל בְּּי֖֖ד מללאאככֽֽי::
2: 1 Behold, I have brought you to the house of the LORD, the LORD your God, and I have said unto you: If thou hast loved it, behold, it is not the LORD, but he that hath made it come to him, and he cometh unto him, and cometh unto the LORD, and he shall not go down.
3: 1 And it was done to me that I hated him, and I hated his enemies, so that they made him and his inheritance to him, and they gave him food from the wilderness.
4: 1 Cֽi-tam֨r Ad֜om Rs֗sno and Nsob֙ and Nbn֣h Hrb֔ot C֤h Amr֙ LORD Tzba֔ot H֥mh Ibn֖o and An֣i Ahr֑os and Kra֤o Lhm֙ Gb֣ol Rsa֔h and Ha֛m Asr-za֥m Iho֖h Ad-aolֽm:
5: 1 And when you see them, behold, ye see it, and when ye say it, say, O LORD, glorify the LORD, and he shall not be angry; and the LORD shall not be afraid;
6: 1 B֛n Icb֥d A֖b and A֣bd Adn֑io and Am-a֣b A֣ni Ai֣h Cbod֡i and Am-adon֣im Ani֩ Ai֨h Mora֜i Am֣r | LORD Tzba֗ot Lcm֙ Hcֽhnim֙ Boz֣i Sm֔i and Amrt֕m Bm֥h Bz֖ino At-smֽc:
7: 1 מג'יש֤֤֤ים עֽֽל-ִזבבְּּח֙י֙֙ לֶ֣֣ מם מגג֔א֔ל ול ול ום ב ב ב במ֣֖ ב ב בממ֣֖ ב ב במ֣֣ ב ב ב במ֣ ב ב ב במא: ב ב בך:: גֽֽך:: ג גֽ ב ב: שֽֽֽ ב:ֽֽֽֽ֥:ֽֽֽֽ֥:ֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽ֥
8: 1 and Cֽi-tgs֨on Ao֤r Lzb֙h֙ A֣in R֔a and C֥i Tg֛iso Fs֥h and Hl֖h A֣in R֑a Hkrib֨ho N֜a Lfht֗c Hirtzc֙ [Q] [n] [p] A֚o His֣a Fn֔ic Am֖r Iho֥h Tzbaֽot:
9: 1 And when they came, they began, and they came before me, and they went on, and they rejoice. [U] Who is with you, O God?
10: 1 מ֤י גם גם- בָּּכ֙ם וייססֹג-בב֣ר דללתת֔ם֔ם ום וללֽאֽא-א֥א֥א֥רּר מִה מזזבּבחה֖ה חהנהנהנהנהנה֑ה מה מהֽהֽה חה חה חה חה חה חה מה מה מה מה מה מה מה מה מה מה מה מה מה מה מה מה מה מה מה מה מה מה חה חה מה מה מה מה מה חה חה חה חה חה חה חה חה חה חה חה חה חה חה חה חה חה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה לה
11: 1 C֣i Mmzrh-s֜ms and Ad-mboa֗o Gd֤ol Smi֙ Bgoi֔m and Bcl-mk֗om Mkt֥r Mg֛s Lsm֖i and Mnh֣h Thor֑h Cֽi-gd֤ol Smi֙ Bgoi֔m Am֖r Iho֥h Tzbaֽot:
12: 1 And ye shall not be afraid of them, nor shall they be put to death in their land, but they shall be sent away, and they shall be my servants, and they shall be redeemed, and they shall not be consumed.
13: 1 and Amrtm֩ Hn֨h Mtla֜h and Hfht֣m Aot֗o Amr֙ LORD Tzba֔ot and Hbat֣m Gz֗ol and At-hfs֙h֙ and At-h֣hol֔h and Hbat֖m At-hmnh֑h Hartz֥h Aot֛h Midc֖m Am֥r Ihoֽh: S.
14: 1 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt be ashamed; and he shall be ashamed of his wickedness; and he shall be ashamed; and he shall be ashamed, and bring forth gladness, that he may return to the land of Israel; for I will not go down against thee, but I will not say unto thee, O Jehovah, thou shalt be thirsty, and they shall be saved, and they shall not be ashamed of their brethren.
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (17 verses)‬
1: 2 And it came to pass, that I will bring them to the land of the land, that is, I will bring the priests to the land.
2: 2 Am-l֣a Tsma֡o and Am-la֩ Ts֨imo Al-l֜b Lt֧t Cb֣od Lsm֗i Amr֙ LORD Tzba֔ot and Slht֤i Bcm֙ At-hmar֔h and Arot֖i At-brcֽotic֑m and Gm֙ Arot֔ih C֥i Ainc֖m Sm֥im Al-lֽb:
3: 2 Behold, I will come to you, and I will give you this thing, and I will turn away from you, and I will turn away from you on the face of your face, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will bring it to you.
4: 2 And you shall know that I am my God, that I may bring you the commandment of the commandment, that I will bring you to my house, and that I will come to you, and I will bring you to my house.
5: 2 You have given birth to him, and you have given him his life, and you have given him strength, and you have given him strength, and he has given it to you, and he has given it to you, and he has given it to me, and I have given it to you.
6: 2 Surely there was truth, that it was in the mouth of his eyes, and he gave it to him, but he did not yield to his desire, but in his own flesh, and in his sleep, he did not turn away from you, and he multiplied, and the fire was bitter with them.
7: 2 When the lips of the lips of the mouth are gone, they shall keep the fire, and purify themselves, and he will seek his strength: for he is afraid of him, because he is afraid of you, because the LORD your God is with you.
8: 2 And thou shalt not see them, because of their wickedness, because they have been greatly troubled; they are not in the house of the Torah, but they are in the house of the LORD, and they are not in the house of the LORD; they are the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD.
9: 2 And also, I have given them to you, they have despised them, and they have fallen down, and they are not for all the men of the world, but I will not let you go, but they will not lift your way, and I will bear witness to you in the Torah.
10: 2 Behold, there is no god but one, and all of them are with him, and they are not with him, but they are not with him, but with them, they are in the midst of the people, and they are in the midst of them.
11: 2 Behold, Yahweh is the LORD, and Thoubba, the son of Nezath, the son of Israel, is the son of Baal, the son of Saul, and of them, because of them, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, of the children of Israel, of the children of Israel, of the children of Israel.
12: 2 YHWH, the LORD, the LORD, the L-rd, the wife, the wife, the wife, the wife, the wife, the wife, the wife, the wife, the wife, the wife, the wife, the wife, the wife, the wife, and the wife.
13: 2 And this is the second day, when the people of Israel heard the word of the LORD, saying, "Behold, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD!"
14: 2 And you shall say unto them, O LORD, that thou shalt go down, for Jehovah is not in thy hand, and thou shalt not be able to bear witness: thou shalt not lift up thy youth: thou shalt not see the flesh of the house of the LORD, nor the LORD, nor thy neighbor, nor thy neighbor, nor thy neighbor;
15: 2 And there was no other man, but he did so. And he went up to him, saying, "Come, I will go to the house." Then he said, "Come on, I will go to the house, and I will return to you."
16: 2 So that the people of Israel came to the house of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the God of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, the land of Israel, and the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, and the land of Israel.
17: 2 Hogat֤m Ihoh֙ Bdbric֔m and Amrt֖m Bm֣h Hog֑ano Bamrc֗m Cl-a֨sh R֜a T֣ob | Bain֣i Iho֗h and Bhm֙ H֣oa Hf֔tz A֥o Ai֖h Alh֥i Hmsfֽt:
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (24 verses)‬
1: 3 Hnn֤i Slh֙ Mlac֔i and Fnh-d֖rc Lfn֑i and Ftam֩ Ib֨oa Al-hicl֜o Had֣on | Asr-at֣m Mbks֗im and Mla֨c Hbr֜it Asr-at֤m Hftzim֙ Hnh-b֔a Am֖r Iho֥h Tzbaֽot:
2: 3 And he who maketh up all my people, come in his midst; and he that is with him is in the midst of his anger, and he is afraid of him, so that he may be ashamed of him, as if he were a man of sorrow, and he was buried in a furnace.
3: 3 And he was crucified with sorrow, and he became arrogant, and he went down with a sword, and covered the son of his son, and he gave them to them, and he gave them up to them, and they gave them bread, and they gave them bread, and they gave them bread.
4: 3 And the LORD gave him up to him, and he gave him to him: for he was a son of Jehoahadu, and a son of Jehoshadah.
5: 3 and Krbt֣i Alicm֮ Lmsft֒ and Hi֣iti | A֣d Mmh֗r Bֽmcsfim֙ and Bmn֣af֔im and Bnsba֖im Ls֑kr and Bask֣i Scr-s֠cir Almn֨h and It֤om and Mti-gr֙ and L֣a Ira֔oni Am֖r Iho֥h Tzbaֽot:
6: 3 For now, I am with you, O Jehovah, that I have not slept; and I have been with you, and they are not with me, but I am with you.
7: 3 To whom have you taken their oaths? Have you not seen them yet? I have not been saved, but I have not kept them, but they have not lost them. My God, I have not seen them, and I will return to you, O nation, and I will return to you, O LORD, and I will return to you, and I will say to them: 'Behold!
8: 3 Behold, I will bring them up, because they are not God; for they are not you, but they are seven hundred, and they have not yet said, and I said to them, When thou art satisfied, thou shalt not be satisfied, because thou hast done them not;
9: 3 When you saw them, they said, "Behold, they are not raised, but you are not, but they are seven hundred, and the mountains are full."
10: 3 Hb֨iao At-cl-hֽmas֜r Al-b֣it Haotz֗r and Ih֥i T֙rf֙ Bbit֔i and Bhn֤oni Na֙ Bz֔at Am֖r LORD Tzba֑ot Am-l֧a Aft֣h Lc֗m A֚t Arb֣ot Hsm֔im and Hrikt֥i Lc֛m Brc֖h Ad-bli-dֽi:
11: 3 And thou shalt hasten unto me, even in the midst of the children of Israel: and I will not bring thee into the land, but thou shalt bring them unto me, even the people of the land, and they shall not be filled with thine eyes.
12: 3 And all the men, all of them, have come to you, so that they may die, for I am alive; for you are not in the house of the LORD, but the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD.
13: 3 Behold, I am over you, and I will tell thee, O LORD, that I may say, And I said unto them, Where are your children?
14: 3 If you say, 'Surely, there is no god but God, why are you not satisfied with what we have done, and we are not satisfied with his honor, and so are we, who have been waiting for us, so that you may be buried before us?' "" Oh, O LORD, O Zion! "
15: 3 And when we saw that we were not in possession of them, they gave us food, and they also gave us food, because they were wicked, because they were in the garden of God, and they were not afraid.
16: 3 And he said unto him, Behold, I am afraid of thee, O LORD, O LORD, when thou hast taken away the evil of him, and he hath troubled the LORD, and he hath been put to death, and he hath taken his name: and he hath remembered his name, and he hath taken his name before him: and he shall not fear.
17: 3 And they said unto him, Say ye, O LORD, O LORD, I will give thee strength, and I will give him strength; and I will not be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with him.
18: 3 And you shall sit again, and see them, because there is no god but the Lord, the Lord of the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
19: 3 Cֽi-hn֤h Hiom֙ B֔a Ba֖r Ctn֑or and Hi֨o Cl-zd֜im and Cl-as֤h Rsah֙ K֔s and Lh֨t At֜m Hi֣om Hb֗a Amr֙ LORD Tzba֔ot As֛r La-iaz֥b Lh֖m S֥rs and Anֽf:
20: 3 And he gave them to them, to see them, seeing that my name was the name of Moses, the righteous one, and he gave up in their wings, and they came out of them, and they opened their mouths as a crow, and brought them up.
21: 3 And they did them, because they were wicked, because they were not, but they were not; but they were broken, and their hands were on their feet, and they were still alive, but as I had done, I did not do anything, but the LORD, O LORD, was the captain of the tribe.
22: 3 Remember, I am the LORD, the servant of Moses, the servant of my servant; for I have the power of my commandment, and I am not able to fight against him, against all the people of Israel, the law of the LORD, and the judgments of the LORD.
23: 3 Behold, I am the son of my son, the one who has given birth to me; for I have not seen God, but I am the son of the son, and the son of Abraham is the son of the LORD.
24: 3 And the fathers of the fathers of the fathers returned on the sons of the children, and the sons of Laban rebelled against their fathers, because they were like a father's father, and they slew the children with their children.
‪xxxx    End of Malachi (3 chapters, 55 verses).
