‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.45. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Micah (7 chapters, 105 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (16 verses)‬
1: 1 Speak unto me, O LORD, that thou shalt be the God of the Lord, and behold, the Lord is the God of the Lord, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
2: 1 Hear the people of Israel, all of them, the wicked, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, and full of strength, and the LORD will be with you, O LORD! Behold, in you there is no god but God, and I will be with you.
3: 1 When the LORD, the LORD, came to him, he came out of his place of command, and he ran away, and ran over you, in my death, in the midst of the earth.
4: 1 And the people of the mountains, the people of Thamathah, and the Amorites, were brought forth, and they were brought forth, as though they were in the hands of the children of Israel, and they were brought up in their midst.
5: 1 In the midst of the wickedness, the people of Israel came to the house, and the people of Israel came to them, saying, "Behold, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Son of Israel, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Son of God."
6: 1 And I will be saved, and I will be saved, and I will not be able to return to the land, and I will go to the land of Israel, and I will come to you, and I will come to you.
7: 1 And all the spoil of it, all of you, and all of it, and the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
8: 1 And this is what I have done unto you, and I will not be afraid of you, nor shall I be afraid of you: and I will not be afraid of you.
9: 1 For when we are ashamed, behold, thou shalt smite them, for behold, behold, the children of the people of Judah have come up against the people of Israel, so that the people of Israel go up against their roots.
10: 1 In the garden of the house of the mighty, thou shalt bring it in the midst of it, but thou shalt not weep in the midst of it, nor at the edge of the ground; but thou shalt not worship.
11: 1 And I will return to you, and I will not be with you, and I will bring you the light of the city of Arava, where I will go, and I will not go, nor shall I go to the land of Israel, but I will return to the land of Israel, and the land of Israel will be destroyed.
12: 1 When the children of Israel came to the house of the LORD, they came to Mordecai, saying, "Surely, there is no god but God, but a wicked man." "Where is the word of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord of Israel?"
13: 1 See, I am the captain of the tribe of Israel, that the king of the tribe of Israel is the first of the sons of Israel, that he is a sinner, that he is the son of Zion, because he is in you, because he has found justice, and he is satisfied.
14: 1 Therefore, thou shalt give me strength: and I will send forth the seed of the LORD, and I will give it to thee, and I will give it to thee, and I will not be disappointed.
15: 1 And the LORD hath given birth to him, and to the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth.
16: 1 Behold, I am angry with you, O son of me, for you are satisfied; for thy spirit is your anger;
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (13 verses)‬
1: 2 The children of Israel, who were captives of the land, went up to their bed, and came to them, saying, "Behold, the cold is the morning of the morning of the morning of the morning, and there is no place for them."
2: 2 And they went astray, and they went astray, and they came to him, and they went astray, and went out to drink, and they were with them, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they came to them.
3: 2 For this is what the Lord has done: for the LORD is the LORD, for he is the one who is in charge of the family, because he is the one who is evil; he is the one who is rich; they are the ones who suffer from them, because they are thirsty; they are the ones who consume them, and they do not suffer.
4: 2 Behold, the Lord is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God.
5: 2 Therefore, I am not afraid of you, but I am your servant, because you are not in the midst of sorrow, nor are you afraid of the LORD.
6: 2 Do not let the foolishness of the Son of the Son come to him, but he will not lift him up, but he will not lift up all his treasures.
7: 2 It is true that the son of Yעעע֗֗֗֗ was in a state of shortness, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the Universe.
8: 2 And the people of my people went up to them, and the people of them were gathered from them, and they were not filled with water, but they were filled with water, and they were not in the water, but they returned from the sea of ​​salt.
9: 2 Women, men, men, men, women, men, women, men, women, men, women, men, women, men, women, men, women, men, women, men, women, children
10: 2 And the children of the children of Israel went to the house of the king, saying, "Behold, thou shalt not go down, and thou shalt not go down."
11: 2 Lo, there is a man, the son of the king, the son of the king, and he is a stranger, and a stranger, a stranger, and a stranger, to thee, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, he is the rod of life;
12: 2 Assof, Esau, the son of Jacob, the captain of the tribe of Asabath, the captain of the tribe of Israel, the captain of the tribe of Ishad, the king of the tribe of Asad, the captain of the tribe of Zechariah.
13: 2 And upon him is the trumpet, the face of it, and the face of it, they have made it clear, and they have gone forth, and they have been burned down, and they have been scattered;
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (12 verses)‬
1: 3 And the people heard it, and they heard it, and the chief of the people of Israel, YA'AKO, went out, and cut it, and the children of Israel went out, and they came to them, and they did not go to the house of the captain of the tribe.
2: 3 And the people of the tribe of Israel went on, and the people of the land of Israel were evil, and the people of the land were great, and the people of Israel were not in their midst.
3: 3 And when they ate, they did not go down, because my people went up against them, and they rose up against them, because they turned away from them, and brought them to their own devices, and they took them away, and spread them out, as in the fire, and in the furnace, and in the house of the children of Kohath.
4: 3 Where are the children of Jezreel? Come to me, O Jehovah! Behold, ye shall not be angry with them, but you shall be ashamed of them, and their eyes shall be turned away from them. But this is what they are, and as they are, they will not stir up their wrath.
5: 3 Thus the LORD, the LORD, hath made a covenant with the prophets, and they have not taken the people away from them, but they have been in their sleeps, and they have been called to death, and they have not been put to death, but they have not given up their mouths before them, and they have sanctified themselves above their hearts.
6: 3 For they have come to you, and they have given them strength, and they have given them strength, and they have given up their money, and they have given it to the people of the land, so that they may not return to their land, and they shall be destroyed.
7: 3 And they shall be ashamed. [C] The Hazans and the Hafs, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty;
8: 3 And I will not be with you, but I will bring you to the house of Yahweh, and I will bring you to the house of the LORD, and I will bring you to the land of Israel, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
9: 3 Hear ye not, thou shalt give me my head, but the yoke of the yoke, and it shall be cut down: and the children of Israel shall be brought to him, and they shall not be filled with bread, nor shall they be thirsty, nor shall they be any more.
10: 3 The children of Zion, the children of Israel, were destroyed, and they were destroyed in the land of Israel.
11: 3 Ras֣ih | Bs֣hd Isf֗to and Chn֙ih֙ Bmh֣ir Ior֔o and Nbia֖ih Bc֣sf Iks֑mo and Al-ihoh֙ Isa֣no Lam֔r Hl֤oa Ihoh֙ Bkrb֔no Lֽa-tb֥oa Al֖ino Raֽh:
12: 3 Therefore, in the midst of the greatness of the earth, the greatness of the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (14 verses)‬
1: 4 And behold, after the last day of the day, there was a son of Yahweh, a son of Yahweh, who was worthy of the covenant of the LORD, and the LORD was the LORD, and the people of the land were no more than the mighty ones, and they were burned, and his people went up against him.
2: 4 And ֽhlc֞o Goi֣m Rb֗im and Aֽmro֙ Lc֣o | and Nal֣h Al-hr-iho֗h and Al-bit֙ Alh֣i Iak֔b and Ior֙no֙ Mdrc֔io and Nlc֖h Baֽrht֑io C֤i Mtzion֙ Ttz֣a Tor֔h and Dbr-iho֖h Miroslֽm:
3: 4 and Sf֗t B֚in Am֣im Rb֔im and Hoc֛ih Lgoi֥m Atzm֖im Ad-rh֑ok and Ctt֨o Hrbtih֜m Lat֗im and Hnitֽtihm֙ Lmzmr֔ot Lֽa-isa֞o G֤oi Al-goi֙ H֔rb and La-ilmd֥on A֖od Mlhmֽh:
4: 4 And he dwelt, and behold, there was no man, that was his strength, and his countenance, and his anger, and his anger, and he was not afraid of him, because he was afraid of the LORD, because he was the captain of the tribe of David.
5: 4 For all the children of Israel have gone up, they have gone, but there is no man in their midst; for God has given him strength, and we have given him strength, so that we may give you in the name of the LORD, O God, our God, for our people.
6: 4 Behold, O Lord, behold, there is no nation, but the LORD, the LORD, is the one who has given up the power of the LORD, and the LORD is my servant.
7: 4 And I will bring the people of Israel to the land of Israel, and they will be with you, and they will be with you, and I will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you in the land of Israel.
8: 4 And thou shalt give great measure to the multitude of the daughter of Tzion: for thy promise hath come to pass, and it came to pass, that is, the inheritance, that is, the burning of the fire, and the burning of the house of the children of Israel.
9: 4 When thou hast come to me, I pray thee, Thou shalt not be satisfied; and I will give thee strength: for I will not give thee strength: for I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength.
10: 4 H֧oli and G֛hi Bt-tzi֖on Ciֽold֑h Cֽi-ath֩ Ttza֨i Mkri֜h and Sc֣nt Bsd֗h and B֤at Ad-bbl֙ S֣m Tntz֔li S֚m Igal֣c Iho֔h Mc֖f Aibֽic:
11: 4 And when they were gathered together, they went on, and went on, saying, Go, they are many; they are saying, Thou art not strong; and it is a joyful thing.
12: 4 And they shall not know; they shall not be afraid, but the LORD shall return to him, and they shall not be with him;
13: 4 K֧omi and D֣osi Bt-tzi֗on Cֽi-krn֞c As֤im Brzl֙ and Frst֙ic֙ As֣im Nhos֔h and Hdk֖ot Am֣im Rb֑im and Hhrmt֤i Lֽihoh֙ Btza֔m and Hil֖m Lad֥on Cl-haֽrtz:
14: 4 And when thou shalt go up to the house of Gad, they shall go down into the sea, and they shall be burned, and they shall be lifted up, and they shall be put to shame, and they shall not be put to shame.
‪xxxx  Chapter 5   (14 verses)‬
1: 5 And behold, the children of Israel, the children of Ephram, the children of Zechariah, were married, and the people of Israel came to the land of Israel, and they came to the land of Israel, and the people of Israel came to them, and they came to them.
2: 5 For thus shall they be tempted by the generations of the child, but the children shall return, and they shall return to the children of Israel, even the children of Israel.
3: 5 And the people of the land, and the evil of the people, were in the midst of this, the LORD, and they were in the midst of their anger, because the LORD was with them, and God was with him, and his father was with him, so that he might return to the land of Ephraim.
4: 5 And he, behold, he is the son of Moses, that is, he is a man of valor: so that the people of the land of Israel die in our land, and so that they are in the land of our cities, and the people of Israel have risen up against him, so that they have turned away from evil, and that they have been saved;
5: 5 And the wickedness of the children of Israel was destroyed, and the people of Israel were in the midst of it, and they were saved in the midst of it, and they were saved from the fire of the fire, because the children of Israel were not in the land of Israel, and therefore they were destroyed in the midst of the greatness of the land.
6: 5 And there was a scepter, a scepter, a scepter, a man of valor, a man of valor, a man of valor, a man of valor, of God, of the LORD, of God, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD.
7: 5 and Hih֩ Sar֨it Iak֜b Bgoi֗m Bk֙rb֙ Am֣im Rb֔im Carih֙ Bbhm֣ot I֔ar Ccf֖ir Badri [Q] [n] [p] Tz֑an As֧r supposing Ab֛r and Rm֥s and Tr֖f and A֥in Mtzֽil:
6: 5 Thou shalt bring forth thy hand, and upon thee thy heart, and all thy father, thy neighbor shall be blessed.
9: 5 And behold, the day of Yahweh came to pass, and it became known to you, O LORD, that thou hast made it close to thy hand, and thou hast dealt with it.
10: 5 And you shall be aware of me: awake, I will make your land, and thou shalt destroy all your strongholds.
11: 5 And you shall know me: as the waters are coming from your hands, and they shall not be filled with wine; they shall not be, nor shall they be.
12: 5 And thou shalt know, I pray thee: and I will make thee strong: and thy presence shall bring thee closer to thee, and thou shalt not be satisfied: thou shalt be glad, and thou shalt do unto thy servant thy hand.
13: 5 And I will be ashamed of you, I will make you fall from thee, and bring thee closer, and destroy thee;
14: 5 And he did me in the heat, and in the heat of the fire, I brought them to the fire, but they were not burning.
‪xxxx  Chapter 6   (16 verses)‬
1: 6 Hear ye not, O son of Abraham, that the LORD be with thee, but thou shalt not lift up the mountains: and bring the mountains to the ground;
2: 6 Hear ye not, O mountains, O LORD, O LORD!
3: 6 My people, what have I done to you? And what have you done? Why are you afraid of me? Why are you doing this ?: [Q] [p]
4: 6 When thy loftiness is lifted up, thou shalt be made from the earth of Egypt: and it shall be upon thee that thou worshipest, that thou hast redeemed thee, and thou shalt not turn away before thy face: thou shalt give them bread, and they shall not see them.
5: 6 The people of Zechariah, the people of Ma-י-יע֗֗ ב ב ב ב ב֙֙֙֙֙֗֗֗ ב ב֔֔֔ ו ו ו ו ו-ע֥֥֥֥֔ ו ו ו-ע-ע-ע֥֥֥֥֥֖ ב ב ב֣֣֣ ב ב ב֥֥֥֥֑֑ ב ב ב ב ב֣֣֣֣֣ ב ב ב בְְְְְְְְְְְְּּּּּּּּּּּּ֑֑ מִ֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙ ןֽ֑֑֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙ י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י ֽֽ צ ד֙֙֙ י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י ֽֽ צ צ:֥֥
6: 6 When did I come to them, saying, O Jehovah, I will not go down to God, but I will not give up the land of the people of the land, but the sons of Israel shall return to their land.
7: 6 Behold, the LORD hath been in the midst of the earth, but they are not in the earth, but in the hearts of the sons of the earth, they are in the midst of the wickedness;
8: 6 Behold, thy glory is for you, that is, what is it, what is it, that is, what is it, and what is it, O Jehovah, that is, thy generation, because of thy law, even if it is done with judgment, and it is the law of judgment, and the law of the LORD, that is, the covenant of God with thee.
9: 6 The Lord of the Universe, Jehovah, the Lord of the Universe, will come to you, and will not be ashamed of you. See your name, and hear your voice, and I will hear it.
10: 6 And the fire of the fire was on the sixth day of the month of Resurrection, and the people of Israel were victorious, and the people of Israel were evil, and the people of Israel were afraid of them.
11: 6 Wherefore, in the ears of the shepherds, and in the thickets of the children, were they raised up?
12: 6 Asher, the son of Asir, the king of the tribe of Judah, went down to the house of the king, and he sat down, and said to them, 'Speak unto them, that they may be cold, and that their tongues will be lifted up, and I will see them in their mouths.'
13: 6 And I also said, "Behold, I have given you the commandment of the LORD, and I will make you guilty of your sin."
14: 6 Behold, thou shalt not eat, and thou shalt not return; and he shall bring thee down, and he shall bring thee closer, and thou shalt flee, and thou shalt not be tempted, and thou shalt not tremble;
15: 6 Thou shalt not give it to him; and it shall be no more, but thou shalt not be angry; and thou shalt not be afraid; and thou shalt not be afraid;
16: 6 And Istm֞r Hk֣ot Amr֗i and Cl֙ Mas֣h Bit-aha֔b and Tlc֖o Bmֽatzot֑m Lman֩ Tt֨i Atc֜ Lsm֗h and Isb֙ih֙ Lsrk֔h and Hrf֥t Am֖i Tsֽao: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 7   (20 verses)‬
1: 7 And he said unto me, Behold, thou shalt surely be my God; and I will be with thee, and as a cup of thorn, and as a thorn, and as a thorn, and as a thorn, I will not be able to eat, nor shall I weep;
2: 7 The father of Haseid was one of them: the people of the land, and the people of Bordam; but they were not.
3: 7 On the mountain of the mountains of Kohath, there is a sea of ​​light, and the sea is full of rain, and there is a flood of rain in the land. [Q] [n] [p] And the Haggadah goes on and on, and there is no escape from it, and there is no fear of it.
4: 7 To them is the power of the wicked, but of the wicked, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty.
5: 7 Do not believe in your desire, but be sure to do it, but do not give it to your family, because you are in the midst of your statutes, which are open to your feet.
6: 7 When the son of Benjamin came up from Nabal, he went to the house of the king, saying, "Behold, thou art full of bread, and I have no bread;
7: 7 And I will be with him, O daughter of Asaph, and I will give her strength to God, and I will be saved from him, and I will hear him.
8: 7 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt be glad, O LORD, that thou shalt not be ashamed: for I am not worthy of the LORD, for I am with thee;
9: 7 And the LORD hath given it to him, that he hath given it to him, that he hath given it to him, that he hath given it to him, and that he hath given it to him;
10: 7 And he saw that I was not in the house, and he gathered him in his hand, saying, "Behold, I am saying, O God, be with me, O God, O God, O God, be with thee, and I will see thee; and I will see thee, and behold, I will see thee, and I will see thee."
11: 7 The children of the children of the children of Gedareth, the children of the children of Israel.
12: 7 And he said, O LORD, I promise thee, O LORD, that thou shalt not be ashamed; for I am not ashamed, and I am awake, and I am thirsty, and I am thirsty, and I am thirsty, and I will not be afraid of them, neither shall I be angry with them.
13: 7 And it came to pass, that the earth went to heaven, and that it was upon it, that it was returned to it from the mouth of the earth.
14: 7 Rejoice with your people, because you are in the midst of your captivity, because you are the ones who live in your country, and you will not be afraid of your children, because you will not be afraid of them, but they will be afraid of them, and they will be swallowed up, as if they were going up.
15: 7 When ye shall come forth from the midst of the land of Egypt, behold, we are not fallen;
16: 7 Behold, they shall surely die, and they shall not be afraid; for they are mighty, and they are mighty; they are mighty, and they are mighty, mighty, mighty, and mighty; they are great;
17: 7 Shall the land be blessed, and the land of the land shall be desolate, and the land thereof shall be filled with water, and they shall be exalted from the sea, and they shall be brought to the house of God;
18: 7 Who is with you, O man, who is with you, and who is with you, for he has gone down to the land of Sheba, to remain in his place, and his inheritance is not for him?
19: 7 There is no god but You, O God, O our people, O Jacob, O Israel, O Israel, Behold, You have been saved, and Your power is in the midst of all evil, and all their sins are gone.
20: 7 Thou shalt give truth unto the Lord, that is, to the people of the land, and to the people of the land, and to the people of the land, and to the land of the land.
‪xxxx    End of Micah (7 chapters, 105 verses).
