‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.45. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Nahum (3 chapters, 47 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (14 verses)‬
1: 1 מַ֖֖ נ נֽֽ֑֑֑ ס֧֧֧֧֧֑ ס ס֧֧֧ ח֛֛ן נ נַּ֖֛ם הָּ֖֖ם הָאֶּם הָֽֽ:ם הֽֽֽ:
2: 1 But the son of Israel was jealous of him, and he rose up to them, and the LORD was with them, and the people of Judah were iniquity against them, and the people of Judah were burned down, and the people of Judah were not in their midst, and they were despised, and they were not afraid of their enemies.
3: 1 Yahweh is your father, your father, your father, and your great-grandson and his great-grandson, your son, your son, your son, your son, your son, your son, your son, your son, your son, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father and your son.
4: 1 And the young man was ashamed of him, and he was ashamed of him, and all the sons of Nahar were afraid of him, and of the son of Nahor, the king of Babylon, of the tribe of Bashan, of Hebron, and of Carmel, and of Pharos, of Laban, of the tribe of Amnon.
5: 1 The mountains were thirsty, and they were filled with bread, and they were hungry, and they were consumed, and the land was not there, and they were consumed, and all the inhabitants of the land returned to it.
6: 1 Before me, his wrath was on him, and he said to him, "Behold, I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will go down to you, and I will go down to you, and I will come to you, and I will go to you."
7: 1 The Lord, the Lord, hath given him salvation, because he is afraid of him, and he is thirsty, and he is afraid of his enemies.
8: 1 And in the spring of the spring, all things were done, and the people of the land were there, and their fathers were afraid.
9: 1 מהה-תחחששְּּבּּב֙ן אללְהוהו֔ה כ כ֖ל֖֖ה ה֣ואא עֶש֑֑֑ה לֽֽא-ת֥קּ֥ם פּעממ֖֖םם צררֽה::
10: 1 For when they were gone, they were gathered together, and they were gathered together, but they were turned away, and they were not numbered, but they were not as they were.
11: 1 From what is the son of the son of Israel, who is afraid of the LORD, because he is a wicked man? Why is he afraid of me?
12: 1 As for the people of Israel, the LORD, the LORD, the people of Solomon, are they, and so are many, and so are they, that they may be saved, and that they are not, and that they are not with you, but I will not help you.
13: 1 And when the people of Mesopotamia were dying, they were put to death, and they were put to death, but they were not numbered.
14: 1 And thy commandment is upon thee, O LORD, the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is thy God, the Lord of the heavens, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, and of the people of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (14 verses)‬
1: 2 Hn֨h Al-hhr֜im Rgl֤i Mbsr֙ Msm֣ia Sl֔om Hg֧i Ihod֛h Hg֖ic Slm֣i Ndr֑ic Ci֩ L֨a Ios֥if A֛od *-for-** Lֽabr-b֥c Bli֖al Cl֥h Ncrֽt:
2: 2 And he went up from Mephitz on the face of the children of Zephor, from Tire to Tire, and Zephah, from Beersheba, from Hazek, from Matan, and from Amazad.
2: 2 When the LORD, the LORD, came down to the house of Gathon, Yacob, when he came, they came to Israel, so that they might come to him, because they were in their wits, but they were iniquity, and they were destroyed, because they were not pleased with them.
4: 2 The man who is mighty, is the man of the land, and the people of the land, are they not in the fire of the children;
5: 2 Behold, it is a joyful thing, and it is a curse, and it is not a terrible thing: it is that the people of the world are ashamed of themselves, because they are afraid of them, but they are like a barbaric thing.
6: 2 Remember, the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, will be ashamed of them in their laws.
7: 2 The gates of the river are empty, and the rivers are scattered, and the mountains are filled with snow.
8: 2 And the people of the tribe of Gholathon were raised: behold, the people of the tribe of Zechariah, and their mother-in-law, were among them, and they were not like the people of the tribe of Jonah, but they were flattered by their hearts.
9: 2 And they said to her, "Behold, I will not go down from there." They said, "What are they doing? And they are not worthy; they are standing against her, and they are against her, and they are not turning away from her."
10: 2 Behold, there is a cup of wine in the breadth of the bread, and it is not cold, but it is not cold, but it is not the bread, but it is so thick.
11: 2 And I will bring it to you, and I will bring it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will not give it to you, nor shall I give it to you, nor shall I give it to you, nor shall I be ashamed of it.
12: 2 Where are the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel?
13: 2 Behold, thou shalt not be troubled, but in his own hands, his mighty men, and his strength, and his strength, and his strength, and his bread, and his bread, and his bread, and his bread, and his bread;
14: 2 Hnn֣i Al֗ic Nam֙ LORD Tzba֔ot and Hbart֤i Bֽasn֙ Rcb֔h and Cfir֖ic T֣acl H֑rb and Hcrt֤i Ma֙rtz֙ Trf֔c and Lֽa-ism֥a A֖od K֥ol Mlacֽch: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (19 verses)‬
1: 3 The LORD, the LORD of the heavens, is full of all things, and he is the one who is in charge of the earth, and he is full of strength, and he is not a man.
2: 3 And he said unto him, Woe unto him, O Lord of the worlds, O Lord of the worlds, O Lord of the worlds.
3: 3 פרש֣ש מַמעלל֗ה ולל֤בַב חב ח֙ב֙ר֙ב֙ב֙ב֣ר֣ב֣ק חננ֔י֔ב֣ר֣ב חב ח֖ל֖ל ול֣בדד פבדּב פּר֖ב חל וה וכה֥ין קבדב פב פּב פּבֶר ון ואא֥ין קן קּ֑בּ֑ר֙ן ואא֥י֥ן קּ֙בּ֙ר֙ן לגגִיי֔י֔י֔ה * ישלול **ו וככְש֖ל֖וּ בִּּגוִייתתֽםם:
4: 3 Most of the people of the land of Israel and of the tribe of Zechariah, of the tribe of Israel, were like the captives of the king, the multitude of nations, and of the possession of the land, and of the family, and of their families, in their captivity.
5: 3 Behold, I am not worthy of you, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O Israel, O Israel, O Israel, O Israel, O Israel, O Israel, O Israel, O Israel, O Israel, O Israel, O Israel!
6: 3 And I will send thee: for I have gone astray, and thy desire is gone, and I have put you to shame;
7: 3 And behold, all the men of the world saw thee, and they said unto them, What is your name, saying, Thou shalt go down, and they shall not be numbered, that is, I am the LORD, and I am the LORD;
8: 3 Thou shalt not be satisfied; for it is not a nation, but a nation, a nation that rejoice: behold, there is no god but God, and the Lord is the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Son of God.
9: 3 As for the people of Israel, the Egyptians, and the Egyptians, and the people of Zion, the children of Phuot, and the children of Israel, were they in the midst of your inheritance.
10: 3 And they shall come to Gilgal, and they shall return to the land of Israel; they shall be exalted, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall rejoice with all the people of the LORD, all the nations of the world, and upon the people of their captivity, they shall be destroyed: and they shall be destroyed, and all greatness shall be brought upon them, and they shall be filled with greatness.
11: 3 G-d, thou shalt remember, thou shalt go thither, and I will not go into thine eyes; but thou shalt not be satisfied with me.
12: 3 Behold, all the children of Israel are with you, they are with you, they are in the house of the children of Israel, but they are not with you, nor are they oppressed by me.
13: 3 Behold, men are among you, women, in the midst of you, to the children, and to the children of the children of Israel, and to the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the people of Israel. [U]
14: 3 From Me, I beseech thee, O Lord, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
15: 3 And when they are consumed, they shall be consumed, and the flesh shall be consumed, and the flesh shall be consumed, and the food shall be ready for you, so that it may be consumed, as it is, and it shall be consumed.
16: 3 Thou shalt multiply all the things of the LORD: and it shall come to thee that cometh to the heavens, and they shall be filled with bread, and they shall be filled with bread.
17: 3 Manasseh said, "Behold, I will go to you, and I will go to you, and I will go to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
18: 3 Namely, I will see you, your Lord, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and your people will not let your people go down against the mountains, and they will not be filled with rain.
19: 3 There is no such thing as your voice, because you have been blessed, and you have been blessed, and you have gone astray, so that you may have taken up your hand, and you will not be disappointed.
‪xxxx    End of Nahum (3 chapters, 47 verses).
