‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.46. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Nehemiah (13 chapters, 405 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (11 verses)‬
1: 1 Speak to me, my son, my son-in-law, and I will be with you in the month of Kislev. כסלו כיסלוו לשנתר ערשים ואנני: יייתי בשוששן בהבירֽהה:
2: 1 And the sons of Hanan, the sons of the tribe of Judah, and the men of the tribe of Judah, and the men of the tribe of Jehudah, were married to them, and the people of Israel were there, because of the Yahweh, the children of the Philistines, who were the descendants of the tribe of Nazareth, because of their captivity, and against the children of Israel.
3: 1 and Iamro֮ Li֒ Hֽnsar֞im Asֽr-nsar֤o Mn-hsbi֙ S֣m Bmdin֔h Bra֥h Gdl֖h and Bhrf֑h and Hom֤t Irosl֙m֙ Mfr֔tzt and Sar֖ih Ntzt֥o Baֽs:
4: 1 And behold, when he heard the voice of the Lord, he said, I am the LORD, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will return to you.
5: 1 And it came to pass, that the people of Israel were not, O LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Son of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Covenant, and the Lord of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, and the Savior.
6: 1 Th֣i N֣a Azncֽ-ks֣bt and ֽain֪ic Ftoh֟ot [U] Lsm֣a Al-tfl֣t Abdc֡ As֣r Anci֩ Mtfl֨l Lfn֤ic Hiom֙ Iom֣m and L֔ilh Al-bn֥i Isra֖l Abd֑ic and Mtod֗h Al-ht֤aot Bnֽi-isral֙ As֣r Ht֣ano L֔c and An֥i and Bit-ab֖i Htֽano:
7: 1 Behold, we have fought against thee, and we have not seen the commandment, nor the lawmakers, nor the judge, nor the people, but commanded the people of your servant, your servant.
8: 1 Remember, remember the Lord, that I may not be pleased with your servant, but I will tell you that you will not hear them, but I will not let them cross your eyes when they are with you.
9: 1 and Sbt֣m Al֔i and Smrtm֙ Mtzoֺt֔i and Asit֖m At֑m Am-ihi֨h Nֽdhc֜m Bktz֤h Hsm֙im֙ Ms֣m Akbtz֔m * and Hboatim ** and Hbֽiaotim֙ Al-hmk֔om As֣r Bh֔rti Lsc֥n At-sm֖i Sֽm:
10: 1 And they shall be thy servants, and thy people, that I may be redeemed, that I may be in thy power, that thou shalt go down, and thy hands shall be in the midst of the thorns.
11: 1 An֣a Adn֗i Th֣i N֣a Azncֽ-k֠sbt Al-tfl֨t Abdc֜ and Al-tfl֣t Abd֗ic Hֽhftzim֙ Lira֣h At-sm֔c and Htzlֽihh-n֤a Labdc֙ Hi֔om and Tn֣ho Lrhm֔im Lfn֖i Ha֣is Hz֑h and An֛i Hi֥iti Msk֖h Lmֽlc: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (20 verses)‬
1: 2 And behold, behold, I am not in thy hand; but I am not worthy of him, because he is afraid of him, because he is afraid of him, because he is not worthy of him.
2: 2 And he said unto him, Thou shalt go down thine hand; and thou shalt go out: thy face is evil; and thou shalt not be satisfied; for thou shalt not go, but thou shalt not go, but thou shalt not be satisfied.
3: 2 And it shall be done unto you, that I may go unto thee, that I may go to them, that I may live in the midst of them, that I may not go down; but I will not turn away: for I will not be afraid of the fire of the house of kabber, but of my fathers, I will destroy thee, and her gates shall be filled with me.
4: 2 And he said to me, I am the king of thee, because of the maidservant, thou shalt give him hope, and fear him; and thou shalt not pray unto God, for he is the name of the LORD.
5: 2 And he said unto him, Let me go with thee, unto thy hand, and thou shalt go, and if thy servant shall be in thy hand, thy face shall be upon thee: thou shalt send me away unto the LORD, even unto the house of the children of Abraham, and of the house of the fathers of the fathers.
6: 2 and Iamr֩ L֨i Hm֜lc and Hsg֣l | Ios֣bt Atzl֗o Ad-mt֛i Ihi֥h Mֽhlcc֖ and Mt֣i Ts֑ob and Iit֤b Lfnֽi-hm֙lc֙ and Islh֔ni and ֽatn֥h L֖o Zmֽn:
7: 2 And he said unto him, Come, thou shalt not go up to the house of the children of the children of the land, but they shall give it unto me, and I will not go down to the house of the house of the children of Israel, but I will go down to the land of Israel;
8: 2 and Ag֡rt Al-asf֩ Sm֨r Hfrd֜s As֣r Lm֗lc As֣r Itn-l֣i Atz֡im L֠krot At-sar֨i Hbir֤h Asr-lb֙it֙ and Lhom֣t Ha֔ir and Lb֖it Asr-ab֣oa Al֑io and Itn-l֣i Hm֔lc Cid-alh֖i Htob֥h Alֽi:
9: 2 And he said unto him, If thou shalt go down, thou shalt go out, and [c] behold, thou shalt not go down, but thou shalt not go down, but behold, I am the daughter of the king, and I will bring it to thee; and I will bring it to thee, and I will bring it forth unto thee, and it shall come to pass.
10: 2 And the sabbath of Sennablah, the son of Hahoron, came to him, and the people of the tribe of Hathon were in the midst of the Ammonites, and he was afraid of them, because they were evil, because they were great, but they were not with them, but they were not satisfied, but they were good, and they were not sons, and they were not afraid of them.
11: 2 And the father's father said unto them, 'Jeruselam is their name, and their name is theirs, and they are three hundred and fifty.'
12: 2 and Ak֣om | L֗ilh Ani֮ and Ans֣im | Mat֮ Ami֒ and La-hg֣dti Lad֔m M֗h Alhi֙ Nt֣n Al-lb֔i Las֖ot Lirosl֑m and Bhmh֙ A֣in Am֔i C֚i Am-hbhm֔h As֥r An֖i Rc֥b Bֽh:
13: 2 and Atza֨h Bsֽar-hg֜ia L֗ilh and Al-fni֙ A֣in Htn֔in and Al-s֖ar Hasf֑t and Ah֨i Sb֜r Bhom֤t Irosl֙m֙ Asr- * Hmfrotzim ** H֣m | ** Frotz֔im and Sar֖ih Acl֥o Baֽs:
14: 2 And it shall come to pass, that thou shalt go down to the land of the land, and go to the land, and go not to the house, nor to the house of the LORD;
15: 2 And he said unto him, O son of Israel, let us not go, let us not go back to him, and he shall return: and he shall return in the heat of the fire, and the fire of the sword, and of the father, and of him, in the midst of the gallows, and of the fire of the sword.
16: 2 and Hsgn֗im L֤a Idao֙ A֣nh Hl֔cti and M֖h An֣i As֑h and Lihod֨im and Lchn֜im and Lhr֣im and Lsgn֗im and Li֙tr֙ As֣h Hmlac֔h Ad-c֖n L֥a Hgֽdti:
17: 2 and Aom֣r Alh֗m At֤m Raim֙ Hrah֙ As֣r An֣hno B֔h As֤r Irosl֙m֙ Hrb֔h and Sar֖ih Ntzt֣o Ba֑s Lc֗o and Nbnh֙ At-hom֣t Irosl֔m and La-nhi֥h A֖od Hrfֽh:
18: 2 and Ag֨id Lh֜m At-i֣d Alh֗i Asr-hia֙ Tob֣h Al֔i and Af-dbr֥i Hm֖lc As֣r Aֽmr-l֑i and Iֽamro֙ Nk֣om and Bn֔ino and Ihzk֥o Idih֖m Ltobֽh: P.
19: 2 and Isma֩ Snbl֨t Hhrn֜i and Tbi֣h | Ha֣bd Hֽamon֗i and G֙sm֙ Hֽarb֔i and Ila֣go L֔no and Ibz֖o Al֑ino and Iamr֗o Mֽh-hdb֤r Hzh֙ As֣r At֣m As֔im Ha֥l Hm֖lc At֥m Mrdֽim:
20: 2 and As֨ib Aot֜m Db֗r and Aom֤r Lhm֙ Alh֣i Hsm֔im H֚oa Itzl֣ihֽ L֔no and An֥hno Abd֖io Nk֣om and Bn֑ino and Lc֗m Aֽin-h֧lk and Tzdk֛h and Zcr֖on Biroslֽm:
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (38 verses)‬
1: 3 and I֡km Alisib֩ Hch֨n Hgd֜ol and Ah֣io Hchn֗im and Ibno֙ At-s֣ar Htz֔an H֣mh Kds֔oho and ֽiam֖ido Dltt֑io and Ad-mgd֤l Hmah֙ Kds֔oho A֖d Mgd֥l Hnnaֽl: S.
2: 3 And on his own hand, his son, his wife, his wife, his wife, his inheritance, and his children, his children, and his son, behold, Zachor, son of Imor,
3: 3 And the people of Sodom, the children of the children, were born, and the sons of the sons of Israel, the inhabitants of the Sanctuary, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord,
4: 3 and Al-id֣m Hhz֗ik Mrm֤ot Bn-aorih֙ Bn-hk֔otz S. Al-id֣m Hhz֔ik Msl֥m Bn-brci֖h Bn-msizba֑l S. Al-id֣m Hֽhz֔ik Tzd֖ok Bֽn-banֽa: S.
5: 3 And on their hands, they were the thorns of the thieves, and the fire was not their fire, but they were not their enemies, but they were in the work of their servants.
6: 3 And the people of the tribe of Simeon, the sons of Heshizuko, were numbered; the children of Israel were the sons of Poseidah, and they were married to them, the sons of Besses, and the children of Judah, because they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and the people of Ido were destroyed;
7: 3 And upon their hands, behold, it was the thorn of the thorns, the thorns, the thorns, and the thorns, the thorns, the thorns, the thorns, the thorns, the thorns, the thorns, and the thorns, the thorns, the thorns, the thorns, the thorns, the thorns.
8: 3 On the one hand, behold, it is the stronghold of the people of the tribe of Boaz, the son of Zechariah, the son of Aaron, the son of Aaron, the son of Aaron, the son of Mark, the son of Rachel, of whom the son of Rachel was born; and the son of Rachel, the son of Aaron, the son of Rachel.
9: 3 And upon their hands they were strong, and Rafi was the son of Nahor, the son of Zerah, the son of Zerah, the son of Zechariah;
10: 3 And on their hands, behold, the son of Hacham, the son of Aaron, was a son of Aaron, and his father was a son of Aaron, and he was a son of his son, and he was the son of Heshbon, the son of Heshbon.
11: 3 And the children of the children of the children of the son of Charam, and the sons of Hush, the son of Pahath, of Moab, and of the tribe of Gathal, of Tantor,
12: 3 And on the other hand, behold, it is the stronghold of the Chaldeans, the son of the king, that is, that is, the son of the king, that is, the land of the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the sons of Israel.
13: 3 At֩ S֨ar Hg֜ia Hhz֣ik Hnon֮ and Isb֣i Znoh֒ H֣mh Bn֔oho and ֽiam֙ido֙ Dltt֔io Mnal֖io and Brih֑io and A֤lf Amh֙ Bhom֔h A֖d S֥ar Hsfֽot:
14: 3 And, behold, it is the wickedness of the sorcerers, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the merciful, the son of thy neighbor, the son of the king, the son of the king, the son of the king, that is, the son of the king;
15: 3 and At֩ S֨ar Ha֜in H֠hzik Sl֣on Bn-cl-hzh֮ S֣r F֣lc Hmtzfh֒ H֤oa Ibn֙no֙ and Itֽll֔no * and will provide ** and Iamid֙ Dltt֔io Mnal֖io and Brih֑io and ֠at Hom֞t Brc֤t Hs֙lh֙ Lgn-hm֔lc and Ad-hֽmal֔ot Hiord֖ot Ma֥ir Doֽid: S.
16: 3 And after him, he hath taken possession of the land of Nebuchadneh, son of Azab, the son of Zerah, the son of Azzab, the son of Zechariah, the son of Azzab, the king of Haggur, the son of Azzab, the king of Haggur, the son of Azzam;
17: 3 After he had given him the possession of the land, he gave birth to the son of the son of Israel, to the children of Israel, and to him, to him, to the king of Israel, to the king of Israel, to the people of Israel, to the people of Israel.
18: 3 And after him he hath taken possession of his brethren, because they are sons of the son of Hanan;
19: 3 And he was cast on his hand, and he was with him, and the son of the children of the tribe of Israel went out, and the commandment of the tribe of Mizpeh was destroyed, and the people of the tribe of Adonath were there.
20: 3 After he had given up his inheritance, he gave birth to the son of Zechariah, the son of Baruch, son of Zephyr, of Zachariah, of Mordekhai, of Simeon, of Ad-Pekan, of the tribe of Zadok, of Ad-Pekhath, of the tribe of Ba'ath, of Elijah, of Hibib, of Kohath, of Hanan, of Haggadah.
21: 3 After he had received the hezek of Merom, the son of Uri, he gave birth to the son of the king, and he returned from it, and he returned to the house of the king, and he returned to the land, and he returned to the land of Israel, and he returned to the land of Galilee.
22: 3 And after him they seized up the trumpets, the priests, the men, the men, and the priests.
23: 3 And after him the son of Hezek came to sleep, and the children of the tribe of Nebuchad, the son of them, rose up after him, and the son of Hazziz, the son of Maazai, the son of Anan, made him a son;
24: 3 After he had given birth to the son of Hanan, the son of Hanan went out of the house, and the daughter of the son of Hanan returned to her, and she returned to her, and she returned to the house of the children of Israel.
25: 3 Behold, the son of Ouzai, the son of the king, the king of Mektzu, the king, and the Maggid, the king of the tribe, the king of the tribe of the king, the king of the tribe of Judah, the captain of the tribe, of the tribe of Ashan, the son of Asher, the son of Pharah, the son of Pharah, the son of Pharaoh.
26: 3 And the children of the tribe of Israel were there, and they were returned, and there was no blemish in the land, nor was there a fence, but the gate was full of stones, and the great tower was upon the high places.
27: 3 And after him, he hath taken possession of the law, and it is not yet, but it is the day of the greatness, and the greatness of the greatness, and the greatness of the mighty, and the greatness of the people.
28: 3 מֵע֣ע֣ל | ש֣֣ע֣עַר הססּּס֗י הם החחז֙֙יוּו הככּ֣א֣הננ֔ין א֖ש֖יׁש לְן לננ֥ד בבּתֽתֽו:ה. ס.
29: 3 After that, the son of Zechariah the son of Amor, the son of Amor, the son of Amor, the son of Gedoloth, and his brother, the son of Heshik, the son of Shachai, the son of Shachai, the son of Shekhanai, the son of Shachanai, the son of Zachar, the son of Mizrah.
30: 3 * After * after he had given birth to the son of Shelomo, Hanan, son of Solomon, and Hanan, son of Tzal, for the sixth time, so that he might return to the land of Israel, and that he would return to the land of Israel, the son of the son of Berkiah.
31: 3 * After ** אחרי החזיז֗י֗ק מללככיי֙ה בןן-צצ֣ר֔פ֔י עי עדד-בב֥י֥ה הננִת֖ינ֖ין ורהֹר֑ל֑י֑ין נ֚גּ֚ד שן ש֣֣ע֣ר הַם הִּמפפ֔ק֔ד ו ו֖ד עעלי֥ת הַה הפפננֽנֽה::
32: 3 And the children of the tribe of Laban, the son of Zerah, the son of Tzur, the son of Hazor, the king of Tzurp, and Haruhel, the son of Aaron.
33: 3 And he said, "As soon as the sun went up, the serpent came out, because we were not in possession of the sons of the sons of Israel, and they were not in the house of the LORD, and he became a stranger to his people, and his anger was multiplied, and he became angry with Yahweh."
34: 3 and I֣amr | Lfn֣i Ah֗io and Hil֙ Sֽmr֔on and I֕amr M֛h Hihod֥im Hamll֖im As֑im Hiazb֨o Lh֤m Hizb֙ho֙ Hicl֣o Bi֔om Hihi֧o At-habn֛im Marm֥ot Haf֖r and H֥mh Srofֽot:
35: 3 And the people of the tribe of Amazon said to him, "I have no hope, but I will say to them that they have done it, but they have not built it, but the people of Israel have gone astray, and the law of the people has passed away."
36: 3 The Lord, the Lord, shall be with us; for the children of Israel are in the midst of the land of their captives, and they shall not return to their homes.
37: 3 And do not be angry with the people of their enemies, and you have sinned against them, because they have turned away from you, because you are not afraid of them, because they have not obeyed you, because we are against the children of the children.
38: 3 And they built the house of the king, and it came to pass, and all the heat went down on it, even on the sides of it, and it came to pass, and it came to pass.
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (17 verses)‬
1: 4 and Ih֣i Cas֣r Sm֣a Snbl֡t and ֠tobih and Harb֨im and Hamn֜im and Hasdod֗im Cֽi-alt֤h Aroch֙ Lhm֣ot Irosl֔m Ci-hh֥lo Hfrtz֖im Lhst֑m and I֥hr Lh֖m Maֽd:
2: 4 And the sons of the sons of Israel were gathered together, and the people of Judah, the children of Israel, came to them, to bring their children to the land of Israel, and to do their work, and to return to their land.
3: 4 And they prayed unto God, and we went down, and they went down from heaven, and lifted them up, and they rose up, and they came down from before them.
4: 4 And the word of Yahweh said, "As if it were the same as the handmaiden, and it is not, and the multitude is great, and we have given it to him, so that we may not be able to build a house in the midst of it."
5: 4 And he said, "Behold, they are thirsty, they know not; they know not; but they shall not see it, but they shall not be afraid, but they shall not be angry with them, nor shall they be angry with them, neither shall they give us back the work thereof."
6: 4 And I will be like the people of the house of Yahweh: for the people of the tribe of Israel have returned to their land, and they have said to them, "Behold, we will be with you forever, and all the people of the land shall be destroyed.
7: 4 And the people of Amidah, of Mechath, of Thamathai, of Mekhot, of Mekhem, of Mahar, of Zechariah, of Hamah, of Zechariah, of Bazahiah, of Baaz, and of Amazid, of Amor, of Mesopotamia, of Zohath, of Herbath, of Ramahiah, of them, and of Keshathathia of them.
8: 4 and A֣ra and Ak֗om and Am֞r Al-hhr֤im and Al-hsgnim֙ and Al-i֣tr Ha֔m Al-tֽira֖o Mfnih֑m At-adn֞i Hgd֤ol and Hnora֙ Zc֔ro and Hֽlhm֗o Al-ahicm֙ Bnic֣m and Bntic֔m Nsic֖m and Bticֽm: P.
9: 4 And there was the voice of the people who heard the voice of the people of Israel, so that the people of Israel came to the house of God, and they brought the people of Israel back, and they returned, and the people returned to them, and they returned to the house of the LORD.
10: 4 and Ih֣i | Mn-hi֣om Hh֗oa Htz֣i Nari֮ As֣im Bmlach֒ and Htzi֗m Mhzikim֙ and Hrmh֣im Hmgn֔im and Hkst֖ot and Hsrin֑im and H֨sr֔im Ahr֖i Cl-b֥it Ihodֽh:
11: 4 The sons of the people were in the midst of it, and the man who carried them in the land of the people went up with his brother, and his hand was done, and he made it in his work, and he gave it to him, and he took away the piece of bread that was given to him.
12: 4 And the sons of the sons of the sword of the sword fought against him, and they forbade him, but they did not die, and they gave him strength, and they rebelled against him, and they came to him in shame, and seized their hands.
13: 4 And he went up to the horsemen, and to the shields, and to him, and to the thorns of the thorns, to the thorns, and to the threshing floor, and to Rehobah, and to Nahmanah, to Nefardim, to the east, to the east, to Rehoboth, and to Ish-saith from his brother-in-law.
14: 4 In the mouth of the wicked, they shall hear the voice of the sorcerer, who is the captain of the tribe, and that the people of Israel shall be gathered together, O God, our God, our God, our God;
15: 4 And We, the sons of Israel, do as they do in the work of the people, and the children of the children of Israel are the ones who hold them, and they are the ones who hold them, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
16: 4 G-d is not yet satisfied, but it is not a man, nor a man of his own, but his sons, and the children of the children of Israel, are the children of Israel, and they are the descendants of the children of Israel, and they are the ones who have come to Israel from their land, and they have been deprived of their labor.
17: 4 And I will not be angry with you, nor shall I be angry with you, and I will be ashamed of you, and I will not be ashamed of you, neither shall I be ashamed of you, nor shall I be ashamed of you.
‪xxxx  Chapter 5   (19 verses)‬
1: 5 And they cried, and cried, and they were great, and their wives were great: they were unto their brethren, but they were Yahweh.
2: 5 And there was a woman, who said, saying, Our sons, our children, and our children, are we, and we have taken a great deal, and we have taken a grain of grain, and we will eat it, and we will be satisfied with it.
3: 5 And there is a woman, who is a woman, saying, We are the children of our children, and our children are honored, and our children are with us, and we have given them bread, and we have taken grain.
4: 5 And there was a woman, saying, Say, Say: 'Lo! Let us not give up your sorrows, but let us go down to you, and let us go to you.'
5: 5 and At֗h Cbs֤r Ah֙ino֙ Bsr֔no Cbnih֖m Bn֑ino and Hn֣h An֣hno C֠bsim At-bn֨ino and At-bnt֜ino Labd֗im and I֨s Mbnt֤ino Ncbsot֙ and A֣in La֣l Id֔no and Sdt֥ino and Crm֖ino Lahrֽim:
6: 5 And he went back to the house of the LORD, saying, "As for the people of Israel, I have not seen them; but I have not seen them, yet I have not seen them."
7: 5 and Iml֨c Lb֜i Al֗i and Ar֙ibh֙ At-hhr֣im and At-hsgn֔im and Amr֣h Lh֔m Ms֥a [C] Ais-bah֖io At֣m * ** Ns֑im carriers [Q] [q] [y] and At֥n Alih֖m Khl֥h Gdolֽh:
8: 5 and Amr֣h Lh֗m An֣hno K֠nino At-ah֨ino Hihod֜im Hnmcr֤im Lgoim֙ Cd֣i B֔no and Gm-at֛m Tmcr֥o At-ahic֖m and Nmcro-l֑no and ֽihr֔iso and L֥a Mtza֖o Dbֽr: S.
9: 5 And he said: And he said unto him, And he said unto them, Come, thou shalt not be afraid;
10: 5 And also I am with you, and I am with you, and I will bring you up to them, and they shall be filled with bread, and they shall bring food to them, and I will bring them to the land of Israel.
11: 5 And they returned to them; they did not return to them, because they were their enemies, and they were not their fathers, but they were their children, and their children were, and what was the first and last thing, and the fire was done, and the fire was done, and I saw that they were not, but they were not in their midst.
12: 5 And he said, 'Behold, a man, a man, and he shall return, and they shall not be ashamed; for he is not ashamed, but he hath made them, so that he hath made them as a wife, because thou art not a man, but a man, and he hath called the people of the land, and they have been destroyed, and the people of the land shall not return to them, to do as they have done.
13: 5 Gm-htzn֣i Na֗rti and ֽamr֡h C֣ch Ina֪r Hֽalh֟im At-cl-hais֩ As֨r Lֽa-ik֜im At-hdb֣r Hz֗h Mbito֙ and M֣igia֔o and C֛ch Ihi֥h Na֖or and R֑k and Iamr֨o Cֽl-hkh֜l Am֗n and ֽihllo֙ At-iho֔h and I֥as Ha֖m Cdb֥r Hzֽh:
14: 5 G֞m Mi֣om | Asr-tzo֣h At֗i Lhi֣ot Fhm֮ Ba֣rtz Ihodh֒ Msn֣t Asr֗im and ֠ad Sn֨t Sls֤im and St֙im֙ Larths֣sta Hm֔lc Sn֖im St֣im Asr֑h An֣i and Ah֔i L֥hm Hf֖hh L֥a Acֽlti:
15: 5 and Hfhot֩ Hrasn֨im Asr-lfn֜i Hcb֣ido Al-ha֗m and Ikh֨o Mh֜m Bl֤hm and I֙in֙ Ahr֙ Cֽsf-skl֣im Arba֔im G֥m Narih֖m Slt֣o Al-ha֑m and Ani֙ La-as֣iti C֔n Mfn֖i Ira֥t Alhֽim:
16: 5 And it came to pass, in the midst of the slaughter of the bread, that this is the bread, and it is not the bread, nor the wheat, nor the wine, nor the wine, nor the fruit, nor the fruit, nor the fruit of it.
17: 5 And the Yahudites, and the men of the people, and the men of the tribe, and the men of Israel, came to them, and they came to them, and they came not to them, because of their anger, because they were close to us, because they were sent away.
18: 5 and Asr֩ Hi֨h Nas֜h Li֣om Ah֗d S֣or Ah֞d Tz֠an Ss-brr֤ot and Tzfrim֙ Nֽaso-l֔i and B֨in As֧rt Im֛im Bcl-i֖in Lhrb֑h and Am-z֗h L֤hm Hfhh֙ L֣a Bk֔sti Cֽi-cֽbd֥h Habd֖h Al-ha֥m Hzֽh:
19: 5 Remember, I am not God, and I am not worthy of the Lord, but I am the one who has done this thing for the people of the land.
‪xxxx  Chapter 6   (19 verses)‬
1: 6 and Ih֣i Cas֣r Nsm֣a Lsnbl֣t and ֠tobih and Lg֨sm Hֽarb֜i and Li֣tr Aֽib֗ino C֤i Bn֙iti֙ At-h֣hom֔h and La-n֥otr B֖h F֑rtz G֚m Ad-ha֣t Hh֔ia Dlt֖ot La-ham֥dti Bsarֽim:
2: 6 And Saul, the captain of the tribe of Sanctuary, came to the house of the LORD, and he returned to him, and he returned to the house of David, saying, "Behold, you are in the house of the unbelievers."
3: 6 and Aslh֨h Alih֤m Mlacim֙ Lam֔r Mlac֤h Gdolh֙ An֣i As֔h and L֥a Aoc֖l Lr֑dt L֣mh Tsb֤t Hmlach֙ Cas֣r Arf֔h and Irdt֖i Alicֽm:
4: 6 And he sent him unto me, saying, This is the Lord, that is, that is, I will multiply the time of the people, and I will bring them back to them, as if I am the Lord of the earth.
5: 6 And he sent him unto me, saying, Son of the son of Israel, this is the captain of the land, and this is the fifth day of the fifth month, when the people of Nerath came to him, and the pride of the gate was opened to him in his hand.
6: 6 Ct֣ob B֗h Bgoi֤m Nsma֙ and Gsm֣o Am֔r At֤h and Hihodim֙ Hsb֣im Lmr֔od Al-c֛n At֥h Bon֖h Hhom֑h and At֗h Ho֤h Lhm֙ Lm֔lc Cdbr֖im Haֽlh:
7: 6 and Gm-nbia֡im Ham֣dt Lkra֩ Al֨ic Bֽirosl֜m Lam֗r M֚lc Bֽihod֔h and Ath֙ Ism֣a Lm֔lc Cdbr֣im Ha֑lh and At֣h Lc֔h and Nֽoatz֖h Ihdֽo: S.
8: 6 And he sent him unto him, saying unto him, Behold, I am not worthy of the LORD, saying, As it is said, Thou hast said, I am saying, As thou hast said, O art thou, that ye may not be raised;
9: 6 And when they were full of them, they gave themselves up to him, and they gave them bread, and they gave them bread, and they brought them out of the house of the cattle, and they did not do it, and they came to them, and they gave up their hands.
10: 6 And Ani-b֗ati B֣it Sֽmֽai֧h Bn-dli֛h Bn-mhֽitba֖l and H֣oa Atz֑or and I֡amr Noad֩ Al-b֨it Halh֜im Al-t֣oc Hֽhic֗l and Nsgrh֙ Dlt֣ot Hhic֔l C֚i Ba֣im Lhrg֔c and L֖ilh Ba֥im Lhrgֽc:
11: 6 And he said unto him, Behold, the man of the sword, that I may be ashamed of him, he shall speak to me, and he shall be with me, and I will not be afraid of him, neither shall I be afraid of him, nor of me.
12: 6 And the priests and the men of Israel were not pleased with him, but he sent him away, so that he could not bring them out, so that he would not be angry with them, and they would turn to him, and they would steal the wages of his servants.
13: 6 For the sake of Maan, he was hired to be the Lord of the Worlds, so that he was not a sinner, but he was a sinner, so he made me a sinner, and made me a sinner.
14: 6 Remember, God is the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the prophets, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel.
15: 6 And it shall be the day of the fifth day of the seventh day of the seventh month of the twentieth century, and the fifth day of the month of Elul, and the fifth day of the month of Cheshvan, and the second day of the year.
16: 6 And Ih֗i Cas֤r Sֽmao֙ Cl-a֣oib֔ino and Iֽra֗o Cl-hgoim֙ As֣r Sbֽibt֔ino and Ifl֥o Ma֖d Bainih֑m and I֣da֔o C֚i Ma֣t Alh֔ino Nast֖h Hmlac֥h Hzֽat:
17: 6 G-d's: they were born, and they were not, and they were rebellious, and they were no more than the LORD, and they were the children of the children of Israel, and the people of Israel were in the midst of them.
18: 6 For many of them are in the house of Yahweh, because they are in the house of the tribe of Shebaa, because they are not, because they are the daughters of the sons of Aaron, they are the sons of Aaron, and they are the sons of Aaron, and they are the sons of the sons of Israel, and they are the daughters of the children of Israel, because they are not in their own country.
19: 6 They were good, they were great; they were saying, "He is the son of the sons of Israel," and he said: "Behold, I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will raise my hands."
‪xxxx  Chapter 7   (72 verses)‬
1: 7 And it came to pass, that as it was built, it was built in the breadth of the earth, and the people of the greatness of the generations, and the children of Israel, and the people of the mountains, and the people of the mountains, and the Levites.
2: 7 And I will bring the house of the sons of Hanan, and I will bring it to the children of Israel, for the LORD will bring it to the children of Israel, for it is a sign that there is a woman who is truly innocent, and he feared God.
3: 7 * And he said, ** and Am֣r Lh֗m L֣a Ifֽth֞o Sar֤i Irosl֙m֙ Ad-h֣m Hs֔ms and A֨d H֥m Amd֛im Ig֥ifo Hdlt֖ot and Ah֑zo and Ham֗id Msmrot֙ Isb֣i Irosl֔m A֚is Bmsmr֔o and A֖is N֥gd Bitֽo:
4: 7 And when the clouds were broadened, so was the hand of the children, and they were great, and they were not with them, but they were in their midst, and they were not, but they were not in their children.
5: 7 and It֤n Alhi֙ Al-lb֔i and Akbtz֞h At-hhr֧im and At-hsgn֛im and At-ha֖m Lhtih֑s and ֽamtz֗a S֤fr Hi֙hs֙ Haol֣im Brason֔h and Amtz֖a Ct֥ob Bֽo: P.
6: 7 I am a child; the son of the king is the son of the king; the son of the children is the king of the tribe. He is the captain of the tribe. He is the captain of the tribe of Hegel. He is the son of the king, and the LORD is his servant.
7: 7 Hba֣im Am-zrbb֗l Is֡oa Nhmi֡h A֠zrih Rֽami֨h Nhm֜ni Mrdc֥i Bls֛n Msf֥rt Bgo֖i Nh֣om Ban֑h Msf֕r Ans֖i A֥m Israֽl: S.
8: 7 The children of Pharisees, did they not get up from them, and from them they came to them, and seven hundred, and six hundred;
9: 7 My son, my judges are the ones that have come into being, and they are not the seven, and the seven, and the seven, the nine.
10: 7 Son of man, I saw a hundred forty-six, five hundred, five hundred, five hundred, six hundred, forty-five.
11: 7 Son of the son of Pharah, of Moab, son of Laban, there is a tribe of men, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and of the land of Samaria, the land of Esau.
12: 7 The children of the tribe of Eilam, are they not circumcised, but now they are five hundred and fifty, and they are four hundred.
13: 7 Son, thou hast done it; but it is not, and it hath been taken away from the four hundred four hundred, and five hundred forty-five.
14: 7 My son, O son of Zechariah, I will return to Me, and I will return to you.
15: 7 Son, son, son, son, wife, wife, wife, mother, wife, wife, wife, wife, wife, husband, wife, wife, wife, wife, wife, husband or wife.
16: 7 Son, son, son, son, son, wife, wife, mother, wife, wife, wife, wife, wife, wife, wife, wife, wife, wife, wife, etc.
17: 7 Son of the king, I will return to the house of the father of the tribe of Israel, which is a hundred and twenty-nine.
18: 7 The children of Adonai, the son of Nunik, were six hundred, six hundred, six hundred, six hundred, and six hundred.
19: 7 The children of Israel are in the midst of the greatness of the people, but the people of the land are not afraid, nor are they ashamed of them.
20: 7 Son, there is still a hundred, and six hundred, and fifty, five hundred, and fifty, and five hundred forty-five.
21: 7 The son of the son of Atar, the son of Hazekiah, of whom are the nine hundred, and Shemonah,
22: 7 The children of Heshu, the children of the tribe of Shiloh, were numbered twenty-nine, and their names were eight.
23: 7 The children of the children of Israel, the children of the tribe of Israel, were numbered twenty-nine and twenty four hundred.
24: 7 The children of Israel were burned, and the mountains were burned, and they were burned.
25: 7 The children of Gibeah, Gibeon, and Jonah. [C] Thirteen hundred and fifty-five.
26: 7 I am the son of Benjamin, the son of David, the son of Gath, and of the tribe of Nathopheth: where is the name of Shemon, and the name of Shemonah,
27: 7 I am a man, but thou hast answered me, and I have no more than nine hundred, and I have been appointed to the throne.
28: 7 The people of the house of Azzam were four hundred and four hundred.
29: 7 Behold, the people of Israel have come to the land of the cities, the cities of Kefir, and the cities of Sibath, the cities of Mavath, the cities of Arba'im, and Shilsh.
30: 7 The people of the LORD are the people of the world, and the people of the land of Israel are seven hundred and twenty nine.
31: 7 I am a man of all kinds, so that I am not satisfied with her, and that I am ten;
32: 7 Behold, I am in the house of Elijah, and I will go out, and I will be with thee, and I will not be satisfied with her.
33: 7 The man of the tribe of Nebuchadneh was Aharamar of the fifth day of Cheshvan, and of the year of the year of Cheshvan.
34: 7 The children of the tribe of Eilam, but Ahadar, the descendants of the tribe of Maatham, are now five hundred forty-five, and four hundred forty-four.
35: 7 The children of Israel are strangers, because they have taken up the land of the land of Israel, and the land of Israel.
36: 7 His son, he smote him, and his wife, and his wife, the four wives, four hundred forty-five; and five hundred forty-seven.
37: 7 The sons of the children are David, and David is his son, and his captivity is seven hundred cubits, and nine hundred, and seven hundred.
38: 7 The children of Simeon, the children of Shesh, the tribe of Elph, were of the tribe of Simeon, and of the tribe of Sosheth.
39: 7 And the sons of the sons of the sons of the children of Judah, the children of Judah, the children of Judah, the children of Israel, the inhabitants of the land, the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land.
40: 7 The son of Amor rebuked the children of the tribe of Hesham five hundred and six hundred.
41: 7 The children of Pharisees, the sons of Pharisees, and the descendants of the children of the tribe of Mizpeh, are forty four hundred forty-six.
42: 7 The children of the children of Hareph, the children of the tribe of Shepherah, were made up of four hundred.
43: 7 For they are the sons of the sons of the children of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the Levites, the Levites, the Levites, the Levites, and the Aravaites.
44: 7 The Lord is the one who has sent down the earth, and the son of the LORD is not. As for the people of the land, the land of Israel is four hundred and forty-nine.
45: 7 The children of the children of the tribe of Shiloh returned to the land of Israel, the sons of Israel, and the sons of Israel, the sons of Israel, the sons of Israel, the descendants of the sons of Israel, the descendants of the sons of Israel, the sons of Israel, the descendants of the sons of Israel, the inhabitants of the tribe of Israel, the inhabitants of the land of Israel.
46: 7 The children of Zechariah were married to the sons of Hashib, but they were not sons;
47: 7 The sons of Kirus, the sons of Siena, are sons;
48: 7 The sons of Liban, the sons of Haggab, the son of Ahadiah, were they not.
49: 7 The children of Hanan, the sons of Gedol, were sons of Gath another.
50: 7 The children of my eyes are the children of the children of the land;
51: 7 The sons of Gazam, the sons of Uzza, are not sons;
52: 7 The children of Basse, the sons of Maon, the sons of Maon, the sons of Nephthias, the Nephushites, the Nefeshites,
53: 7 The sons of Baqab, the son of Zuk, the son of Hikopah, the son of Nihai, the son of Harekh, of Zor.
54: 7 The sons of Bezalel, the sons of the children, are not of Meida, they are not sons;
55: 7 The sons of Barak are the sons of the sons of Sisi, and they are not the children of the children of Israel.
56: 7 A son, a son, a son of a son, a son of a son;
57: 7 My son, O servant of mine, is the son of Sutah, the son of Sopath, the daughter of the son of David.
58: 7 The children of the children of Israel are the sons of David, and the sons of the children of Gedol.
59: 7 My children, my judges, are the children of the sons of Hittel, the son of the sons of Israel, the people of the tribe of Zechariah, the sons of Israel;
60: 7 All the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel were servants of the servants of the tribe of Solomon, and they were saved, and they were saved.
61: 7 And the children of the children of Israel, the children of the tribe of Mordecai, were in the midst of the wilderness, and the people of Israel were in a state of mourning, and they were not able to go into the house of their fathers, and they were thirsty, but they were not of their own accord, but they were not.
62: 7 The children of Delai, the sons of Toby, the sons of Nebuchadne, the sons of Nekudah, the cities of Shesh, the cities of Maalot, and Arba'im, and Shesh-yen.
63: 7 And the sons of Hachamah, the sons of the sons of Israel, loved the children of the sons of Israel, and the sons of Israel, the sons of Israel, the sons of Israel, the sons of Israel, the descendants of Israel, the people of Israel, the Levites, the Levites, the Levites, and the Levites.
64: 7 They asked thee, saying, Behold, they have written, and they have not given up; and they have not been saved, nor have they been saved;
65: 7 And the Lord said unto the Lord, Thou shalt not be satisfied; for they are not, but they shall not be consumed; they shall not be consumed, and they shall not be consumed, but they shall not be consumed, and they shall be destroyed.
66: 7 All the children of Israel, like any other, quarreled, and went up against them, three hundred and six hundred, and six men.
67: 7 M֠lbd Abdih֤m and Amhֽtihm֙ A֔lh Sba֣t Alf֔im Sl֥s Ma֖ot Sls֣im and Sba֑h and Lh֗m Msֽrrim֙ and Ms֣rr֔ot Mat֖im and Arba֥im and Hmsֽh: S.
68: 7 And the people of Arbatha were afraid of the women of the tribe of Shilshim, and of Hamsah, of Hesham, of Husham, of Sheshath, of Elaph, of Sibah, of Mahathath, and of Asharoth.
69: 7 and Mktzt֙ Ras֣i Hֽab֔ot Ntn֖o Lmlac֑h Htrs֜ta Nt֣n Laotz֗r Zh֞b Drcmn֥im A֙lf֙ Mzrk֣ot Hms֔im Ctnot֙ Cֽhn֔im Sls֖im and Hm֥s Maֽot:
70: 7 And from the beginning of the Lord, the Lord is the Father, the Father, the Father, the Son, the Son of the Son, the Father, the Father, and the Father, and the Father, and the Father, and the Father, and the Father, and the Father.
71: 7 And when they were given, the remnant remained the people;
72: 7 and Isb֣o Hchn֣im and Hloi֡m and Hsoarim֩ and Hmsrr֨im and Mn-ha֧m and Hntin֛im and Cl-isra֖l Barih֑m and Iga֙ Hh֣ds Hsbia֔i and Bn֥i Isra֖l Barihֽm:
‪xxxx  Chapter 8   (18 verses)‬
1: 8 and Iasf֤o Cl-ham֙ Ca֣is Ah֔d Al-h֣rh֔ob As֖r Lfn֣i Sֽar-hm֑im and Iֽamro֙ Lazr֣a Hsf֔r Lhb֗ia At-s֙fr֙ Tor֣t Ms֔h Asr-tzo֥h Iho֖h At-israֽl:
2: 8 ויב֣יאא עזז֣ר֣ה ה֠ה֠כהּה אן הֽתּֽת-הת-הה֞ה֞ה֞ה לפפננ֤י הקקָּּלּ֙ל מ֣א֣שׁש ושְע-אש-אש֔ש֔ה וְה֖ל מּל מל מ מֵבּ֣ש לִ לִם לששממ בי בְּי֥י֥ם אחח֖ה֖ה לחח֥ש֥ש הַש הַש הַשֽשֽה::
3: 8 and Ikra-bo֩ Lfn֨i Hrh֜ob As֣r | Lfn֣i Sֽar-hm֗im Mn-haor֙ Ad-mhtz֣it Hi֔om N֛gd Hans֥im and Hns֖im and Hmbin֑im and Azn֥i Cl-ha֖m Al-s֥fr Htorֽh:
4: 8 and ֽiam֞d Azr֣a Hsf֗r Aֽl-mgdl-atz֮ As֣r As֣o Ldbr֒ and Iֽam֣d Atzl֡o Mtti֡h and S֡ma and ֠anih and Aori֧h and Hlki֛h and Masi֖h Al-imin֑o and Msmal֗o F֠dih and Mֽisa֧l and Mlci֛h and Hs֥m and Hsbd֖nh Zcri֥h Mslֽm: P.
5: 8 And the king of Ezerah came to the throne of the tribe of Zein, wherewithin all the children of Israel were, so that all the people of the land were there, and the people of the land were there, and their people were full of them.
6: 8 And the son of Ezer brought forth the LORD, the LORD, the God, the greatest of the children, and the people of Israel, and all the people of the nation. Amen. Amen. Amen. I have faith in their children, because they are in their hands, and they have been sanctified, and they have given their lives to the LORD, even though they are not in their midst.
7: 8 and Is֡oa and Bn֡i and Sr֥bi֣h | [C] [c] Im֡in Ak֡ob Sbt֣i | Hֽodi֡h Masi֡h Klit֣a Azrih֩ Iozb֨d Hn֤n Flaih֙ and Hloi֔m Mbin֥im At-ha֖m Ltor֑h and Ha֖m Al-amdֽm:
8: 8 And he called the Scripture, saying, Bassephor, in the word of God, that it is not from the mouth of the furnace, and that it was made by them, and that it was made by them, and they brought us forth in the morning,
9: 8 and I֣amr Nhmi֣h H֣oa Htrs֡ta and Azr֣a Hch֣n | Hsf֡r and Hloim֩ Hmbin֨im At-ha֜m Lcl-ha֗m Hi֤om Kdֽs-hoa֙ Liho֣h Alhic֔m Al-tֽtabl֖o and Al-tbc֑o C֤i Bocim֙ Cl-ha֔m Csma֖m At-dbr֥i Htorֽh:
10: 8 and I֣amr Lh֡m Lco֩ Acl֨o Msmn֜im and St֣o Mֽmtk֗im and Slh֤o Mnot֙ La֣in Nc֣on L֔o Cֽi-kd֥os Hi֖om Ladn֑ino and Al-t֣atz֔bo Cֽi-hdo֥t Iho֖h H֥ia Mֽazcֽm:
11: 8 And the men of Meshech returned to all the people, saying to them, "Behold, the people of the land are holy, and they are not holy, nor shall they be oppressed."
12: 8 And all the people of the house went to eat, and they went to the house, and to the men of Israel, and to the greatness of the women, and to the greatness of their gladness, and to the greatness of their gladness, and to the greatness of the children;
13: 8 And the sons of the old men were gathered together, the chief of them, the father, and the fathers of all the men, so that the sons of the sons of Israel were with them, and they came to them, unto the people of Israel, and to the land of Israel, and to the land of Israel, to the land of the LORD.
14: 8 And when the children of the Torah were found, they went to the house of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Savior, the LORD, and the LORD.
15: 8 and As֣r Ism֗iao and Iab֨iro K֥ol Bcl-arihm֮ and Birosl֣m Lamr֒ Tza֣o Hh֗r and Hb֙iao֙ Ali-z֙it֙ and Ali-a֣tz S֔mn and Al֤i Hds֙ and Al֣i Tmr֔im and Al֖i A֣tz Ab֑t Las֥t Sc֖t Cctֽob: P.
16: 8 and Itza֣o Ham֮ and Ibiao֒ and Iaso֩ Lh֨m Sc֜ot A֤is Al-ggo֙ and Bhtzr֣tih֔m and Bhtzr֖ot B֣it Halh֑im and Brhob֙ S֣ar Hm֔im and Brh֖ob S֥ar Afrֽim:
17: 8 and Iֽas֣o Cֽl-h֠khl Hsb֨im Mn-hsb֥i | Scot֮ and Isb֣o Bscot֒ C֣i Lֽa-as֡o Mimi֩ Is֨oa Bn-n֥on Cn֙ Bn֣i Isra֔l A֖d Hi֣om Hh֑oa and Th֥i Smh֖h Gdol֥h Maֽd:
18: 8 and ֠ikra Bs֨fr Tor֤t Halhim֙ I֣om | Bi֔om Mn-hiom֙ Hֽras֔on A֖d Hi֣om Hahr֑on and Iֽaso-hg֙ Sba֣t Im֔im and Bi֧om Hsmin֛i Atz֖rt Cmsfֽt: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 9   (37 verses)‬
1: 9 And on the tenth day of the ninth day of the twentieth century, and upon the fourteenth day of the month of Cheshvan, the people of Israel went on, saying, "Behold, I will bring them to the land, and I will bring them to the land."
2: 9 And the children of the tribe of Zechariah said, "The children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the sons of Israel, and the people of Israel.
3: 9 And they went to the house of the tribe of Ammon, and they were still, and they were called unto the LORD, in the midst of the Torah, the LORD, the LORD, the God, the God of them, the fourfold, the four hundred, and four hundred, and four hundred, and four hundred, and four hundred, and four hundred.
4: 9 ויא֜ק עק עם עֽל-מל-מֽע֣ל֣ה הללוו֗י֗ם ים֨ה֨הללוו֗י ל יי֖ה֨ה֨ה אללויֽיֽם֜ם קדדממ֧י֧ל שם שׁבננ֛י֛י בה בננ֥י שי שׁרְב֖י֖ה בה בננ֣י כי כננ֑נִיי וֽיִּזֲעקוקו בְּּק֣וּל גּד א גב֔ל אל-יל-יהוְהו אֱלההֽהֽםםם.
5: 9 and Iamr֣o Hloi֡m Is֣oa and ֠kdmial Bn֨i Hsbni֜h Srֽbi֤h Hֽodih֙ Sbni֣h Ftֽhi֔h K֗omo Brco֙ At-iho֣h Alֽhic֔m Mn-haol֖m Ad-haol֑m and Ibֽrco֙ S֣m Cbod֔c and Mrom֥m Al-cl-brc֖h and Thlֽh:
6: 9 Ath-h֣oa Ihoh֮ Lbdc֒ * The ** At֣h As֡it Aֽt-hsmim֩ Sm֨i Hsm֜im and Cl-tzba֗m Ha֜rtz and Cl-as֤r Al֙ih֙ Himim֙ and Cl-as֣r Bh֔m and At֖h Mhi֣h At-cl֑m and Tzb֥a Hsm֖im Lc֥ Msthoֽim:
7: 9 Thou art the Lord, O God, O God, and the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Father, the Son of the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, and the Son of the Father.
8: 9 Mtz֣at At-lbbo֮ Nam֣n Lfnic֒ and Cr֨ot Am֜o Hbr֗it Lt֡t At-artz֩ Hcnan֨i Hht֜i Hamr֧i and Hfrz֛i and Hibos֥i and Hgrgs֖i Lt֣t Lzra֑o and T֙km֙ At-dbr֔ic C֥i Tzd֖ik Aֽth:
9: 9 And thou shalt reprove me: thou hast brought us in Egypt, and thou shalt cry for them, for they have gone astray to the people of Sosaph;
10: 9 And thou hast given it to him, and he hath taken it in his mouth, and it is in all his works, and in all things he hath made him, that he may be with thee, and that thou shalt bring him forth: for they have given him up against them, and they have done unto thee, that is their name, so that they may be their enemies.
11: 9 And the people of Baquba came before them, and they came to them in the midst of them, and they were in their captivity, and they brought their wrath to them, because they had consumed them in abundance, as they did in the children of the land.
12: 9 And when the people were with them, they were destroyed, but they were not yet with the people of Judah, but they were not able to cast fire upon them, but they destroyed the land of the land.
13: 9 And the children of Har-Sinai, the children of Jahr, the sons of Judah, and the sons of David, were with them, and their families were there, and they were still in captivity, and they were not in captivity.
14: 9 And you shall return to your holy places, and they shall be filled with thanksgiving. [U] And they shall be victorious, and they shall be victorious, and they shall be victorious, and they shall be victorious, and they shall be given to them, because they are the servants of Moses.
15: 9 and ֠lhm Msm֜im Nt֤th Lhm֙ Lrab֔m and M֗im Ms֛la Hotz֥at Lh֖m Ltzma֑m and T֣amr Lh֗m Lboa֙ Lr֣st At-ha֔rtz Asr-ns֥at At-idc֖ Lt֥t Lhֽm:
16: 9 And they and their fathers brought him down, besieged him, and besought them, and cursed them, and he did not hear, saying, "Do not go to Me.
17: 9 and Iman֣o Lsm֗a and La-zcr֤o Nflat֙ic֙ As֣r As֣it Amh֔m and Ikso֙ At-arf֔m and Itno-r֛as Ls֥ob Labdt֖m Bmri֑m and Ath֩ Al֨oh Slih֜ot Hn֧on and Rh֛om Aֽrc-af֥im and Rb- * and Grace ** H֖sd [y] and L֥a Azbtֽm:
18: 9 And if the people of the land of Israel were with them, they would go to the land of Israel, and they would return to their land, and they would return to their land, and they would return to their land, and the land of Israel would be destroyed.
19: 9 and Ath֙ Brhm֣ic Hֽrb֔im L֥a Azbt֖m Bmdb֑r At-am֣od H֠ann La-s֨r Malih֤m Biomm֙ Lhnht֣m Bhd֔rc and At-am֨od Ha֤s Bl֙ilh֙ Lha֣ir Lh֔m and At-hd֖rc As֥r Iֽlco-bֽh:
20: 9 And thy spirit is the thorn of the LORD, that thou hast given to them, and that thou shalt not lift up their men; and they shall not lift their mouths from them, and they shall not be given to them, but they shall not be thirsty.
21: 9 And the four hundred men that were destroyed, all of them, were in the wilderness, but they were not afraid; they were not filled with bread; they were not with them, and their feet were gone, but they were not in their desire.
22: 9 And the two of them came to them, and they went out of the house, and the people were gone, and they took them away, because they were with them, and they were not with them, and they were not with them, and they were not in the land of the sea, and they were not in the land of the land, but they were in the land of the land, and the land of the land.
23: 9 And in their sons they rebuked them, as they did in the morning, and brought them up to the land, which the mother gave to their fathers, and to them they were not.
24: 9 and Ib֤ao Hbnim֙ and Iֽirs֣o At-ha֔rtz and Tcn֨a Lfnih֜m At-isb֤i Ha֙rtz֙ Hcn֣an֔im and ֽttn֖m Bid֑m and At-mlcihm֙ and At-aֽmm֣i Ha֔rtz Las֥ot Bh֖m Crtzonֽm:
25: 9 and ֽilcd֞o Ar֣im Btzrot֮ and Adm֣h Smnh֒ and Iֽirs֡o Bt֣im Mlֽaim-cl-t֠ob Br֨ot Htzob֜im Crm֧im and Zit֛im and A֥tz Mac֖l Lr֑b and Iacl֤o and ֽisbao֙ and Ism֔ino and Iֽtadn֖o Btobc֥ Hgdֽol:
26: 9 and Imr֨o and ֽimrd֜o B֗c and Isl֤co At-torֽtc֙ Ahr֣i Go֔m and At-nbia֣ic Hr֔go Asr-ha֥ido B֖m Lhsib֣m Al֑ic and ֽias֔o Natz֖ot Gdolֽt:
27: 9 and ֽttnm֙ Bi֣d Tzֽrih֔m and Itz֖ro Lh֑m and Ba֤t Tzֽrtm֙ Itzak֣o Al֔ic and Ath֙ Msm֣im Tsm֔a and ֽcrhm֣ic Hֽrb֗im Tt֤n Lhm֙ Mֽosia֔im and Iosia֖om Mi֥d Tzrihֽm:
28: 9 and Cn֣oh Lh֔m Is֕obo Las֥ot R֖a Lfn֑ic and Tֽazb֞m Bi֤d Aֽibihm֙ and Ird֣o Bh֔m and Is֙obo֙ and Izak֔oc and At֞h Msm֧im Tsm֛a and Ttzil֥m Cֽrhm֖ic Rb֥ot Atֽim:
29: 9 and T֨ad Bh֜m Lhsib֣m Al-tort֗c and H֨mh Hz֜ido and La-sma֤o Lmtzoֺt֙ic֙ and Bmsft֣ic Hֽtao-b֔m Asr-ias֥h Ad֖m and Hi֣h Bh֑m and Itn֤o Ctf֙ Sor֔rt and Arf֥m Hks֖o and L֥a Smֽao:
30: 9 And their wives went up against them; they were many, and many of them were in your spirit, but in the hands of your children, and they did not give us strength. And you gave them food, because the people of the land were with you.
31: 9 And in the spirit of thy spirit thou shalt not be afraid; but I will not do anything to them: neither shall I go away, but I will not be with you, neither shall I be jealous of you, nor shall I be angry with you.
32: 9 and At֣h A֠lhino Ha֨l Hgd֜ol Hgb֣or and Hnora֮ Som֣r Hbr֣it and Hhsd֒ Al-ima֣t Lfn֡ic A֣t Cl-htla֣h Aֽsr-m֠tzatno Lmlc֨ino Lsr֧ino and Lchn֛ino and Lnbia֥no and Labt֖ino and Lcl-am֑c Mimi֙ Mlc֣i As֔or A֖d Hi֥om Hzֽh:
Verse 33: 9 And thou shalt be the captain of all the children of the children;
34: 9 And we shall make a covenant with you, that is, our servants, and our fathers, and do not do it for your Torah, and it is not hard for your heart to turn into your heart, but to your heart, and to your eyes, to your eyes, that is the light of the witness.
35: 9 and H֣m Bmlcotm֩ and Btobc֨ Hr֜b Asr-nt֣t Lh֗m and Ba֨rtz Hrhb֧h and Hsmn֛h Asr-nt֥t Lfnih֖m L֣a Abd֑oc and ֽla-s֔bo Mmֽallih֖m Hraֽim:
36: 9 Behold, we have given strength to the children of Israel, and the land which we have given to our fathers, to eat the fruit and the goodness of it, for it is our covenant, and we have given it to us;
Verse 37: 9 And thou shalt be satisfied with it, that it is a multiplication of it unto the kings, that which we have given up in our sins, and in our hearts, and in our hearts, they have not given up, and have given their hearts to them, as their desire is, and in the flesh of greatness.
‪xxxx  Chapter 10   (40 verses)‬
1: 10 And in all that we have made a covenant with us, so that we may not believe, and that we shall die, and that we shall not be ashamed;
2: 10 And the children of Hatham, the sons of Nehemiah, were the sons of Hachachalai, the son of Hachalai, the son of Zach, and Zadikiah of Nazareth.
3: 10 My ministers, my enemies, have mercy on me;
4: 10 And he said unto them, Say, I say unto thee, Bless thee,
5: 10 Thou shalt be satisfied with my captives;
6: 10 They shall not lift up their vineyards, but they shall be with me.
7: 10 Dan, I beg thee unto the vineyard, and the rod,
8: 10 He who is with them, is his father, and he is his mother.
9: 10 מֽעֽעזיי֥֥ה בללגגּ֖֖י שׁממֽֽעיי֑֑ה א֖֖לּּה הככההננֽם: ס
10: 10 And these are my children, and there is none other than the son of Esannah, because they are of me, because of the children of the children of Hanan, because of the children of Kedemiah.
11: 10 And her brethren, who were captivated by her, were the children of the tribe of Zephaniah, Phleai, Hanan, and Hanan.
12: 10 Wherefore thou shalt be satisfied, and thou shalt be satisfied with her.
13: 10 Thou shalt remember that it is sullen unto him, that her servants shall return to her.
14: 10 Behold, the children of the children of Israel are sons of Israel;
15: 10 The chief of the people, the people of Pharaoh, Pharaoh, the people of the tribe of Moab, are on their way, but they are not worthy of us.
16: 10 Build up my son, O son of my son.
17: 10 Adonai said: Behold, there are many.
18: 10 And the son of Zeraih, the son of Azzur;
19: 10 Behold, Huda is the son of Heshu, because they are my children.
20: 10 Hari'yim, the son of Nunath, the son of Nubi, Nebijah.
21: 10 מגגפיעיע֥ש מ מששּׁל֖ל֖ם ח חזזֽֽֽר::
22: 10 From the one who brought up the side of the rod, he brought forth the hand of the LORD.
23:10 Blessed are the children of Hanan;
24: 10 Behold, I will make you happy;
25: 10 Thou shalt bring forth the spoil;
26: 10 The wind is gone, and the people of the earth have returned to it, and they have done what they do.
27: 10 And Ahijah, the son of Hanan, was the son of Anan.
28: 10 מ֥ל֥֥וּך ח ח֖ר֖֖ם בעענֽאֽהה:
29: 10 Sa֣r Ha֡m Hchn֣im H֠loim Hsoar֨im Hmsrr֜im Hntin֗im and ֽcl-hnbd֞l Mam֤i Hartzot֙ Al-tor֣t Halh֔im Nsih֖m Bnih֣m and Bntih֑m C֖l Iod֥a Mbֽin:
30: 10 Mhzik֣im Al-ahihm֮ Adirihm֒ and Ba֞im Bal֣h and Bsboa֗h Ll֙ct֙ Btor֣t Halh֔im As֣r Ntn֔h Bi֖d Ms֣h Aֽbd-hֽalh֑im and Lsm֣or and Las֗ot At-cl-mtzoֺt֙ LORD Adn֔ino and Msft֖io and Hkֽio:
31: 10 And when the children of Israel were not given to us, they were not with us, neither was the land, nor their sons, but they were not, nor were they taken to our sons.
32: 10 Am֣i Ha֡rtz Hֽmbiaim֩ At-hmkh֨ot and Cl-s֜br Bi֤om Hsbt֙ Lmc֔or La-nk֥h Mh֛m Bsb֖t and Bi֣om K֑ds and Nt֛s At-hsn֥h Hsbia֖it and Ms֥a Cl-iֽd:
33: 10 And the men of the children of Israel went up against us, and the commandment of the children of Israel came to pass over us, the three women of the tribe of Israel, who were in the midst of the old age, to worship, but the people of God were with us.
34: 10 Ll֣hm Hֽmar֡ct and Mnh֣t Htm֣id and Laol֣t H֠tmid Hsbt֨ot Hhds֜im Lmoad֗im and Lkdsim֙ and L֣hta֔ot Lcf֖r Al-isra֑l and C֖l Ml֥act Bit-alhֽino: S.
35: 10 Hgorl֨ot Hf֜lno Al-krb֣n Hatz֗im Hchn֣im Hloim֮ and Ham֒ L֠hbia Lb֨it Alh֧ino Lbit-abt֛ino Lat֥im Mzmn֖im Sn֣h Bsn֑h Lba֗r Al-mzbh֙ LORD Alh֔ino Cct֖ob Btorֽh:
36: 10 And thou shalt bring the cry of the children of Israel: for thou hast given it to him, and they have blessed all the fruit of all the trees that were planted in her sleep, to the house of Yahweh.
37: 10 And the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel, and of the children of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel.
38: 10 At-ras֣it Arist֣ino and ֠tromtino and Fr֨i Cl-a֜tz Tir֣os and Itzh֗r Nb֤ia Lchnim֙ Al-lsc֣ot Bit-alh֔ino and Mas֥r Admt֖no Lloi֑m and Hm֙ Hloi֔m Hֽmasr֔im Bc֖l Ar֥i Abdtֽno:
39: 10 And it came to pass, that they were with them, that they were with them, that they were with them, that they did not do anything, and that they did not do it, but they did not do anything.
40: 10 C֣i Al-h֠lscot Ib֨iao Bni-isra֜l and Bn֣i Hlo֗i At-trom֣t Hdgn֮ Htir֣os and Hitzhr֒ and Sm֙ Cl֣i Hmkd֔s and Hchnim֙ Hms֣rt֔im and Hsoar֖im and Hmsrr֑im and L֥a Naz֖b At-b֥it Alhֽino:
‪xxxx  Chapter 11   (36 verses)‬
1: 11 and Isb֥o Srֽi-ha֖m Birosl֑m and Sa֣r H֠am Hf֨ilo Gorl֜ot Lhb֣ia | Ah֣d Mn-hasr֗h Ls֙bt֙ Bֽirosl֙m֙ A֣ir Hk֔ds and T֥sa Hid֖ot Barֽim:
2: 11 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not be satisfied; for the LORD hath given it unto thee;
3: 11 A֙lh֙ Ras֣i Hmdin֔h As֥r Isb֖o Birosl֑m and Bar֣i Ihod֗h Iֽsb֞o A֤is Bahzto֙ Ba֣rih֔m Isra֤l Hchnim֙ and Hloi֣m and Hntin֔im and Bn֖i Abd֥i Slmֽh:
4: 11 Bֽirosl֙m֙ Iֽsb֔o Mbn֥i Ihod֖h and Mbn֣i Bnim֑n Mbn֣i I֠hodh Ati֨h Bn-azi֜h Bn-zcri֧h Bn-amri֛h Bn-sfti֥h Bn-mhlla֖l Mbni-fֽrtz:
5: 11 And the sons of Baz, son of Bare, were all the sons of Hazaiah, the son of Benadai, son of Joar, the son of Zerah, the son of Shilon,
6:11 All the children of the tribe of the Levites are in Yerushalayim, but they shall not be angry; they shall not be afraid; and they shall be ashamed; and they shall be filled with men.
7:11 And the sons of Neriah, son of Benjamin, said to them, "Behold, son of David, son of David, son of David, son of David, son of Shapiro, son of Maasai, son of Elisha, son of Jeshai, of Sidaiah, of Judah."
8: 11 And after him he turned up a mighty man, and he was with him;
9:11 And the son of Zechariah remembered him, saying, Behold, they have gone up with them, and Jehovah is the son of the son of Susannah, who is over the land of Nazareth.
10:11 Wherefore are the children of the children of Israel, the son of Jior?
11: 11 My servants, son of Hilkiah, son of Mishal, son of Zadok, son of Merioth, son of Ahit, the captain of the tribe of GOD, the LORD of hosts.
12: 11 Ahih֗m As֤i Hmlach֙ Lb֔it Smn֥h Ma֖ot Asr֣im and Sn֑im and ֠adih Bn-irh֤m Bn-fllih֙ Bn-amtz֣i Bn-zcri֔h Bn-fsh֖or Bn-mlciֽh:
13:11 And his brethren, the chief of the men, came to the father, and now they were born, and they were four hundred years old. And the son of Azazah, the son of Ahaz, the son of Ahaz, was the son of Meshal, the son of Amor.
14: 11 And their brethren, the mighty men of Galilee, were nine hundred and twenty, and they were numbered, and they were numbered, and they went up to them, Zebadiah, and the son of Haggadol,
15: 11 And the son of Heshai, the son of Hesham, the son of Zeraih, the son of Zeraih, the son of Heshba, the son of Beshon.
16: 11 And he sat down, and went up to the house of the cattle, and he said to the king, "Behold, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD."
17: 11 Mtni֣h Bn-m֠ich Bn-zbd֨i Bn-as֜f R֗as Hthlh֙ Ihod֣h Ltfl֔h and Bkbki֖h Msn֣h Mah֑io and Abda֙ Bn-sm֔oa Bn-gl֖l Bn- * Iditon ** Idotֽon:
18:11 All the Levites are in the midst of the thorns of the thorns, and they are now in heaven, and they have been kept silent.
19: 11 And when the men of the tribe of Israel were gathered, the people of Israel, and their brethren, were there, and they were kept alive in the wilderness, because they were not satisfied, and they had been destroyed.
20:11 And the children of Israel went up against the priests, the Levites, in all the cities of Yahweh, but there was no man in his inheritance.
21: 11 And the men of the tribe of Israel shall dwell in the midst of darkness, and the fire of the fire, and of the dry grass, even of the trees.
22: 11 And the children of the sons of the God, the sons of God, are not in the house of God, nor are they in the house of God, but of the children of God, and not of the children of the sons of God, nor of the sons of God.
23:11 When the people of Mezu'el came to you, they went up against them, and they believed in them, that they did not go down, saying, "Behold, I will do them in his own way."
24: 11 And the son of Yahweh, the son of the son of Moses, was brought forth from the sons of Zechariah the son of Yahweh, so that he might return to the house of all the people of the land of Labam.
25: 11 And unto the children of Hesharim in their fields, because of them, son of Yahweh, Yahweh, is he that dwelt in the house of the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, the sons of Israel, and the sons of Israel, and the sons of Israel, and the sons of Israel, and the sons of Israel, and the sons of Israel.
26: 11 And there was a son, and a son, and a son, and a son;
27: 11 And in the midst of the sabbath, the son of Laban rebuked the children of Sheba, and built them up.
28: 11 And the son of the king came to the king, and to her sons, and to her sons, to her.
29: 11 And in the midst of the mountains of Zion, and in the wilderness, and on the south side of the land;
30: 11 And the sons of Adon, the sons of Zachariah, were the Levites, the inhabitants of the land of Israel, the descendants of Azzak, the sons of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel, because of the land of the land of Ad-Gaiya, where they lived.
31:11 And the sons of Benjamin, the sons of the children of the tribe of Israel, came to the land of Israel, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they built them.
32: 11 Thou hast answered, O Lord, I am with thee;
33: 11 And behold, thou shalt have mercy on the LORD.
34: 11 Thou shalt not go astray;
35: 11 Lo! Behold, he came to him, and he went to the wilderness, and to Saad.
36:11 And the men of the Levites were the Mahlukites, the sons of Jehudah, the sons of Labanim, and the children of Phineh.
‪xxxx  Chapter 12   (47 verses)‬
1: 12 And it came to pass, that they were the thieves, and the men of the tribe of Asar, the son of Shilath, the son of Shilathiah, was there, and there was a multitude of people, that were my people, that they raised up the land of Ezerah.
2: 12 If I say unto thee, Thou shalt go down, thou shalt not be ashamed.
3: 12 Thou shalt let them lie;
4: 12 And when the children of Gannath came to him, their father came to him.
5:12 Who is the Lord of the heavens?
6: 12 My name is My Lord, and I will give light to my children.
7: 12 And the people of the people of Israel, the people of the Chaldeans, the sons of Israel, the children of Israel, the chief of Israel, the sons of the Canaanites, and their brethren, were in the midst of the land.
8: 12 And those who are with me, there are those who have come before me, that are holy to them, that are close to the people of the LORD, Yahweh, the LORD of hosts, the children of Israel, the children of Judah, the children of Judah, and of his brethren.
9: 12 And he blessed them; and they answered them; and they went back to them;
10: 12 And there was a time when the people of the world were afraid of them, and the people of the land were there, and the people of the land were there, and the people of the land were turned away, and the people were turning away from Yahweh.
11: 12 And he knew that he had given birth to Jonah, and they were there, and they had given birth to the hand of the LORD.
12: 12 And in the days of the LORD, the children of Israel, were they, as they were, the sons of the sons of Israel, the sons of Israel, the children of Israel, the inhabitants of Israel, the inhabitants of Israel, the inhabitants of the land of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel.
13: 12 To Lazarus, I am not satisfied with them, saying, "Tell me, O Jehohanan."
14: 12 To the kings of the kings: Come to me, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
15: 12 To them they are still, but they are not to be seen;
16: 12 * To Adia, to Zedekah, remember my memory, to the garden of Zion, from their captivity.
17: 12 To the Father, remember, remember, I pray to you, that I may not be numbered for my promises, but I will not let you down.
18: 12 Blessed are they that have gone astray, because they have heard me, and they are not.
19: 12 And Laierib, the son of Mattan, rejoice in the hand of the children of Israel;
20: 12 And he said unto Saul, Behold, thou shalt not go down;
21: 12 Thou shalt not give it to those who hold it;
22: 12 The Levites are in the midst of the day, and the people of Yashid, Yehonaim, and Jehohanan, were there, and they came to the house of the chief of the house, and the chief of the people was not in the house of the LORD, but the children of Israel were in the midst of the kingship of the house of the children of the tribe of Pharisees.
23: 12 My son, my son, my son, my father, my father, my father, my father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your grandfather! "
24: 12 Ras֣i H֠loim Hsbi֨h Sֽrbi֜h and Is֤oa Bn-kdmial֙ and Ahih֣m Lngd֔m Lhl֣l Lhod֔ot Bmtzo֖t Do֣id Ais-halh֑im Msm֖r Lam֥t Msmֽr:
25: 12 מתתּנ֧י֧֧הּּבְּבּֽוֽק֛֛֛ה עבבדדיי֥֥ה מששּׁלּ֖ל֖ם ט טלל֣מ֣ו֣ן עקקּ֑ב שב שׁׁמ֤ר֤֤ם שֽוֹוֹועערר֙ים֙מששֵּמ֔֔ר בּּאסספּפּ֖֖י הששְּּעעררֽֽם:
26: 12 I am with you in the midst of the children of Joachim, son of Yissam, son of Yoshad, who was born in the days of Nehemiah, the son of Zephaniah, and Azar, the son of the son of Heshon, the son of Shapiro.
27: 12 Bhnc֞t Hom֣t Irosl֗m Bks֤o At-hloim֙ Mcl-mk֣omt֔m Lhbia֖m Lֽirosl֑m Las֨t Hnc֤h and Smhh֙ and Btod֣ot and Bs֔ir Mtzlt֖im Nbl֥im and Bcnrֽot:
28: 12 And the children of Israel, who were sent down to the land, were given the inheritance, and the land of the land was round about, and the banks of Jerusalem were in their place, and they were not in charge of the land.
29: 12 And the house of the Gilegals, and of the tribe of Gathbua, and of Azzam, were there, because they were under siege, because they had built their houses, and they were destroyed, and the mountains were not round about, and the hills of Jerusalem were deserted.
30: 12 And the sons of the sons of the Kohath, the sons of the Kohath, and the Levites, went out, and took away the tabernacle, and the gate, and the wall of the wall.
31: 12 And O God, behold, thou shalt bring forth the LORD, O LORD, that he may be circumcised, and he and the people of Israel, that have been numbered of greatness, and greatness, and they have been blessed, and have given them to the right hand, and they have not gone to heaven, but they have been afraid of the fire of the sorcerer.
32: 12 And their descendants followed them, and the people of Israel were defeated, and the people of Israel were destroyed.
33: 12 And they returned to Me, and helped them, and they did not return to them.
34: 12 Yahweh, the son of Benjamin, is the son of Solomon, and the Lord of the heavens, the Lord of the earth, and the Lord of the heavens.
35: 12 And the sons of the sons of the sons of Zechariah, in the midst of the children of Zechariah, the sons of Shemanath, the son of Shemaiah, the son of Mattaniah, the son of Michaiah, the son of Zachor, the son of Asaph;
36: 12 And he said unto him, Behold, there is a sword of God, and there is no god but God, and the Lord is the Lord, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
37: 12 And upon the sabbath of the children of Israel, they went up, and went up against them, and they rose up, and they went up, and went up to them, and they went up to the house of the LORD, and they went up to them, and the children of Israel went up to them, and the children of Israel went to the house of David.
38: 12 And the second day was revealed, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and after that, it came to pass, and it came to pass away, to the house of the LORD, from above, to the west, to the south, to the south, to the south, to the south.
39: 12 Ma֣l Lsֽar-a֠frim and Al-s֨ar Hisn֜h and Al-s֣ar Hdg֗im and Mgd֤l Hnnal֙ and Mgd֣l Hma֔h and A֖d S֣ar Htz֑an [Q] [k] and A֣md֔o Bs֖ar Hmtrֽh:
40: 12 And Thamad, the daughter of Adonath, sat in the midst of the house of the LORD, and they were not, and the people were with them, and the people were not with them.
41: 12 And the sons of Elijah did not do what they did: they were not counted among them, but they were not with us, but they remembered me, behold, they were wise to me in the midst of the fire.
42: 12 And he did that which was done to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to me, and to me, and to me, and to them, and to them, and to them, and to them, and to them, and to the wicked, and to the wicked, and to the wicked, and to the wicked, and to the wicked.
43: 12 Izbh֣o Biom-h֠hoa Zbh֨im Gdol֜im and Ism֗ho C֤i Halhim֙ Smhm֙ Smh֣h Gdol֔h and G֧m Hns֛im and Hild֖im Sm֑ho and Tsm֛a Smh֥t Irosl֖m Mrhֽok:
44: 12 Ifkd֣o Biom֩ Hh֨oa Ans֜im Al-hnsc֗ot La֨otzr֥ot Ltromot֮ Lras֣it and Lmֽasrot֒ Lcn֨os Bh֜m Lsd֤i Harim֙ Mna֣ot Htor֔h Lchn֖im and Lloi֑m C֚i Smh֣t Ihod֔h Al-hchn֥im and Al-hloi֖m Hamdֽim:
45: 12 And he went on, saying, 'Surely, I am the Lord of the heavens, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.'
46: 12 When the Lord, the Son of the Lord, gave birth to the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the World, and the Lord of the worlds,
47: 12 Cl-isral֩ Bim֨i Zrbb֜l and Bim֣i Nhmi֗h Nֽtn֛im Mni֛ot Hmsrr֥im and Hsar֖im Dbr-i֣om Biom֑o and Mkdsim֙ Lloi֔m and Hloi֔m Mkds֖im Lbn֥i Ahrֽn: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 13   (31 verses)‬
1: 13 Behold, this is the land of the people of Israel, that is, in the land of Moses, the land of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
2: 13 When the children of Israel came to Israel, they brought the children of Israel to Israel, and they came to them in peace, and in the midst of them, they took up the people's house, and they brought the people to death, and they came to you, and the LORD gave you up to the LORD, and he blessed you with your heart.
3:13 And it came to pass, when he heard the Torah, and he gave it to him, and brought him all the multitude of the people of Israel.
4:13 13 And they turned to Me, and said to them, "This is so, that you have come down to the house of God, and we will not return to you."
5: 13 I֨as L֜o Lsc֣h Gdol֗h and S֣m Hi֪o Lfn֟im N֠tnim At-hmnh֨h Hlbon֜h and Hcl֗im and Mas֤r Hdgn֙ Htir֣os and Hitzh֔r Mtzot֙ Hloi֔m and Hmsrr֖im and Hsar֑im and Trom֖t Hchnֽim:
6: 13 Bcl-z֕h L֥a Hi֖iti Bֽirosl֑m C֡i Bsnt֩ Sls֨im and St֜im Larths֤sta Mֽlc-bbl֙ B֣ati Al-hm֔lc and Lk֥tz Im֖im Nsa֥lti Mn-hmֽlc:
7:13 And the father of the children of Israel, and the father of the tribe of Israel, and the father of the people of Arava, did Esau die, and did not go up to him, but he did not go to the house of the LORD. He did not do anything to him, but he did not fall into the midst of the fire, but the LORD came to him.
8: 13 And he went up to the house of the LORD, and he came to him, and he came to him, and gave him all the house of all the children of the house of Tobias, because he was afraid of the land of the land.
9: 13 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt be ashamed, and behold, the LORD is the Lord, and the Lord is the Lord, and the Lord is the Lord, and the Lord is the Lord, the Lord is the God of God, and the Lord is the Lord.
10: 13 And the people of the people of the Levites came to them, because they were not, but they were rebellious, and the men of the land fled, and the people of the land were destroyed.
11: 13 And the LORD gave them the shield of the shield, and he went away, and he went down, and the house of God came to them, and they came to the house of the tribe of them. [C] And the people of Amazad said unto them:
12:13 13 And all Yahweh, the LORD, hath given up the land of the house of the glory of the earth, and hath made it desolate, and hath given it to the children of Israel.
13: 13 Aotzr֣h Al-a֠otzrot Slmi֨h Hch֜n and Tzd֣ok Hsof֗r and Fdih֙ Mn-hloi֔m and Al-id֔m Hn֥n Bn-zc֖or Bn-mtni֑h C֤i Namnim֙ Nhs֔bo and Alih֖m Lhl֥k Lahihֽm: P.
14:13 Remember, for God's sake, O God, do not be angry with me, and I will not be with you, for I have lost my throne; but I will do as I have done in the house of God, and I will keep his promise.
15: 13 Bim֣im Hh֡mh Ra֣iti Bֽihod֣h | Dֽrcֽim-gt֣ot | [P] Bsb֡t and Mbia֣im Harm֣ot and ֽams֪im Al-hhmr֟im and Af-i֜in Anb֤im and Tanim֙ and Cl-ms֔a and Mbia֥im Irosl֖m Bi֣om Hsb֑t and Aa֕id Bi֖om Mcr֥m Tzֽid:
16:13 And the young men were strong: they sat down in the midst of them, bringing them to the house of the king, and all the people of Mechkir, and those that were numbered in the house, and the sons of the children of Judah, Jehoahadah, and Jerashulah,
17:13 And the LORD brought him forth, and he said unto them, O Yahweh, he said, And he said unto them, Behold, they are the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and this is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD.
18: 13 Hl֨oa C֤h Aso֙ Ab֣tic֔m and Ib֨a Alh֜ino Al֗ino A֚t Cl-hra֣h Hz֔at and A֖l Ha֣ir Hz֑at and At֞m Mosif֤im Hron֙ Al-isra֔l Lhl֖l At-hsbֽt: P.
19: 13 Ih֡i Cas֣r Tzֽllo֩ Sar֨i Irosl֜m Lfn֣i Hsb֗t and Aֽmrh֙ and Isgr֣o Hdlt֔ot and A֣mr֔h Asr֙ L֣a Ifth֔om A֖d Ah֣r Hsb֑t and Mnar֗i Hֽam֙dti֙ Al-hsar֔im La-ib֥oa Ms֖a Bi֥om Hsbֽt:
20:13 13 And the LORD said to him, "Behold, I will not sell you, and I will sell all my possessions, and I will destroy them, to destroy them, and they will be destroyed, and they will be destroyed."
21:13 And I will bring them into their midst, and they shall say unto them: 'Behold, I will go down to them, and I will go to them.' "The children of the tribe of Judah came to them, saying," If you have committed adultery, then you shall be ashamed of them, because they are not from the house of the people, but they are not the people of the land. "
22: 13 Amr֣h Lloi֗m As֨r Iֽhi֤o Mֽthrim֙ and Baim֙ Smr֣im Hsar֔im Lkd֖s At-i֣om Hsb֑t Gm-zat֙ Zcrh-l֣i Alh֔i and H֥osh Al֖i Cr֥b Hsdֽc: P.
23: 13 G-d's eyes, their eyes, their eyes, their eyes, their eyes, their hearts, their wives, their wives, their wives, their wives, their wives, their wives, their wives, their wives, their wives, their wives, and their wives.
24:13 And the children of the tribe of Heshi, of Mebarbar, of Ashdot, were there, and they were not known, and they were afraid of David, the LORD of Israel, and of the tribe of Israel, and of them, and of them.
25: 13 Ar֤ib Amm֙ and Akֽll֔m and Ac֥h Mh֛m Ans֖im and ֽamrt֑m and Asbia֣m Bֽalh֗im Am-ttn֤o Bnֽticm֙ Lbnih֔m and Am-tsao֙ Mbn֣tih֔m Lbnic֖m and Lcֽm:
26: 13 Hl֣oa Al-a֣lh Htֽa-slm֣h M֣lc Isra֡l and Bgoi֣m Hrbim֩ Lֽa-hi֨h M֜lc Cm֗ho and Ah֤ob Lֽalhio֙ Hi֔h and Itn֣ho Alh֔im M֖lc Al-cl-isra֑l Gm-aot֣o Hht֔iao Hns֖im Hncriֽot:
27: 13 And it is because of them that they have done to do all the evil things, but the greatness, and this is the truth, and they are not afraid.
28: 13 And the son of the children of Judah, the son of Elijah, the king of the priests, the captain of the tribe, and of the tribe of Zephaniah, the captain of the camp, the captain of the camp, and the captain of the tribe of Judah.
29: 13 Remember, behold, God is their God, O God, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, and the Most High.
30: 13 And I will not be afraid of you, but of all the sons of the sons of Israel, and of the people of Samaria, I will go down to you, and I will come to them, and there will be no man in his kingdom.
31: 13 And the sons of the sons of Israel were gathered together, and the people of the land were in the midst of the dead, and they were weeping for ever. [C] Remember, I am not God, and I am not worthy of repentance.
‪xxxx    End of Nehemiah (13 chapters, 405 verses).
