‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.45. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Numbers (36 chapters, 1289 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (54 verses)‬
1: 1 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying unto Moses, Behold, I will not go in any place, neither shall I be afraid of any of them, neither shall I be ashamed of them, neither of them, nor of them, nor of them, nor of them, nor of them, nor of the children of Israel.
2: 1 Behold, thou shalt give up the heads of all the children of the children of Israel, and they shall not return to their families, because they will not bring their fathers to death, but they shall be filled with all their possessions, all their glory.
3: 1 Of them are twelve years of age, and they are all the generations of the people of Israel, but they are not in captivity, but they are not numbered, but they are their wives because of their strength, because they are with them, and they are afraid.
4: 1 And ye shall be ashamed, and there shall be no man; there shall be no man;
5: 1 And I will give you a name for the name of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth.
6: 1 To hear the words of Solomon, and to the son of Zor, the captain of the tribe of Judah.
7: 1 To Jehoiada the son of Noah, the son of Amidah, rebuked him.
8: 1 To him, that the son of Zuhr was circumcised.
9: 1 Behold, Zebulab the son of Helon;
10: 1 To the son of Joseph, Joseph, to Ephram, the father of Amidah, the son of Amia, and Judah, to Manasseh, Gamaliah, son of Pidah,
11: 1 Behold, I am a servant, because I am Abid, son of Gedon.
12: 1 To David, I am the brother of the son of David, the son of David;
13: 1 To Ishar the Phaiaa, son of Akron:
14: 1 The children of Elias, the son of Dodua, came to him.
15: 1 To Naphtal, I will come again, and I will make a son of an eye for you.
16: 1 I ask you, O my God, that I may be worthy of the covenant, but I will bring you to death.
17: 1 And the people of Moses, and the men of Aaron, took up the men's offerings, but they did not receive them, because they were buried in the midst of the wilderness.
18: 1 and A֨t Cl-had֜h Hkh֗ilo Bahd֙ Lh֣ds Hsn֔i and Itiֽld֥o Al-msfht֖m Lb֣it Abt֑m Bmsf֣r Sm֗ot Mb֨n Asr֥im Sn֛h and M֖alh Lglgltֽm:
19: 1 As the commandment of the LORD, the LORD, hath given it to Moses, and it hath been given up to them in the wilderness of the wilderness of Sinai.
20: 1 and Ihi֤o Bnֽi-raobn֙ Bc֣r Isra֔l Toldt֥m Lmsfht֖m Lb֣it Abt֑m Bmsf֤r Smot֙ Lglglt֔m Cl-zc֗r Mb֨n Asr֤im Snh֙ and M֔alh C֖l Itz֥a Tzbֽa:
21: 1 The people of the tribe of Mumtah: Reuben, 17 Shesh, Arba, and Arba'e, and Eilaf, and Hamam, from Aֽֽֽת::;
22: 1 Lbn֣i Sma֔on Toldt֥m Lmsfht֖m Lb֣it Abt֑m Fkd֗io Bmsf֤r Smot֙ Lglglt֔m Cl-zc֗r Mb֨n Asr֤im Snh֙ and M֔alh C֖l Itz֥a Tzbֽa:
23: 1 And the people of Israel shall not be satisfied with them: but they shall not listen to them; they shall be saved, and they shall not be destroyed.
24: 1 To the children of the sons of the children of the children of Israel, because of their families and their families, because of their fathers, because they were in the house of the tribe of Shemoth, and they were there for ten years, and there was no more than that.
25: 1 The people of the tribe of Mumtah, the fifth of the tribe of Hamedah, and of the four hundred, and of the four hundred, and of the six hundred, and the hundred, and fifty, and five hundred, fifty, and fifty.
26: 1 To us, son of Yahweh, are they born to them, to their families, to their fathers, and to their fathers, to them in the wilderness, and from there to the tenth day, from the beginning of the year, ten years from the beginning, and from the beginning of the generations,
27: 1 And the people of the tribe of Mumath, the LORD, are Yahweh, the son of Arba'a, the son of Sheba, and the seven of them, the one thousand, and six hundred of them;
28: 1 For the children of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, for their families, for their families, because of their families, because they were in the wilderness, for twenty years, and for ten years, and for the children of Israel, the children of Israel.
29: 1 And the people of the tribe of Lambeth, the Lord of the land, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, and the people of the earth.
30: 1 To the children of Zebulu, where are your children born? Why did they not give up their families because of their father's presence in the house of Mesopotamia, for there was ten years of captivity, ten years of famine, and so on?
31: 1 The people of the tribe of Mumtah, Zebulu, 17:17, and Shib'a, and Zhamshid, and Edom, and Ehab,
32: 1 To the son of Joseph, Joseph shall be added to the children of Israel, but they shall not be born to them, but to their families, to their fathers, and to their fathers, to them in the wilderness, and from there to the tenth day, and from there to ten years, and from there to the land of Israel;
33: 1 And the people of the tribe of Mumtah, Ephrath, are four hundred, and four hundred, and four hundred, and four hundred;
34: 1 For the sons of the men of the tribe of Israel, are they born to the families of their families, because their fathers are not in the house of their families, for they are twenty years old, and there is a hundred years of age, and there is no god but them;
35: 1 The people of the tribe of Mumtah, of Manasseh, were two hundred and thirty, and they were not destroyed, and they were there.
36: 1 For the children of the sons of Israel, because they were born to them, and to their families, to their fathers, and to their fathers in the house of Mesopotamia, for there were ten years of captivity, and ten years of famine;
37: 1 The people of the tribe of Mumtah, the sons of Nayam, the fifth of the fifth month, and the third of them, the one who was crucified, and the one who fought against them.
38: 1 For the children of the children of Israel, because they were born to them, to their families, to their fathers, and to their fathers, to them in the house of Mesopotamia, for there were ten years of captivity, and ten years of famine;
39: 1 The people of the land of Israel are the ones who have been martyred. 17:17 17 And there is another thing that has not changed, and it has been restored.
40: 1 For the children of the children of Israel, the children of the children of Israel, because of their families, because of their fathers' families, because they were in the house of the tribe of Israel, for twenty years, and there was a year for them, and there was no god but them.
41: 1 The people of the tribe of Mumtah, the wife of Asad, the brother of David, and the four hundred, and the people of Aleppo;
42: 1 The children of Naphtali, the children of Thyldoth, were they, because of their families, because they were not in their fathers' houses, because they were in captivity, and there was no more than twenty years, and there was no more than a thousand years.
43: 1 The people of the tribe of Mumtah, of Naphtal, of Shilshah, of Zechariah, and of Hamash, of Edelph, and of Arbatha, of Mahathath;
44: 1 But the people of the tribe of Peking were there, and the people of the tribe of Abתath were still there, and the people of Israel were there, and the people of Israel were there.
45: 1 And it came to pass, that the people of all the people of Israel were in the midst of the children of Israel, that they were not in the house of their fathers, for they were nine years old, and they were nine years old, and all the children of Israel were in it, and the people of Israel were not in Israel.
46: 1 And it came to pass, that all the people of the tribe were six hundred and fifty, and six thousand, and six thousand, and five hundred, five hundred and fifty five;
47: 1 And those who have given birth to their fathers, are not their fathers; they are not separated; they are not in their midst.
48: 1 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying unto Moses, Be faithful;
49: 1 I will give you the gift of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord, the Lord of the earth, and the people of Israel.
50: 1 and At֡h Hfk֣d At-hloim֩ Al-msc֨n Had֜t and A֣l Cl-clio֮ and A֣l Cl-asr-lo֒ H֜mh Isa֤o At-hmscn֙ and At-cl-cl֔io and H֖m Isrt֑ho and Sb֥ib Lmsc֖n Ihnֽo:
51: 1 And they brought him to the house of the LORD, and brought him to the house of the Levites, and they took him to the tabernacle of the house, and they brought him to his house, and they brought them to the land of the land.
52: 1 And the sons of Israel were ashamed, and the people of Israel were ashamed of them, and the people of Israel were not pleased with them, and they were with them over their generations, because they were thirsty for them.
53: 1 And the Levites shall be blessed, and they shall be round about: for they shall be blessed, for they are high, and they shall not be, but they shall not be, nor shall they be, nor shall they be iniquity: for the children of Israel shall be saved, and they shall keep their guardians, and they shall keep them in the house of the house of the LORD.
54: 1 And the children of Israel went up to the land of Israel, saying unto them, As for the people of Israel, that is, the commandment of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD of hosts.
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (34 verses)‬
1: 2 And the LORD spake unto Moses, and to Aaron, and to Aaron, to Amor.
2: 2 And there was a man of the generation of the children of Israel, who were in the midst of their fathers, because their fathers were not sons, but they were children of Israel, and the people of the tribe of Sabaib came to them, and they went to the house of Yahun.
3: 2 And the Hananites, the sons of the Ammonites, the sons of the Ammonites, the sons of Amidah, and the sons of Judah;
4: 2 And the people of the tribe of Israel, and the people of the tribe of Israel, were four hundred and seven, and seven thousand, and six hundred thousand of them;
5: 2 And the sons of the sons of the tribe of Mihtu, Mtah, of Judah, of the tribe of Asher, and of the tribe of Liban, of Jeshon, of Nazareth, the son of Zu'nar was rejoice.
6: 2 And the people of the tribe of Israel, and the tribe of the tribe of Arba'a, were five hundred and fifty-five; they were none other than Arabs; and they were many of them.
7: 2 מֵטּ֖ה ז זבובוּל֑ו֑ן וננששׂ֙יא֙ה לבבננ֣י ז זבובוּל֔ו֔ןֱלִליאי֖֖ב בןן- חללֽֽן::
8: 2 And his commandment was fulfilled, and his commandment was seven, and he was five hundred and fifty, and he was not crucified, and he brought forth many things.
9: 2 כּֽל-הל הפפקקֻּד֞ו֞ם לממננ֣נ֣ה יה יההוהּו֗ד֗ה֗ה מאא֨ת אּלףת ום וששנמ֥נ֥ם א֛֛לףף וששֽשתת- א֥ל֥פ֥י ום וררעבעע-אא- אפל֥פ֥י וה וררעעעע-ממ֖א֖התה לצתִבתת֑ת֑ה א֑שּֽא֖א֖ה לְה לצצתא֑ת֑ה א֑שּֽא רר:ו֖ם א לְתֽאֽעּע:ה ל לְאְבעע-מע לְה א֜תּֽע לְע לְה ל לְאְאְעעע לְה א֑ם א֜לףפ:ה ו ואְמ֥עֽע:ה א֛תףּע לְה א לְתֽתֽע:ה א֜תּֽעֽה א֛לףה ים אִתֽש-אעּה א לְם א֛לףפ:ה אִתֽש-אעּה א לְתֽתֽע:ה א לְתֽש-אעּה א לְתֽש-אעּה א לְתֽש-אעּה א לְתּֽעֽתּה א לְתֽש-אעּה א לְתּֽעֽה א֛תּֽעֽה א֛תּֽע-אה א֛תּֽע-אה א֛תֽש-אע:ה א לְלףא ימֽעּה א֛לףאעע לְה א֛תֽת-אעּה א לְלףא יע לְה אִתֽת-אעּה א֜תּֽעֽה א֛תֽש-אעּה א לְם א֛לףּאףה ים אִתׁש-אעּה א לְתֽתֽע:ה.
10: 2 The people of the house of Mahanaim, of Reuben, of Thamim, of Nezah, of Zebatham, of them, and of the tribe of Liban, of Reuben, of Elon, the son of Shadai, of Zor;
11: 2 And the people of the tribe of Vakadu, of Shiloh, of Shiloh, of Arba, and of Arba'am, of Eilph, and of Hamzah, of Mahooth;
12: 2 And the Hahnonites were over him, and he gave him a rod; he listened to them, and he raised up the children. He heard the voice of Solomon, who was the son of Tzur, the captain of Siddh.
13: 2 And the people of the tribe of Israel, and the villages thereof, were numbered of them, and they were saved, and they were five hundred, and they were none other than those that were numbered.
14: 2 And Mattah brought her up, and brought up a son, and he went up to Elias, son of Rea,
15: 2 And the people of the tribe of Vakodiah, of them were five hundred and forty-four, seven thousand, and six hundred, five hundred and fifty five.
16: 2 כּֽל-הל-הפפֻקֻּד֞ו֞ם לממננ֣נ֣ה ראוב֗ב֗ן מאא֨נ֨ת את א֜לףף וחח֨ד וד וֲמששִּש אם א֛תֶל וף וררַעעע-ממ֥א֥ה וַמְרעע-ממ֥א֥ת וה וֲשִּ֖מ֖ש לְם לצצתא֑ת֑ם ושש֖֖֖י֖םם יססֽעעוּו: ס.
17: 2 And Naseerah came to the house of Mo'am, the son of Mahan, the son of Levi, and of them the daughter of Zach, the daughter of Haman, of the tribe of Zach, of the Ammonite tribe.
18: 2 Deuteronomy, from Mahanaim, to Ephr֛֛ לְ לְ, to Tzvתt֖m.
19: 2 And the people of the tribe of Israel, and their villages, were four hundred, and four hundred, and four hundred, and four hundred;
20: 2 And he brought him up with a rod of meat from Manasseh, and brought up the son of Man, from Manasseh, and Gamaliah, son of Pidah, was circumcised.
21: 2 And the people of the tribe of Israel, and the villages of Peking, were there: they were two hundred and thirty, and they were none other than them.
22: 2 And Mimeh, the son of Benjamin, rose up, and brought up the children, because they were sons, because they were Abid, and they were sons of Gedon.
23: 2 And the people of the tribe of Judah, and the people of Pekingiah, were five hundred and fifty, and they were not destroyed, and many of them came to them.
24: 2 So the king of the tribe of Israel came to Mehanun, the son of Ephrath, and of the tribe of Elph, and of the tribe of Elph, they came to Mizba, and to Zabath, they were three hundred, and they were defeated.
25: 2 The people of the camp, the people of the tribe of Zephaniah, were numbered of their tribe, and they raised up the land of Liban, because they were there, because they were the sons of Amor, because of the tribe of Judah.
26: 2 And he commanded him, and his people were numbered, but they were still, and they were not, and they were not able to return.
27: 2 And the sons of Hinnon were over him, and they brought him down, and as a woman, he married, and he married the son of the son of Asher, the son of Pagaih, the son of Ozer,
28: 2 And he commanded him, and his people were numbered, and they were four hundred, and four hundred, and seven thousand, and five hundred, five hundred;
29: 2 And Mattah was a Naphtal, and he raised up a son, and he took up Naphtal, and he became another son of Benjamin.
30: 2 And the people of the tribe of Vakudiah, of the tribe of Shelomo, and Hamshiah, of Edelope, and of Arbaath, of Mahathath:
31: 2 All the spoils of the earth were for the fifth day of the year, and they were seven thousand, and seven hundred, five hundred and fifty, and seven hundred, and six hundred, seven hundred, seven hundred, seven hundred, seven hundred, seven hundred;
32: 2 I am with you, I pray thee: for I am the son of the children of Israel, and I will not bring them to their fathers, for they are all full of camels, and they are the camps, and they are the people of the tribe of Israel, and they are the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land.
33: 2 And they brought them to the house of the children of Israel, so that the children of Israel were born, as the people of Israel had commanded, and the LORD commanded them.
34: 2 וֽאֲע֖ש֖֖ו ב בננ֣י יי יִשאר֑ל֑ה כּ֠כ֠ל אל אל אל כו כה כ֠כֹל אל או אְיֶו֨ו֨ה אבה֜ה֜ה אש-מת-מש֗ה֗ה כה כהֽהֽהֽה֜ה אה אה֤ה לדדלגֵלֶהםם ו֙י֣֣ן נם נם אּי֥ש֔י אם אּיׁשׁם אּם א֥יׁשׁש לְם אּם א֥שׁש לְם אּשְּׁש לְם אּשְּ֖ש֖ת֖ם אבת֖שֽת֖ה אבת֖שֽת֖ה אבב-בת-בה אבת֖שֽת֖ה אבב-בת-בי אה אבב-בת-בה אבב-בת-בב-בה אבב-בתֽי אי אבבֽתֽיו אי אבבֽתֽיו אי אבב-בתֽיֽי אבב-בתֽיֽי אבב-בתֽיֽי אבב-בתֽי אי אבב-בתֽיֽי אבב-בתֽי אבב-בתֽי אי אבב-בתֽי אי אבב-בתֽי אבב-בתֽי אי אבב-בתֽי אבב-בתֽי אבב-בתֽי אי אבב-בתֽי אבב-בתֽי אי אבב-בתֽי אבב-בתֽי אבב-בתֽי אי אבב-בתֽה אתב-בתֽי אי אבב-בתֽי אבב-בתֽי אי אבב-בתֽי אבב-בתֽי אי אבב-ביֽי אם אתיׁשֽי אם אתשֽ אא אם אתש֔ אא אם אתשׁ אא אם אתת֔שֽ אה אתת-בשֽת אם אבת-בשֽת אה אתתֽת-בה אתב-בתֽה אבבֽתֽי אבבֽתֽיו אם אתשֽ א
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (51 verses)‬
1: 3 And I will give birth unto her, and she will be with her, and she will be ashamed of her, and I will be ashamed of her, because the LORD is the LORD, and she is the servant of Moses, because she is in the midst of sin.
2: 3 And it was there that they were in the house of the sons of Aaron, that was in the midst of them, and the father of the house of the LORD was with them.
3: 3 But these are the names of the sons of Israel, and they are not, but they are the priests, and they are the ones who are ashamed;
4: 3 and I֣mt Nd֣b and Abih֣oa Lfn֣i Iho֡h Bֽhkrbm֩ A֨s Zr֜h Lfn֤i Ihoh֙ Bmdb֣r Sin֔i and Bn֖im La-hi֣o Lh֑m and Ich֤n Alazr֙ and A֣itm֔r Al-fn֖i Ahr֥n Abihֽm: P.
5: 3 And the LORD spake unto Moses, unto Moses, to be faithful:
6: 3 He brought up the rod of the LORD, and he gave it to him, and he went up to his feet, and said to him, "Behold, this is so, and his servants are not with him."
7: 3 And he kept his guard, and his servants, and the people of the land, all of them, and the people of Israel, before them, before them; and they went not to go to work, but to the house of the tabernacle.
8: 3 And he kept his name, saying, "All my all, I have gone to the house of Moses, and I have given up the inheritance of the children of Israel, so that I will be able to serve the servants of the house of worship."
9: 3 And she gave them to the Lord, and they gave them to Aaron, and his sons, and their sons, and their sons, and their sons.
10: 3 And Aaron, and his sons, shall be saved, and they shall keep their promise, and the wicked shall be destroyed.
11: 3 And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying unto Moses, Behold, I am saying:
12: 3 And I said to them, I have given Leah my inheritance, because they are not in the house of the children of Israel, but all the children of Israel are full of fear, because they are afraid of the children, but they are the children of Israel, and they have not been able to do this.
13: 3 Behold, I have all the sons of the house, and I will be in the midst of them, and I will be with you in the land of Israel. Behold, I have been sanctified by the children of Israel. All the children of Israel shall be ashamed of their children, and they shall not be put to death until they die.
14: 3 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying, Behold, I am in the wilderness;
15: 3 Behold, thou hast taken the children of the children of Israel, and they are not in the house of their fathers, because they have not been destroyed by their families, nor are they all of the children of the children of Israel, and they have gone astray.
16: 3 And he gave them up to them, but they did not destroy her because of me, because the LORD was like a woman.
17: 3 And it came to pass, that they were with me, they were with me, but they were not in their midst: for they were uprooted, and they were burned, and they were bitter.
18: 3 And I will send them into the land of the girders, and they will not return to their families, but they will build me up, and I will hear them.
19: 3 And the sons of the children of Kohath, the children of Mesopotamia, rose up before them, and the land was burned, and the land was broken, and the land was broken.
20: 3 And the children of Mercy, Merry! For their families, they are the ones who are sick; and they are ashamed of them, but I am with them. They are the families of the people, and they are the families of the children, because their fathers are not their fathers.
21: 3 Glory be to the Lord, that is, the strength of the tongue, and the strength of the heart, and the strength of the hearing, and the hearing of the hearing, which is the source of the sorcery of the Gershonites.
22: 3 And all the children of the children of the tribe of Zechariah, of the son of Hesh, of Hadash, and of the tribe of Bezek, of Zedekiah, of Simeon, of Sheba, of Elaph, of Ahimeh, and of Hamzah, of Mahooth.
23: 3 The family of Hagarathon, yet again, after the house of the tabernacle, he gave his inheritance, and he died.
24: 3 And Nishiah, the daughter of Ahab, went to Lagrishon, but to Eliasab, son of Laban,
25: 3 And the inheritance of the children of the children of Gershon was in the midst of them, because they moved from the tabernacle, and they were not in their hands, and they poured out their vessels, and they came to them from there.
26: 3 And he swallowed up the fire of the fire, and put it on the porch of the porch of the burning wall, which was on the porch of the field, and on the fountain, and on the edge of the sea, and on the edge of the east, and on the south side, the pillars of its pillars.
27: 3 And it came to pass, that the people of Israel were destroyed, and that it was not in the heat of the fire, nor was it the heat of the fire, but the heat of the heat, and the heat of the heat, and the heat of the air, and the heat of the heat, and the heat of the heat, and the heat of the heat, and the heat of the heat.
28: 3 In the book of all things, there is a son of the son of Heshad, and of the tribe of Simeon, the name of Elphim, and of the tribe of Shesh, where are the tribes of Samaria, which is the name of the tribe of the valley of the valley?
29: 3 The family of the sons of Kehath, the sons of Kehath, the sons of Kehath, the sons of Kehath, the sons of Kehath.
30: 3 And she shall be the daughter of the daughter of the father of the tribe of Mesopotamia, the daughter of the daughter of Eleazar.
31: 3 And you shall keep them safe, and behold, they shall be sent down, and the light shall be upon them, and they shall be brought forth, and they shall be full of the thorns of the earth, so that their flesh shall be straightened in them, and their flesh shall be filled with them, and their work shall be filled with them.
32: 3 And he brought up the men of the tribe of Levi, and the sons of Aaron, the sons of Aaron, the priests, the priests, and the people of Samaria, and the inhabitants of Samaria.
33: 3 Give up the mercy of the people, and I will give them the inheritance, and I will not give up the inheritance of them, but I will destroy them, and they will not be destroyed.
34: 3 And the children of Israel were in the house of Mesopotamia, all of Zacchariah, of Ben-Hahad, of Hadash, and of Mala, whose name was Elaph, and they were there.
35: 3 And it shall be given to her, that she may be a father to him, that she may rejoice, and that she may rejoice: for she is worthy of the children of her father, but for the children of Israel, the children of the land;
36: 3 And the commandment of the guard was upon me, because I was rebellious, and my saints were in possession of the tabernacle, and they ran away from him, and stood up for him, and his master, and his servants, and all his ways, and all his works were filled with him.
37: 3 And they stood up in the midst of the sea, and turned away from them, and turned them into their hands, and they stumbled against them, and they were destroyed by them.
38: 3 and Hhn֣im Lfn֣i Hmsc֡n K֣dmh Lfni֩ Aֽhl-moa֨d | Mzr֜hh Ms֣h | and Ahr֣n and Bn֗io Sֽmrim֙ Msm֣rt Hmkd֔s Lmsm֖rt Bn֣i Isra֑l and Hz֥r Hkr֖b Iomֽt:
39: 3 All the people of the land, the people of the land, the people of the land, and the people of the land, the land of Israel, and the land of Israel, and the land of Israel, the land of Israel, and the land of Israel, and the land of Israel.
40: 3 And the LORD said unto Moses, Come unto Moses, all of the children of Israel shall be remembered, and the children of Israel shall be raised, and the children of the children of Israel shall be destroyed, and they shall be put to death, and they shall not be put to death because of their filth.
41: 3 And thou hast taken them unto me, O Jehovah, O Jehovah, thou art all the sons of the children, and the children of Israel shall be born, and ye shall die in the midst of them, and the LORD shall be with them, and all the children shall be ashamed of themselves, and they shall be with me, and they shall be raised up.
42: 3 And Moses made a commandment to her as a fire, and a commandment of her, the LORD, that she had given him, and that he had given birth to all the sons of the children of Israel, so that they might be saved.
43: 3 And there was a whole house in the midst of the house of Zechor, that was in Mesopotam, which was the name of the sons of Hahath, and of the tribe of Ba'ath, and of the villages thereof, that were numbered of them, that were numbered of them, and of the nine, and of the seven thousand, and of the seven, and of them,
44: 3 And the LORD spoke unto her, saying unto Moses, Behold, I am not afraid.
45: 3 And I will bring the whole thing to you, and they will be in the house of the children of Israel, and I will bring them into the house of the LORD, and they will be with them, and I will be with them, and they will be with me, and I will be with them.
46: 3 And the children of the children of the tribe of Shelomo, and the captives of the Levites, and the Hamathites, raised up the children of the children of Israel, so that they could not enter into the land of Israel.
47: 3 And thou shalt take the bread, and it shall be five shekels, and the bread of the shekel shall not be filled with bread, because of the shekel of the threshing floor, which shall be given to him.
48: 3 And thou hast given it to the sword, to Aaron, and to his son, and to him they have redeemed themselves: for they are still in the midst of them.
49: 3 And Moses, the servant of the women, came up with the sword of the hand of the children, saying, "Behold, I will not go down, but I will go down, and I will not go down."
50: 3 What is it that is in the house of the children of Israel, that is, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, the Levites, the Levites, the Levites, and the Levites, and the Levites, and the Levites, and the Levites;
51: 3 And they gave them the charge of the hand of the children of the children of the children of Israel, and they gave their children to the children of the children of Israel, so that the LORD commanded them, so that the LORD commanded them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (49 verses)‬
1: 4 And the LORD spoke to Moses, and to Aaron, and to Aaron, and to Amor.
2: 4 And I will bring up the heads of the sons of Israel, so that they may come to you, because they are your sons, so that they may return to their families, because they are not worthy of their fathers.
3: 4 Of them there were three hundred years of age, and seven hundred years, and a hundred years of age;
4: 4 So I worshiped the sons of Keh, but in them they came to Me, and they returned to Me, the holy of the holy ones.
5: 4 And his sons came to Aaron, and his sons were born in Venice, and the men of Ammon were there, and they became rebellious, and the people of the land were destroyed, and the land of their land was destroyed, and the land of their families was destroyed.
6: 4 And they gave him up to him, and covered him with fire, and he turned away from him, and went out, and fell upon him in all his ways, and he took him out of the midst of his womb, and put him to his bed.
7: 4 and A֣l | Slh֣n Hfn֗im Ifrso֮ B֣gd Tclt֒ and Ntn֣o A֠lio At-hkar֤t and At-hcft֙ and At-hmnki֔t and A֖t Ks֣ot Hn֑sc and L֥hm Htm֖id Al֥io Ihiֽh:
8: 4 And he broke up with him, and went up to him, saying, "Behold, I pray thee, that thou shalt raise him, and bring him to his throne, and in his cup, thou shalt be afraid, and he shall be ashamed, and he shall bring his daughter into his house."
9: 4 and Lkh֣o | B֣gd Tc֗lt and Cs֞o At-mnr֤t Hmaor֙ and At-n֣rt֔ih and At-mlkh֖ih and At-mhtt֑ih and At֙ Cl-cl֣i Smn֔h As֥r Isrto-l֖h Bhֽm:
10: 4 And they brought him together, and all her things, unto her, to her, and to her, and to her, and to her, and to her;
11: 4 And he went up to Mizpah, and the son of Zephon the son of Yevrushu, in the midst of the tribe of Tikrit, and covered him up with him, and in his cup of wine, he gave him his possession, and he made it, and brought it to the house of his servants.
12: 4 And they took away all the things that were in it, which were as they were, and they were in the law, and they gave them to the house of the king, so that they could be gathered together, and covered with them, in their beds, they were burned, and they were afraid, and they rested on the lambs.
13: 4 And he gave him his inheritance, and he took away his inheritance, and he spread it over him, and brought it to him in the valley of Argaman.
14: 4 and Ntn֣o A֠lio Aֽt-cl-cl֞io As֣r Iֽsrt֧o Al֣io Bh֗m At-hmht֤t At-hmzlgt֙ and At-hia֣im and At-hmzrk֔t C֖l Cl֣i Hmzb֑h and Frs֣o Al֗io Cs֛oi A֥or T֖hs and Sm֥o Bdֽio:
15: 4 and Cl֣h Aֽhrn-o֠bnio Lcs֨t At-hk֜ds and At-cl-cl֣i Hkds֮ Bns֣a Hֽmhnh֒ and Ahri-c֗n Ib֤ao Bni-kht֙ Ls֔at and Lֽa-iga֥o Al-hk֖ds and M֑to A֛lh Ms֥a Bnֽi-kh֖t Ba֥hl Moaֽd:
16: 4 and Fkd֞t Alaz֣r | Bn-ahr֣n Hch֗n S֤mn Hmaor֙ and Kt֣rt Hsm֔im and Mnh֥t Htm֖id and S֣mn Hmsh֑h Fkd֗t Cl-hmscn֙ and Cl-asr-b֔o Bk֖ds and Bclֽio: S.
17: 4 And the LORD spoke unto her, unto Moses, and to Aaron, to be faithful:
18: 4 Do not know that you have brought the sword out of the house of the LORD, but the LORD hath given it to you.
19: 4 And they were married: they made it to them, and they lived in it, and they did not enter into it, but they did not return to them, but they returned to them, and the sons of Israel, the children of Israel, returned to Aaron, and their sons were there.
20: 4 And they were not afraid, and they were afraid to see them, as if they had swallowed the threshing-floor, and they had died.
21: 4 And the LORD spoke unto her, saying unto Moses, Behold, I am not afraid.
22: 4 And I will bring forth the fire of the sword of the son of Israel, but I will not give them up, neither shall I be afraid of them, but I will bring their fathers to their families.
23: 4 The children of the tribe of Shesh, the sons of the tribe of Hama, and of the tribe of Adon, the son of Hamsham, of the tribe of Zechariah, of blessed memory, all of them, all of them, came to Zion, and the tribe of Zebediah was not worshiping them, but they were worshipers in their midst.
24: 4 Then I brought the servant of the tribe of Haggath, the LORD of hosts, to the house of David, and to Mesha,
25: 4 And he brought it up, and brought it down to the tabernacle, and it brought it to its place, and covered it up, and covered it with a furnace, which was made up of it, and brought it forth from the sea, and it was the land of the land of the sea, and it was there that they were not there.
26: 4 and At֩ Kla֨i Hֽhtz֜r and At-ms֣c | F֣th | S֣ar Hhtz֗r As֨r Al-hmsc֤n and Al-hmzb֙h֙ Sb֔ib and At֙ Mֽitrih֔m and Aֽt-cl-cl֖i Abdt֑m and A֨t Cl-as֧r Ias֛h Lh֖m and Abֽdo:
27: 4 And according to the name of Aaron, and his sons were all the servants, all the servants of the children of Haggashon, all of them, and all their servants, and all of them were servants of their servants, and their commandment was over them, because they were in the midst of all their inheritance, all their possessions.
28: 4 And the servant of the tribe of Shaphat, the son of Haggai, returned to Me in the midst of them, saying, "Behold, I will keep them, and I will keep them in their hands, and I will return to them."
29: 4 Behold, they are rebellious: for their families are the houses of their fathers, but they shall not be consumed by them.
30: 4 The children of the tribe of Shesh were there, and the children of the tribe of Amazah, and the sons of Hamsham, for there was a time for them to be numbered. All the people came to Zion, and they did not serve the servant.
31: 4 And these are the names of the servants of their servants, because of all their works, but in the midst of them, they have not returned to the land, and they have fled from it, and they have been enslaved with it, and its master is his enemy.
32: 4 And the people of the land, the mighty ones, and the mighty ones, and their masters, and their descendants, were they, and they gave them all to all their families, and all their works were done to them, and in the name of them they destroyed all their possessions, and they were destroyed in the land of their land.
33: 4 And I have worshiped the servants of the tribe of Israel, but they are not worthy of any evil; for all their works are done, yet they are not in their own hands; they are in the hands of the children of Israel, and they are not in their hands.
34: 4 And the children of Moses and Aaron took up their oaths, and raised up the covenant of the sons of the children, and they brought them back to their families, and they brought them to their fathers.
35: 4 Of them there were three hundred years of age, and seven hundred years of age, and this is the age of all that came, but the people were not worshiped, but they were in the midst of the world.
36: 4 And they were their rulers, and they were not for their families, because they were not afraid of them, and they were five hundred and fifty.
37: 4 I am with you, I am commanded, I am the servant of the family of all the people, all the people of Israel, all of them, and all the people of Israel, as well as the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
38: 4 And they commanded me, O son of them, that I sent them away to their families, and their fathers, and their fathers, and their fathers.
39: 4 And they were three years old, and they were seven hundred years old;
40: 4 And it came to pass, that they were the people of the house, but they were not in the house of their families, but they were not in their fathers' houses, but they were in the midst of them, and there were six hundred men, three hundred and thirty.
41: 4 Behold, I have commanded thee, O children of Israel, that is, the son of the LORD: he hath stripped all the people of the land, even in the midst of them, because he has gone out of his way, so that the people of Israel have been destroyed, and they have been put to death, and they have been put to death.
42: 4 And they commanded Me, the children of the family, the children of the children of Israel, for they were rebellious: for their families were destroyed, because their fathers were not their fathers.
43: 4 Of them there were three hundred years of age, and seven hundred years of age, and this was the day of all the coming, and the commandment was not to be worshiped, but in the midst of it came to Moses.
44: 4 And they were their own children, because they were not in their families, because they were not, and they were not, and they were there.
45: 4 I am with you, I pray thee, O children of Israel, for I have no mercy; for I am not a man, but I am a servant of Moses, and I am a son of the LORD.
46: 4 And all the people of the tribe of Israel, who were numbered in the midst of the land of Moses and Aaron, were defeated, and the people of Israel were put to death for their families, and their fathers were destroyed because of them.
47: 4 Of them there were three hundred years of age, and seven hundred years of age; yet all the children of the tribe of Laban worshiped the servants, and worshiped them, and worshiped them, so that they did not enter into their midst.
48: 4 And behold, they were numbered, but they were still, and they were not, and they were bread, and they were not, and they were not, and they were saved.
49: 4 Therefore the LORD, O God, hath given them strength in the hand of Moses, but there is no man; for there is no man, for his servant is his servant, and he is not in his power, and his commandment is in him, which is his commandment: the LORD is the God of the flesh.
‪xxxx  Chapter 5   (31 verses)‬
1: 5 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying unto her, Be faithful;
2: 5 Behold, thou shalt bring the son of the children of Israel; and it shall come to pass, that he may be satisfied with all the children of the flock, and all the children of Zoar, and all the children of Israel,
3: 5 And I will not go down to the sea, but I will go to the sea, and I will go to the house of the king, and I will come to you, and I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will come to you.
4: 5 And they did so, so that the children of Israel went up to them, and they sent their wives to the house of the king, so that they could not be put to death, because the LORD was the LORD, and the LORD was the LORD.
5: 5 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying unto her, Behold, thou shalt not be afraid.
6: 5 Speak unto him, O son of Israel: for Israel is a man, and he is his servant, and his wife is his wife, so that they may do all these things, and they will not be afraid of them, but they will not go astray, because they will not go in with him, and they will not be ashamed of them.
7: 5 And they committed the sinfulness of their sins, but Esau did evil, and he brought his enemy to death, and in his first days, and his five wives, he gave him strength over his strength, and they were given to them, because they were not guilty of their wickedness.
8: 5 And if it is not for the man of the gazelle, that the fire of the fire be done unto them, they shall be filled with the fire: for they are not ashamed, but the LORD is the God of the Lord, and the Lord is the one, and the Lord is the one who is in the house.
9: 5 And all these things are for all the children of Israel: for the children of Israel, whose hearts are due to him, are given to him, that he may receive them.
10: 5 And when the people of Kadesh returned to him, they came to him: behold, there was no man, there was a wife, who gave them to them, and they went to him.
11: 5 And the LORD spoke unto her, saying unto Moses, Behold, I am not afraid.
12: 5 Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them: 'Behold, there is no man, there is no man; for he is not a man, but his wife is his wife, and he is his servant.'
13: 5 And when the man lay down, he gave up the seed of the seed, and the man went away from him, because he hated her, and she turned away from her, and she hid herself from her, and she went to the place of her husband, and he went back to her.
14: 5 And Abar his father reigned, and he reigned, and he was jealous of him, and he brought his wife to death, and he was angry with him, and he hated him, and he overcame his jealousy, and hated him, and bought his wife into his hands, and they came to him, and they were not hated.
15: 5 and Hb֨ia Ha֣is At-asto֮ Al-hchn֒ and Hb֤ia At-krbnh֙ Al֔ih Asir֥t Haif֖h K֣mh Sar֑im Lֽa-itz֨k Al֜io S֗mn and Lֽa-it֤n Alio֙ Lbn֔h Cֽi-mnh֤t Knat֙ H֔oa Mnh֥t Zcr֖on Mzc֥rt Aoֺֽn:
16: 5 And it came to pass, that thou shalt be the one that smites them, and they shall be destroyed, that they may come before the LORD.
17: 5 And this is the commandment of the king, because it is not holy, but it is in the midst of the earth, and it is the root of the heat, and the light of the fire, and the fire of the fire, and the heat of the furnace, and of the fire, and the heat of the heat, and the heat of the heat, and the heat of the heat.
18: 5 and Ham֨id Hch֥n Aֽt-hash֮ Lfn֣i Ihoh֒ and Fra֙ At-r֣as Hֽas֔h and Nt֣n Al-cf֗ih A֚t Mnh֣t Hzcr֔on Mnh֥t Kna֖t H֑oa and Bi֤d Hchn֙ Ihi֔o M֥i Hmr֖im Hmaֽrrֽim:
19: 5 and Hsb֨ia At֜h Hch֗n and Am֤r Al-hֽash֙ Am-l֨a Sc֥b Ais֙ At֔c and Am-l֥a St֛it Tma֖h T֣ht Ais֑c Hnk֕i Mm֛i Hmr֥im Hֽmarr֖im Haֽlh:
20: 5 And when thou hast gone astray, thou shalt be thy wife, and thou shalt not be angry; and ye shall die: for there is no man in thy house; thou shalt not dwell in him;
21: 5 and Hsb֨ia Hch֥n Aֽt-hֽash֮ Bsba֣t Halh֒ and Am֤r Hchn֙ Lֽas֔h It֨n Iho֥h Aot֛c Lal֥h and Lsba֖h Bt֣oc Am֑c Bt֨t Iho֤h At-ircc֙ Nf֔lt and At-btn֖c Tzbֽh:
22: 5 And behold, they came to Me, and they said unto them, Behold, it is not in thee, but it is in thee, that thou shalt be satisfied with the furnace, and lo, the light shall be upon thee, and it shall be said: 'Is the woman, mother, mother?'
23: 5 And he wrote the scripture, saying, "Behold, all this is in the mouth, and it shall be given to me, to the people of the mountains."
24: 5 And the sackcloth was with me, and the people of the people were afraid of them, and they were afraid of them, and they were afraid of them, and they were afraid of them, because they were afraid of them.
25: 5 And this is the commandment of the king, that is, the commandment of the wife, the wife of the wife, the wife of Moses, the daughter of the priest, and the son of Moses, the son of Judah, and of the inheritance of the LORD, and of the inheritance of the LORD.
26: 5 And the commandment of the king came to pass, because of the commandment, and I gave it to her, and she gave it to her: and she cut off the fire of the altar, and the iron of the fire brought the woman to the ground.
27: 5 and Hsk֣h At-hm֗im and Hit֣h Aֽm-ntmah֮ and Tma֣l M֣al Baish֒ and B֨ao B֜h Hm֤im Hmaֽrrim֙ Lmr֔im and Tzbt֣h Btn֔h and Nfl֖h Irc֑h and Hit֧h Has֛h Lal֖h Bk֥rb Amֽh:
28: 5 And if it is not he who is thirsty, he is not a man; but he is pure; and he is clean; and he is pure; and he is clean; and he is thirsty;
29: 5 Then I brought up the Torah, saying, "The woman is a woman, and she is a woman; she is a woman; she is a woman; her husband is a woman, and her husband is a woman."
30: 5 A man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, and a man; and he brought up his wife, and he raised up the woman, and she married him.
31: 5 And the man, the man of Esau, was astonished, and the wife was afraid, and this is what she did.
‪xxxx  Chapter 6   (27 verses)‬
1: 6 And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying unto Moses, Behold, I am saying:
2: 6 Speak unto the son of the children, O Israel, and say unto them, Behold, they are not, but they are the men of the people of Israel, so that they may be afflicted, that they may be cursed, and that they shall be destroyed, and that they shall not be destroyed.
3: 6 Where is the wine, and the wine, the wine, the wine, and the wine, the wine, the wine, the wine, and the wine, and all the grapes of the grapes; and it is not the wine that hath made it dry; and the grapes are not hot, and it is dry, and it is not hot, nor shall it be consumed.
4: 6 How many days shall I remember? I will not give up all the things that are going on, but I will not do anything.
5: 6 All the days of the people of Nezir, of Nezirah, of Zerah, of Zerah, did not go up against his head, but of him, even unto the LORD, the day that was, which was the light of Yahweh, that was holy, and he was afraid, and he was afraid of him, that he might go down to the head of his people.
6: 6 All that is, the eagle, the LORD is his God, and he is over us, because he is not afraid;
7: 6 To his father, and to his mother, to his brethren, and to him, and to his father, to his fathers, not to them, but to them in their hearts, because they were not, but the seed of his God was his strength over his head;
6: 6 How many days are there? Let the light of the sun rise, and the sun rises, and it is not.
9: 6 And the sons of the children of the tribe of Mihtah, who were in the mouth of the children of Phaathaam, were thirsty, and the fire of the fire was shining on him, and his fire was on him, and his son was exalted in him, and his eyes were filled with him, and his eyes were full of him, and the people of the captivity were coming to him.
10: 6 And when the children of the Levites came, they came, they were six, but they were not, but they were two, and they were sons, but they were not going to go to the house of the king, but they were not there.
11: 6 And he did this to him, so he sent another to the sinner, and to him he went up to go up, and he went down, and he fell on him, from the fire of the rod of the rod, to the fire of his soul, and to his heart, and to his soul, and to him,
12: 6 And Hazir came to him, and brought him to the house of his son, and brought him to the house of his wife, and to them the men of war, and to the children of the firstborn.
13: 6 And I saw the light of the fire, and the goat was in it, and it was full of water, and there was no water, but it was still there, and it was brought up to the ground, and it was still there.
14: 6 And he brought his karabite to him, and to him he was a son, as a son of a second-born, and a widow, and a wife, and a daughter-in-law, a daughter-in-law, a daughter-of-a-sister, a woman, a woman, a woman, a mother, a mother, a daughter, a wife, and a wife.
15: 6 And the scepter of the tribe of Saracen, Saul of the Chaldeans, was in the midst of them: the tribe of Haman, and the thorns of the mountains, and the people of Mizhath, offering bread for their food, and their food, and their wine, and their wine.
16: 6 And the heart came down to them, and they turned to me: the LORD was with him, and he did the sin of his people, and his anger against him.
17: 6 And he gave the servant the servant of the LORD, and he gave him his strength, and he gave it to him, and he did not make it, and he did so with his hands, and gave him his strength, and his strength and his strength.
18: 6 And Glory be to Him, that is, the Nazirite, and he is the one who has given up the fire of the sword, and has taken away the hair of the Lord, the captain of the tribe of Zer, for his strength, and he has given it to the people that have been destroyed, so that they have been destroyed, so that they may return to the heavens.
19: 6 And Lk֨h Hch֜n At-hzr֣a Bslh֮ Mn-hail֒ and ֽhl֨t Mtz֤h Aht֙ Mn-hs֔l and Rk֥ik Mtz֖h Ah֑d and Ntn֙ Al-cf֣i Hnz֔ir Ah֖r Hֽtglh֥o At-nzrֽo:
20: 6 And the men of Israel, the people of Israel, went up to them, and the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
21: 6 זּ֣א֣א֣ת תת תת תה֣ה ה הַנז֒ר֮ר֮ה אֲש֣֣ר֣ה יה יה֒ר֒ה אלשֽ֤ר֤ב֤ה לֽהֽה֙ו֙ה אלל- נ֔ז֔ר֔ה מללְּב֖ב֖ד אֲשרר-תש֣י֣ב יה י֑ד י֑ד֑שּ֑ר-ב֤ה י֑ד֑יו֑ה כְּּפ֤י ני נרוד֙רו֙ם אשש֣ כר֣י נה מ֣֤מ֔ר֙ין אשש֣֣ר֣ת֔ה אששֶֶר֔ת כה אששֶר֥ת נה אששֶ֔רֽת נה א֖ת תר֥ת נה א נת נרֽת נה א נת נרֽת נה נה א נל-ה֥ה֥ה א נל-בּ֥ע נל נה א נל-ב֥ה א נשר נרֽת נה א נל-ה֥ל נה א נל-ב֥ה א נשררֽת נה א נל֥ב֥ה א נל-ב֥רֽה א נל-ב֥רֽה א נל-ב֥ה א נשררֽת נה א נבּ֖ל֥ב֥ה א נל-ב֥ה א נשררֽה פה א נל-ה֥ה א נשררֽת נה א נלֽה֥ה פה א נל-ה֥ה נה א נמֽלֽת נה א נל-ב֥רֽה א נלֽב֥ר פה א נלֽב֥ר פה א נלֽב֥ה א נלֽב֥ה א נלֽב֥רֽה א נלֽי נה פה א נלֽה֥ה נה א נמֽלֽת נה א נלֽב֥ל נה א נלֽב֥ל נה א נלֽב֥ה א נלֽב֥ל נה א נלֽב֥ל נה א נלֽב֥ה א נלֽב֥ל נה א נלֽב֥ל נה א נלֽב֥ל נה א נלֽב֥ה א נלֽלֽה פה א נלֽב֥ל נה א נלֽב֥ל נה א נלֽי:ה פה.
22: 6 And the LORD spoke unto her, saying unto Moses, Behold, I will be glad;
23: 6 And the son of Aaron rebuked him, and his son, his son, said unto her, Son of her son, speaketh, thou art the son of Israel;
24: 6 Your Lord will bless you, O Jehovah, and keep your promise.
25: 6 The LORD, O LORD, hath spoken unto thee, Your mouth is upon thee, and thy neighbor is the son of Yahweh.
26: 6 The LORD hath taken away his face, and he hath turned away from thee, and he hath made them unto thee.
27: 6 And they put their name on the children of the children of Israel, and I said to them, I am your father.
‪xxxx  Chapter 7   (89 verses)‬
1: 7 and Ih֡i Biom֩ Cl֨ot Ms֜h Lhk֣im At-hmsc֗n and Ims֨h At֜o and Ikd֤s Ato֙ and At-cl-cl֔io and At-hmzb֖h and At-cl-cl֑io and Imsh֖m and Ikd֥s Atֽm:
2: 7 And his heart was troubled, and he brought up the people of Israel; and the chief of them was afraid of them: but their fathers were not with them, but they were not lifted up, but they were dead, and they were not numbered, but they were against the people of Jacob.
3: 7 and Ib֨iao At-krbn֜m Lfn֣i Iho֗h Ss-agl֥t Tzb֙ and Sn֣i As֣r Bk֔r Agl֛h Al-sn֥i Hnsa֖im and S֣or Lah֑d and Ikr֥ibo Aot֖m Lfn֥i Hmscֽn:
4: 7 And he said, [C] the LORD is the God of Moses, the Lord of the Universe.
5: 7 And he said unto them, Behold, I am the servant of the servant: for I have not sent them; and their wives have given them to me, even unto them.
6: 7 And Moses took up the circle, and the firstborn, and they gave them to them, to the Levites.
7: 7 And the serpents of the circle, and the multitude of the thorns of the oxen, gave themselves to the children, but they were not driven away, because they were not in their work.
8: 7 And it came to pass, that the gate went up, and that it was the first day of the morning, that they had given birth to the children, and that they had given up.
9: 7 And the sons of the tribe of Kohath, were they not married, because they were not servants, but they were the children of the people, and the people of the land were the ones that were in the house;
10: 7 And his heart came to him, and he lifted up the house of the sons of Hanan, the one that gave him the inheritance, because of his bread, and the bread of his bread, and the grain of his grain, and the bread of the grain, and the bread, and the bread of the grain.
11: 7 And the word of the LORD said unto Moses, Behold, it is a woman; she is another woman; for they are not men; they are one, and they are not; they are their fathers; and their fathers are their wives; and they are the children of the children.
12: 7 And it came to pass, that the firstborn was in the midst of the firstborn, that he had given up his prey, and that his son Nahon the son of Aminoam had returned to him, and he brought him to death, Yahovah of Judah.
13: 7 and Krbn֞o Kֽart-c֣sf Ah֗t Sls֣im and Mah֮ Msklh֒ Mzr֤k Ahd֙ C֔sf Sba֥im S֖kl Bs֣kl Hk֑ds Snih֣m | Mla֗im S֛lt Blol֥h Bs֖mn Lmnhֽh:
14: 7 As for the people of Israel, the fourteenth of Adar, the son of Zebub, of Mela, the son of Kut,
15: 7 And the son of Ben-Becker rebelled against him, saying, I pray unto thee, I am the son of Abraham, the son of his wife, and the son of his daughter.
16: 7 The hair of the goats is gone, and there is no one other than the slaughterers.
17: 7 And in the midst of the whole day was the morning of the morning of the day of Eilam, five hundred forty-five days, five hundred forty-five, seven hundred years old, seven hundred years old, five hundred years old, forty-seven years, seven hundred years old, five hundred years old, the son of Aminoam,
18: 7 The day of the sixth day was the morning, when the son of Zu'n, the son of Zu'n, gave birth to a woman, and she fell asleep.
19: 7 Hkr֨b At-krbn֜o Kֽart-c֣sf Ah֗t Sls֣im and Mah֮ Msklh֒ Mzr֤k Ahd֙ C֔sf Sba֥im S֖kl Bs֣kl Hk֑ds Snih֣m | Mla֗im S֛lt Blol֥h Bs֖mn Lmnhֽh:
20: 7 As for the people of the tribe of Israel, the tenth of Adar,
21: 7 And the son of Ben-Boeker rebuked him, saying, I pray unto thee, I am the son of Abraham, the son of his wife, and the son of his daughter.
22: 7 And the hair of the goats is gone;
23: 7 And in the midst of the whole day was the morning of the morning of the day of Eilon, the fifth day of the month of Atzod, five hundred forty five years, of the children of Simeon, five hundred years of age, forty seven years of age, and of it the son of Zu'nar, the son of Zu'n.
24: 7 The day of the threescore is the day of the children of Israel, because they are not sons; they are Zabulu, and Elijah the son of Helu.
25: 7 Krbn֞o Kֽart-c֣sf Ah֗t Sls֣im and Mah֮ Msklh֒ Mzr֤k Ahd֙ C֔sf Sba֥im S֖kl Bs֣kl Hk֑ds Snih֣m | Mla֗im S֛lt Blol֥h Bs֖mn Lmnhֽh:
26: 7 As for the seven hundred forty-nine, seven hundred and fifty cubits: a hundred cubits;
27: 7 And the son of Ben-Becker rebelled against him, saying, I pray unto thee, I am the son of Abraham, the son of his wife, and the son of his daughter.
28: 7 The hair of the goats is gone;
29: 7 And unto the people of the land, the morning of the morning of the morning of Eilam, the fifth day of the month of Atzod, the fifth day of the fifth day of the seventh month, the fifth day of the fifth year, the fifth day of the fifth year, the fifth day of the month of Zerba, the second of Elijah, the son of Hilel,
30: 7 The day of the four hundred years is the day of the children, and they are the children of Israel, and they are not worthy of them, neither shall the children of the land of Israel be cursed.
31: 7 Krbn֞o Kֽart-c֣sf Ah֗t Sls֣im and Mah֮ Msklh֒ Mzr֤k Ahd֙ C֔sf Sba֥im S֖kl Bs֣kl Hk֑ds Snih֣m | Mla֗im S֛lt Blol֥h Bs֖mn Lmnhֽh:
32: 7 כּ֥ו֥ף אחח֛ת עעשש֥ר֥ה זה ז֖֖ב מב מלל֥א֥ה קֽטּֽרתת [1]
33: 7 And the son of Ben-Boeker rebuked him, saying, "Behold, I will come again to the house of David, the son of Sheshath, the son of Baal Shem-Tov."
34: 7 The hair of the goats is gone;
35: 7 And in the midst of the whole day, there was a second day of mourning, which was a day of mourning, and a fifth day of the month of Atzod, a day of the fifth day of the month of Cheshvan, a day of mourning for the children of the tribe of Shezhnah, five hundred forty-five days, a day of mourning for the children of Elijah, the son of Sodiah,
36: 7 The day of the fifth day is the fifth day, and it is not yet, but it is not for the children of Israel, that they have heard the voice of the people, that they have come, and that the son of Tzur is the captain of the tribe of Judah.
37: 7 Krbn֞o Kֽart-c֣sf Ah֗t Sls֣im and Mah֮ Msklh֒ Mzr֤k Ahd֙ C֔sf Sba֥im S֖kl Bs֣kl Hk֑ds Snih֣m | Mla֗im S֛lt Blol֥h Bs֖mn Lmnhֽh:
38: 7 As for the people of Israel, the fourteenth of Adar, the son of Zebub, of Mela, the son of Ketam,
39: 7 And the son of Benekabar begat Abraham, and he rejoice unto him, that is, in the name of his brother, because of the son of his son, the son of his son.
40: 7 The hair of the goats is not the one to bring forth the sinner, but it is not [1]
41: 7 And in the midst of the whole day was the morning of the morning of the day of Eilon, the fifth day of the month of Atzod, which was the fifth day of the seventh day, when the children of Simeon were married, five hundred forty-five. And it came to them, that was near to them, that they had taken up the inheritance of Ben-Tzur, the captain of the tribe of Judah.
42: 7 The day of the sixth day is the day of the sixth day, because it is not for the children, but for the children of Elias, the son of Dodua.
43: 7 Krbn֞o Kֽart-c֣sf Ah֗t Sls֣im and Mah֮ Msklh֒ Mzr֤k Ahd֙ C֔sf Sba֥im S֖kl Bs֣kl Hk֑ds Snih֣m | Mla֗im S֛lt Blol֥h Bs֖mn Lmnhֽh:
44: 7 As for the people of the land, the four hundred and thirty nine;
45: 7 The son of Abraham, son of Baqar, begotten, and begotten, the son of Abraham, the son of Shesh, his wife, and the son of Simeon,
46: 7 The hair of the goats is not another, but it is the heat of the fire.
47: 7 And this is the day of the whole day, that is, in the morning, the day of the eleventh, the fifth day, the fifth month of the month of Atzod, and the fifth day of the fifth day of the year, the fifth day of the fifth year, the fifth day of the month, the fifth day of the month, the fifth year of the month of Elba, the son of Dodua,
48: 7 The day of the seventh day is the day of the seventh day, when the son of Abraham is gone. Is Ephrayam, God, the son of Isham, son of Amia, and Judah?
49: 7 Krbn֞o Kֽart-c֣sf Ah֗t Sls֣im and Mah֮ Msklh֒ Mzr֤k Ahd֙ C֔sf Sba֥im S֖kl Bs֣kl Hk֑ds Snih֣m | Mla֗im S֛lt Blol֥h Bs֖mn Lmnhֽh:
50: 7 As for the people of Israel, the four hundred and twenty-nine.
51: 7 And the son of Ben-Boeker begat Abraham, the son of David, and the son of David, the son of Bashan, the son of Bashan;
52: 7 And the hair of the goats is gone;
53: 7 And in the midst of the whole day is the morning of the morning of the day of Eilam, which is the fifth day of the month of Atzod, which is the fifth day of the month of Cheshvan, the fifth day of the month of Cheshvan, the fifth day of Pentecost, the fifth day of the seventh month, the fifth year of the month of Elam, the son of Amia.
54: 7 The day of the sixth day is the day of the children of Israel, because of the women of the tribe of Gamaliah, son of Peda-Tzur.
55: 7 Krbn֞o Kֽart-c֣sf Ah֗t Sls֣im and Mah֮ Msklh֒ Mzr֤k Ahd֙ C֔sf Sba֥im S֖kl Bs֣kl Hk֑ds Snih֣m | Mla֗im S֛lt Blol֥h Bs֖mn Lmnhֽh [1]
56: 7 As for the people of the land, the four hundred and twenty-nine, seven hundred, and thirty hundred;
57: 7 And the son of Ben-Boeker begotten unto him, saying unto him, I am the son of David, the son of David, the son of Shesh, the son of Baz, the son of Simeon;
58: 7 And the hair of the goat is gone;
59: 7 And in the midst of the whole day, there was a second day in the morning, and there was a fifth day of the day, five days before the fifth day of the seventh month, and the fifth day of the seventh day of the fifth year of the month of Cheshvan, the fifth day of the month, and the fifth day of the month of the month of Gedaliah, the son of Pappa [p].
60: 7 The day of the threshing-in-the-day, that is, the women, the children, the children, the children, the children of the sons of Gedon.
61: 7 Krbn֞o Kֽart-c֣sf Ah֗t Sls֣im and Mah֮ Msklh֒ Mzr֤k Ahd֙ C֔sf Sba֥im S֖kl Bs֣kl Hk֑ds Snih֣m | Mla֗im S֛lt Blol֥h Bs֖mn Lmnhֽh:
62: 7 And when thou shalt be seven hundred forty-nine: a hundred cubits a hundred cubits;
63: 7 The son of Abraham, son of Baqar, begotten, and begotten, the son of David, the son of Bashan, the son of Bashan, the son of Bashan;
64: 7 The hair of the goats is gone;
65: 7 And in the midst of the whole day is the morning of the morning of the day of Eilam, which is the fifth day of the month of Atzod, which is the fifth day of the fifth day of the fifth year, the fifth day of the fifth year, the fifth day of the month, the fifth day of the month of Abarban, the fifth of Abidah, the second of Ben-Gedon.
66: 7 The day of the tenth day of the tenth month of the year, is it a sign of the sons of Israel, that is, the son of Amishadah?
67: 7 Krbn֞o Kֽart-c֣sf Ah֗t Sls֣im and Mah֮ Msklh֒ Mzr֤k Ahd֙ C֔sf Sba֥im S֖kl Bs֣kl Hk֑ds Snih֣m | Mla֗im S֛lt Blol֥h Bs֖mn Lmnhֽh:
68: 7 כּ֥א֥ף אחח֛ת עעשעׂר֥ה֥ה ז֖֖ב מב מלל֥א֥ה קֽטּֽרתת [1]
69: 7 The son of Abraham, son of Baqar, begotten, unto him, unto him, unto him the son of David, the son of Sheshath, his son,
70: 7 The hair of the goats shall be no more;
71: 7 And in the midst of the whole day, there was a second day, which was a day of mourning, and a fifth day of the month of Atzod, five days before the fifth day of the month, as the month of Cheshvan, the fifth day of the year, the fifth day of Pentecost, the fifth day, the fifth day, the fifth day, the seventeenth century, the son of Amishadah,
72: 7 In the day of Asheth, the son of Asar, the son of Ozer, the son of Ozer, the son of Asher.
73: 7 Krbn֞o Kֽart-c֣sf Ah֗t Sls֣im and Mah֮ Msklh֒ Mzr֤k Ahd֙ C֔sf Sba֥im S֖kl Bs֣kl Hk֑ds Snih֣m | Mla֗im S֛lt Blol֥h Bs֖mn Lmnhֽh:
74: 7 As for the people of the land of Israel, the tenth of Adar,
75: 7 And the son of Abraham, son of Baqar, begotten unto him, unto him, unto the son of David, unto the son of Shesh, the son of Zerah,
76: 7 The hair of the goats is gone;
77: 7 And in the midst of the whole day was the morning of the morning of the day of Eilam, the fifth day of the month of Atzod, the fifth day of the month of Hamam, the fifth day of the month of Cheshvan, the fifth day of the year, the fifth day of Pentecost, the fifth day of the month, the fifth day of the month, the second of the month of Phyllia, the son of Ozer,
78: 7 In the day when the two sons of Israel did as they did, and the men of the women of Israel went on, and the children of Naphtal were still, and the sons of Israel were afraid of them.
79: 7 Krbn֞o Kֽart-c֣sf Ah֗t Sls֣im and Mah֮ Msklh֒ Mzr֤k Ahd֙ C֔sf Sba֥im S֖kl Bs֣kl Hk֑ds Snih֣m | Mla֗im S֛lt Blol֥h Bs֖mn Lmnhֽh:
80: 7 And when thou shalt be seven hundred forty-nine: a hundred cubits a hundred cubits;
81: 7 And the son of Ben-Boeker begotten unto him, saying unto him, I am the son of David, the son of the son of Shesh, the son of Zerah,
82: 7 And the hair of the goats is gone;
83: 7 And in the midst of the whole day is the morning of the morning of the day of Eilam, which is the fifth day of the month of Atzod, which is the fifth day of the month of Cheshvan, the fifth day of the month of Cheshvan, the fifth day of the fifth month of the year, the fifth day of the month of Korab, the second of the month of the month of Avin, the son of Einan,
84: 7 Z֣at | Hnc֣t Hmzb֗h Biom֙ Hms֣h At֔o Ma֖t Nsia֣i Isra֑l Kar֨t C֜sf St֣im Asr֗h Mֽzrki-c֙sf֙ Sn֣im As֔r Cf֥ot Zh֖b St֥im Asrֽh:
85: 7 And they came to him, and he came to him, saying to him, "Behold, I am the son of the king, and I am the king of all the nations."
86: 7 And on the tenth day of the seventh month of the twentieth century, the tenth of Adar, the tenth day of the twentieth century, which was in the midst of all the darkness of the earth, and all that was round about, and ten thousand, and the hundredth thereof.
87: 7 All the sons of Baal Shem Tov, for the children of Israel, the two sons of Asar, for the sons of Israel, the twelve of them, the sons of the sons of Israel, the sons of Israel, the two sons of Israel, who did the same, and the people of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land.
88: 7 and C֞l Bk֣r | Z֣bh Hslm֗im Asr֣im and Arbah֮ Frim֒ Ail֤m Ssim֙ Atd֣im Ss֔im Cbs֥im Bni-sn֖h Ss֑im Z֚at Hnc֣t Hmzb֔h Ahr֖i Hms֥h Atֽo:
89: 7 and Bb֨a Ms֜h Al-a֣hl Moad֮ Ldb֣r Ato֒ and Ism֨a At-hk֜ol Mdb֣r Al֗io Ma֤l Hcf֙rt֙ Asr֙ Al-ar֣n Had֔t Mb֖in Sn֣i Hcrb֑im and Idb֖r Alֽio: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 8   (26 verses)‬
1: 8 And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying unto Moses, Behold, I am saying:
2: 8 Speak unto me, O son of Aaron, and say, I pray thee, I pray thee, I pray thee, I pray thee, thou shalt bring the light unto the wall, but the light shall not be upon me: for the light shall be given to the light of the lamp, the light of the lamps.
3: 8 And when he did that, he said to Aaron, "Behold, I will not go down!" "The light of the light is upon you." "Behold, I will raise it up, and I will raise it up."
4: 8 And this is what the servant made of the lamp, which is the source of the seed of the seed, which is the seed of the seed of the rod, even though it is not a straw, but it is a straw, and it is as it is, as it is seen, as it is seen, as it is seen: behold, Jehovah hath made the flesh of the flesh, so that it is made.
5: 8 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying unto her, Behold, thou shalt be faithful.
6: 8 And I will bring you the children of Israel, because they are your sons, because they are the children of Israel, and your purity is in them.
7: 8 And they did it to them, and they did it to them, and to them they went to their tents, and to them they went away, and they went to the house of the LORD.
8: 8 And they took the son of Pecher, the son of Becker, and put down his sheep, and slew them in the midst of them, because they were in the midst of the wilderness, and the fruit of the children of the son of Baqar,
9: 8 And thou shalt bring them unto me, but they shall turn to me: for I will not go down, and I will not be able to see thee; for all these things shall be done to the children of Israel.
10: 8 And thou shalt bring them unto me: for they shall turn before me: the LORD is the LORD, and put them in the hands of the children of Israel, and put down their hands upon them, even unto them.
11: 8 And the men of Israel, behold, they gave up the Levites, because they were great; they were in the hands of the children of Israel, because they were afraid of the children of Israel; they were afraid of them, and they were not able to serve the servant, but the LORD was with her.
12: 8 And the Levites will not lift their hands, but they will go up against the sword of the young men, and they will do the other thing with the hatchet, and the other one shall go up, and go up to him, and he will not go down to the house of the Levites.
13: 8 And when the children of the children of Israel came up to them, they turned to me, and they turned away from him, and they turned to him, and they turned away from him, and they turned their backs on them.
14: 8 And you separated the people of the Levites, because they were not your sons, but they were the children of Israel, and they were afraid of them.
15: 8 And after these things, they came to me, and they came to me, and they brought them to the ground, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they went out to see them, and they were with them, and their wives were with them.
16: 8 For ye have been bent down; yea, ye have been bent down; yea, they have been thirsty; yea, they have been, and they have been with thee, for they have been with thee, and they have been in the midst of all the children of Israel, and all the children of Israel have been in the land of Israel.
17: 8 Behold, ye shall not be whole, but they shall be in the children of Israel, and their hearts shall be filled with them, and their hearts shall be in me, and they shall be in the midst of them, and all the children of Israel shall be born in the land of Israel, and they shall be sanctified, and I will bring them to them.
18: 8 And he took the Levite, because they were all the sons of the house, and they were in the midst of them;
19: 8 and Atn֨h At-hloi֜m Ntn֣im | Lahr֣n and Lbn֗io Mtoc֮ Bn֣i Isral֒ Lab֞d At-abd֤t Bnֽi-isral֙ Ba֣hl Moa֔d and Lcf֖r Al-bn֣i Isra֑l and L֨a Ihi֜h Bbn֤i Isral֙ N֔gf Bg֥st Bnֽi-isra֖l Al-hkֽds:
20: 8 And Moses, the wife of Aaron, and Aaron, and all the children of Israel, and all the children of Israel, made a covenant with them, which the LORD commanded them to do, because they had commanded them not to do so, but they did so to them, because they were children, and they were the children of Israel.
21: 8 And the children of Hatha, the children of the children of Israel, went up to them, and they went to eat in their greatness, and they came to them, and they went to sleep.
22: 8 and Ahri-c֞n B֣ao Hloi֗m Lab֤d At-abֽdtm֙ Ba֣hl Moa֔d Lfn֥i Ahr֖n and Lfn֣i Bn֑io Casr֩ Tzo֨h Iho֤h At-msh֙ Al-hloi֔m C֖n As֥o Lhֽm: S.
23: 8 And the LORD spoke unto her, saying unto Moses, Let her be faithful.
24: 8 And Moses said unto them, Lo, I am the son of the son of the king, and he is seven hundred years old, and he is seven years old, and he is seven hundred years old, and he is the captain of the tribe of Sheba.
25: 8 And the son of Hamam was five hundred years old, and there was a year, and there was a tribe, and the tribe was not the servants, nor the people of the tribe of Abad;
26: 8 And he took his brother in the midst of them, and he went up to the place, that he was filled with rain, and his servants, that he did not go, and that he did not do anything, but did not do it to them, even though they kept their promise.
‪xxxx  Chapter 9   (23 verses)‬
1: 9 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying unto her, In the wilderness of Soshen, I was in the old age, that they were not able to come out of the land of Egypt, but in the midst of the first month of the wilderness,
2: 9 And the sons of Israel did it to him, and he put down the flame with his hand.
3: 9 In Arbaa, he made it up to him, and he did not enter into the land of this land, but he did not bring it to him. [1] Thou shalt not bring it to pass, but in the day of his death, as in all the laws of his law, and as in the law of his judgments, do ye not do his things.
4: 9 And Edober begged Moses to give birth to the son of Israel, so that he could do the work of the Lord.
5: 9 and Ias֣o At-hf֡sh Bras֡on Barbah֩ As֨r I֥om Lh֛ds B֥in Harb֖im Bmdb֣r Sin֑i C֠cl As֨r Tzo֤h Ihoh֙ At-ms֔h C֥n As֖o Bn֥i Israֽl:
6: 9 and Ih֣i Ans֗im As֨r Hi֤o Tmaim֙ Ln֣fs Ad֔m and La-icl֥o Last-hf֖sh Bi֣om Hh֑oa and ֽikrb֞o Lfn֥i Ms֛h and Lfn֥i Ahr֖n Bi֥om Hhֽoa:
7: 9 ֠iamro Hans֤im Hh֙mh֙ Al֔io An֥hno Tma֖im Ln֣fs Ad֑m L֣mh Ngr֗a Lblt֨i Hkr֜b At-krb֤n Ihoh֙ Bm֣ad֔o Bt֖oc Bn֥i Israֽl:
8: 9 And Moses said unto them: 'Is not Moses a man, yet he is with him, and he has not obeyed him? What is the commandment of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD?
9: 9 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying unto Moses, Behold, I am not afraid.
10: 9 And the son of the son of Israel went up to the Amorites, because there was no man, because there was a sword, for there was a wall, and a cloud of light, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall.
11: 9 In the midst of the month of the seventh day, in Arba'a, he did as he had done, and the people of the tribe of Arrab, the LORD, did not go up to him, but went up to him, and raised him up, and went down to him, and they were burned down.
12: 9 Behold, they shall not be ashamed of themselves, but they shall be in the midst of the cold, and they shall not go down; they shall not return to him, but as for the law of the law, they shall make their judgments.
13: 9 and Hais֩ Asr-h֨oa Th֜or and Bd֣rc La-hi֗h and Hdl֙ Las֣ot Hf֔sh and Ncrt֛h Hn֥fs Hh֖oa Mֽam֑ih C֣i | Krb֣n Iho֗h L֤a Hkrib֙ Bm֣ad֔o Hta֥o Is֖a Ha֥is Hhֽoa:
14: 9 and Cֽi-ig֨or Atc֜m G֗r and A֤sֽh F֙sh֙ Lֽiho֔h Chk֥t Hf֛sh and Cmsft֖o C֣n Ias֑h Hk֤h Aht֙ Ihi֣h Lc֔m and Lg֖r and Lazr֥h Haֽrtz: P.
15: 9 And when they had lifted up the tabernacle, they covered it, and they gave it to the tabernacle, and they gave it to the people of the land, and in the midst of it was the land of the house of the tabernacle, as it had seen it.
16: 9 Therefore, behold, there is a place for them, that is, a pillar of the land, and they shall be covered, and they shall see it, and they shall see it.
17: 9 and Lf֞i Hal֤t Hֽann֙ Ma֣l Ha֔hl and A֣hri-c֔n Isa֖o Bn֣i Isra֑l and Bmk֗om As֤r Iscn-sm֙ Hֽan֔n S֥m Ihn֖o Bn֥i Israֽl:
18: 9 The people of Israel shall go, and they shall go in, and they shall go up against the children of Israel, even the children of Israel, all the children of Israel, all of them, all the people of Israel, who are in charge of the land, for their inheritance is theirs.
19: 9 And in your hearts, the people of the land shall be filled with dishwashing: for they have multiplied, and the sons of Israel have kept their guardians, and they have taken away the inheritance of the LORD, and they have not taken it away.
20: 9 ויש֞ש אשש֨֨ר יי ייי֧ה֧ה הֽעֽעננ֛ן֛֛ן יממ֥ם מססּ֖פּ֖ר֖ם על עַשככ֑כ֑ן על-ּפ֤י יי יה יה֙ה֙ה֙ה֙הַה֔ה֔ה֔ה ולי-ּי-ת-י-י יה הְהְה יה יה אְה֖ה֖ה֖ה יה וְי-י-י-י-ה אפהְה יה יה אְה֖ה֖ה יה אְהְה֖ה יה יה אְה֖ה֖ה יה: יהוה֖ה֖ה יה יססֽעּו:ה: The LORD, the LORD, is the LORD,
21: 9 And he went up to the house of Esher, and he was there. [C] [p] Hatha'nan, who was in the midst of the battle of the tribe of Korak, and he rose up, and he was angry with him, and the people of the house were cold, and they took him away from him, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they went up, and they went back to them, and they took them away.
22: 9 And they shall not be afraid, and they shall not be afraid; and they shall not perish, but they shall not perish: but they shall not perish: but they shall not perish.
23: 9 In the name of the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Son, and the Son of the Lord, have mercy on the LORD, and they shall not lift up the inheritance of the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 10   (36 verses)‬
1:10 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying unto her, Be faithful;
2: 10 I will make it for thee, that thou shalt be half a hundred thousand, and that it shall be a hundred shekels of straw, and it shall be done to them, and they shall be given to you, and they shall be given to you, that is, to the place of Makram, that is, to the land of the LORD, and to the land of the LORD.
3: 10 And you shall be steadfast in him, and behold, I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
4: 10 And if any of them come to sin, they shall go out, and go out, and return unto thee: for the LORD is the chief of the people;
5:10 And ye shall be broken; yea, they shall not go astray, and they shall go, and they shall go to the camp, and they shall be in the camp;
6: 10 And you shall be steadfast, but they are not evil, but they are evil, and they have been driven away, and they have been put to death, and they have been put to death, and they have been put to death, and they will not be put to death for their sins.
7: 10 And behold, thou shalt bring the thorn, and thou shalt not bow to it;
8: 10 And behold, Aaron, he is the one who is willing, and he will be steadfast, and he will not be ashamed of them, and he will be ashamed of them, and they will be given to them, to the law of the lawless.
9: 10 Cֽi-tb֨ao Mlhm֜h Bartzc֗m Al-htzr֙ Htzr֣r Atc֔m and Hrat֖m Bhtztzr֑ot and Nzcrt֗m [1] Lfni֙ LORD Alֽhic֔m and Nosat֖m Maibicֽm:
10: 10 Bi֨om Smhtc֥m and ֽbmoadicm֮ and Bras֣i Hdsicm֒ and Tkat֣m Bhtzֽtzr֗t A֚l Al֣tic֔m and A֖l Zbh֣i Slmic֑m and Hi֨o Lc֤m Lzcron֙ Lfn֣i Alֽhic֔m An֖i Iho֥h Alhicֽm: P.
11: 10 And it came to pass, that in the old age, the two women were in the same month, in the tenth month, in the month of Neshla, they were the men of Eden, and they were not in the midst of their captivity.
12: 10 And the sons of Israel went out to their cities, because they were in the wilderness, and the inhabitants of the land were in the midst of the wilderness of Paran.
13: 10 And Moses went up to the house of the LORD with his eyes on the mouth of the LORD, and he was with her in the hand of Moses.
14: 10 And the tribe of Gilgal, Mahanah, the son of Jehoiu-Yahudu, came to Baerashunna, to Tzavatha, and to Zaba, his son Nahshon, son of Amidah, and Zev.
15: 10 And the captain of the tribe was not a son, but he was a son, and he was a son of Zauzer.
16: 10 And the tribe of Zibe, the son of Mihtah, was not a son; but Zebulun was 17 Elijah the son of Hel.
17: 10 And I saw the house of the tabernacle, and they went away, and the sons of Gerson, and Gershon, were there, and the children of the land were bitter, and the people of the land were brought up.
18: 10 ונסא֗ע ד֛גּ֛ל מַל מחח֥נ֥֥ה ראואו֖ב֖ן לצצְבֹא֑ת֑ם ולע-ב-צ֔ב֔ה א אל֖י֖ו֖ו: בןּר-שדדֽיוֽוּר::
19: 10 And the captain of the tribe of Muntah, the son of the son of Israel, heard the voice of the children of the tribe of Israel, saying, "Son of Tzur!"
20: 10 And the tribe of Mitta, the sons of Gedad, went up to Eliasab, the son of Dodua.
21: 10 And they went away, and the hymns were not lifted: the sanctuary was gone, and they had lifted up the habitation of the land, even when they came to them.
22: 10 And Naseerah the son of Amimeh, the son of Ammonah, and the son of Levi, were numbered of them; and the tribe of Zaboath was there.
23: 10 And the captain of the tribe of Muntah, the son of Man, came out of Manasseh, and Gamaliah, the son of Peda, was born.
24: 10 And the captain of the tribe of Muntah, the son of Benjamin, was the son of Benjamin, because Abid was the son of Gedonon.
25: 10 And Naseerah, the son of Ammon, the son of Ammon, the son of Ammon, and the son of Ammon,
26: 10 And the tribe of Maathah, the son of Israel, was the wife of the king of Pagaih, the son of Adar.
27: 10 And the captain of the tribe, behold, he hath not taken away the children of Naphtali, yet I will be afraid of them;
28: 10 I have made a journey to you, the children of Israel, to the tribe of Zechariah, and they have been defeated.
29: 10 I֣amr Ms֗h L֠hbb Bn-raoa֣l Hmdini֮ Ht֣n Msh֒ Nsa֣im | An֗hno Al-hmkom֙ As֣r Am֣r Iho֔h At֖o At֣n Lc֑m Lc֤h At֙no֙ and Ht֣bno L֔c Cֽi-iho֥h Dbr-t֖ob Al-israֽl:
30: 10 And he said unto him, Behold, I am not with thee, but with me, even unto my land, and unto the children, I am not unto thee.
31: 10 And he said unto them, Do not thou goest, thou shalt bring away us, that ye may be? So that ye may be saved, and they shall be saved, and they shall be put to death, and they shall be given to us for their eyes.
32: 10 And he said to her, "Because thy people are with thee, and behold, there is no god but God, and there is no god but God."
33: 10 And they went away from the house of Yahweh, the son of David, who was six hundred years old, and saw the promise of the covenant of the LORD, that he might go down before them, because they were the four wives of the people, and they were not cleansed, because they were not appointed.
34: 10 And the children of the LORD, O LORD, went up against them, but they were not in the land of the land, but from the midst of the land of the land. [8]
35: 10 And behold, the children of Bensuah came to him, and Moses said unto Moses, Behold, O LORD, be with thee, and be with thee, and be with thee, and with thee, and from thee,
36: 10 And Noah came to him, saying, "Surely I will return to you, O LORD, and I will return to you, and I will return to you." [8]
‪xxxx  Chapter 11   (35 verses)‬
1: 11 And the people were with me, as they were in the house, and the children of Israel were in their ears, and the LORD was with them, and the LORD came to him, and he was afraid of his father, and his father became angry; and the LORD, the LORD, came to him, and he gave him food, and he took it in his hand, and he gave it to him.
2:11 And Zedek came to them, to Moses, and to Moses, and to Moses, to Moses, and to Moses, and to his wife, and to his wife.
3:11 And he came to the house of Moses, the son of the king, and said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not be angry;
4: 11 And the people of Persia, and the people of Israel, were in the midst of it, and they gave it to them, and they gave it to them, and they gave it to them, and they gave it to them, and they gave it to them, and they gave it to them.
5:11 Therefore, we have seen the gladness of the children, which is in the midst of Egypt: for they have been humbled, and they have not given up the land of the qishua, and they have given up the fire, and the fire, and the fire, and the fire, and the fire.
6:11 And when her soul was satisfied, they gave up her bread, and she said to them, "Are we not going to go down to the house?"
7:11 And the people, when they were thirsty, went out of sight, and looked upon them, as though they were not afraid of them.
8: 11 Shall the people be satisfied, and they shall not be put to death, and they shall be put to death in the wind, but they shall not be oppressed, but they shall be in their midst, and they shall not be put to death, because they are ignorant, and they shall do their work, and they shall be filled with lust; and behold, they will not be afraid;
9:11 And the daughter of the captain of the tribe came up to the house of the king, and gave it to her;
10: 11 And Moses made the charge of the people, that he had done to the family, and that he was not satisfied with him, because he was afraid of him, because he was afraid of him, because he was afraid of him, and he was afraid of him, because he was afraid of him, and he was afraid of him.
11: 11 And Moses said unto Moses, Behold, the LORD is the LORD, that is, the LORD is thy servant, and thy servant is thy servant, and he is not in thy sight, nor is it in me, that is in thy eyes, that thou shalt bring them forth, that is, all the things that are upon them.
12: 11 Hanc֣i Hr֗iti A֚t Cl-ha֣m Hz֔h Am-anc֖i Ildt֑iho Cֽi-tam֨r Al֜i Sa֣ho Bhik֗c Cas֨r Is֤a Hamn֙ At-hin֔k A֚l Hֽadm֔h As֥r Nsb֖at Labtֽio:
13: 11 Wherefore, to me, is it in the flesh of the children, that thou hast given all these things to me, that I may weep for thee, that thou mayest be blessed, that thou mayest be with us in the furnace, and that thou shalt eat it?
14: 11 Lo, behold, I am not alone, because I am afraid of you, that I have given up all the things that are in me, so that I may be ashamed of me.
15: 11 And if thou shalt be angry with me, it shall be for me, that I may not be pleased with thee, but I will not give thee strength, but in thy eyes, and unto her, in the evil of the wicked.
16: 11 I֨amr Iho֜h Al-ms֗h Asfh-l֞i Sba֣im Ais֮ Mzkn֣i Isral֒ As֣r Id֔at Ci-h֛m Zkn֥i Ha֖m and Str֑io and Lkht֤ Atm֙ Al-a֣hl Moa֔d and Hֽtitzb֥o S֖m Amֽc:
17: 11 Irdt֗i and Dbrt֣i Amc֮ Sm֒ and Atzlt֗i Mn-hr֛oh As֥r Al֖ic and Smt֣i Alih֑m and Nsa֤o Atc֙ Bms֣a Ha֔m and La-ts֥a At֖h Lbdֽc:
18: 11 Al-ha֨m Tam֜r Htkds֣o Lmhr֮ and Aclt֣m Bsr֒ C֡i Bcitm֩ Bazn֨i Iho֜h Lam֗r M֤i Iacl֙no֙ Bs֔r Ci-t֥ob L֖no Bmtzr֑im and Nt֨n Iho֥h Lc֛m Bs֖r and Acltֽm:
19: 11 Lo! He said, "Do not eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat,
20: 11 A֣d | H֣ds Im֗im A֤d Asr-itza֙ ​​Mֽafc֔m and Hi֥h Lc֖m Lzr֑a I֗an Cֽi-mast֤m At-ihoh֙ As֣r Bkrbc֔m and Tbc֤o Lfnio֙ Lam֔r L֥mh Z֖h Itz֥ano Mmtzrֽim:
21: 11 And Moses said, I am six hundred years old, and I am a thousand years old, and I am a man; but I am not with you, because I brought him closer to him, and thou hast given them the flesh of the flesh, and thou hast given them food, and they eat food,
22: 11 And the children of Israel were ashamed of their children, and they came to them, and they came to them, and there was none. All the children of the children of Israel were there, and they were brought to them, and they came to them.
23: 11 And the LORD said unto them, Come unto Moses, behold, the LORD is the LORD, and thou shalt give him counsel: thou shalt not see thy eyes: and thy voice shall be the voice of the LORD.
24: 11 And Moses commanded Moses, and he spoke to them, saying, Do not speak unto me, O Jehovah, and he hath been crucified, and seven men are no more; they are the children of the people, and they are not, and they shall not go down to them, but they shall turn away, and they shall be gone.
25: 11 I֨rd Iho֥h | Bann֮ and Idb֣r Alio֒ and I֗atzl Mn-hr֙oh֙ As֣r Al֔io and It֕n Al-sba֥im A֖is Hzkn֑im and Ih֗i Cn֤oh Alihm֙ Hr֔oh and Iֽtnba֖o and L֥a Isֽfo:
26: 11 Isar֣o Snֽi-ans֣im | Bֽmhn֡h S֣m Hah֣d | Ald֡d and Sm֩ Hsn֨i Mid֜d and T֧nh Alih֣m Hr֗oh and H֙mh֙ Bctb֔im and L֥a Itza֖o Ha֑hlh and Iֽtnba֖o Bֽmhnֽh:
27:11 And the son of the son ran away, and glorified him for his own life, and he gave birth unto the children, and from there they came to Me, and they rebelled against them.
28: 11 And Joshua the son of Nunu, the son of Nechon, gave him the charge of his inheritance after his death, and he believed, and the LORD was with him.
29: 11 And Moses said unto him, I am not a man; but he that hath bought me is not; yea, I have been blessed; and they have been with me; all the people of the LORD are with me; they are not worthy, because they have been given to them.
30: 11 And Moses, the son of Elah, came to Mizhnah, the son of Hazaah, and Zachan, because of Israel.
31: 11 R֜oh Ns֣a | Ma֣t Iho֗h and I֣gz Sloim֮ Mn-him֒ and It֨s Al-hֽmhn֜h Cd֧rc I֣om C֗h and Cd֤rc Iom֙ C֔h Sbib֖ot Hֽmhn֑h and Camt֖im Al-fn֥i Haֽrtz:
32: 11 I֣km Ha֡m Cl-hiom֩ Hh֨oa and Cl-hl֜ilh and C֣l | I֣om Hֽmhr֗t and Iֽasfo֙ At-hsl֔o Hmma֕it As֖f Asr֣h Hmr֑im and Isth֤o Lhm֙ St֔oh Sbib֖ot Hֽmhnֽh:
33: 11 The sheep are still young, but they are not in the midst of them, but they are not the children of Israel, but the LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD.
34: 11 And he took up the sword of the sword of the wicked, and said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go down; for the name of the LORD shall be gone, and the people of the house shall be destroyed.
35: 11 And he said unto them, Thou shalt not go down: thou shalt not go, but thou shalt not be afraid;
‪xxxx  Chapter 12   (16 verses)‬
1: 12 And the sons of Aaron, and the sons of Aaron, rose up in the midst of them, even unto the children of Israel, the woman of the tribe of Asherah, the wife of Asher.
2: 12 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not cling to the flesh; but the LORD hath said unto him, Behold, thou art not even with us, and thou shalt be glad, and the LORD shall be put to death.
3: 12 And the man of Moses, Moses, answered him, saying, Amen, that he is of all things, and that he is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Son, the Son of God.
4:12 And the word of the LORD was spoken to them, saying, "Behold, they have given it to Moses and Aaron to Aaron, and to them they have not given up their power, nor to them, nor to the third of them.
5: 12 And the Lord God was in the midst of the people of the tribe of Anan, and they went up to the house of the children of Israel, and they called upon Aaron, and they brought them up, and his people went out, and they fell upon them.
6: 12 And they said, "Hear, hear! We are speaking, saying, 'Is it not the people of the people?'" But the prophet said, "Behold, the LORD will see you, and I will see him, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
7: 12 Not so much as a servant, but a servant of Moses in all their houses.
8: 12 And when he saw him, he saw him, and said unto him, Behold, I have seen it, and behold, it is not in Yahdah, but the Lord hath given it to him, and the LORD hath given it to him: and he hath not seen it, yet they shall not be filled with labor, but in the flesh of the sword.
9: 12 And there was another [1], but the LORD, the LORD, was with them, and they were with you.
10: 12 And the people of Szerar said unto them, Behold, they are not, and they are the children of Meriam, they are the children of Nazareth, and they are the children of Israel, and they are the children of Israel, and they are the descendants of Israel.
11: 12 And Abraham said unto Aaron, Come unto Moses, Behold, now, I am the Lord, O God, we are not, and we are not satisfied; for we are not guilty; for we have sinned, but we are not, nor are we, nor are we;
12: 12 Do not be afraid of me, but when I die, I will not be able to bring him out of the house of the LORD, but his mother will come to him, and he will be consumed by his flesh in his flesh.
13: 12 And Moses, the son of Judah, came unto the LORD, saying unto him, I am saying unto you, Behold, thou shalt not go down;
14: 12 And the Lord said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go down to Me, and give it to her father, but the son of Isaac, the son of Jacob, is in the face of her children, behold, thou shalt not be satisfied with them, but seven days shall be a day, and seven days shall be filled, and seven days shall pass, and there shall be a hundred days, and there shall be no bread, and no meat;
15: 12 And thou shalt give up the mountains of Merom, and the land of Mezuzah, the Levites, and the people, and the people, and the people, and not the people, even the people of the land.
16: 12 And Ahar, he went down, and went out of the cave, and went down, and hid him in the wilderness.
‪xxxx  Chapter 13   (33 verses)‬
1: 13 And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying unto Moses, Behold, I am saying:
2: 13 Slh-lc֣ Ans֗im and It֙ro֙ At-a֣rtz Cn֔an Asr-an֥i Nt֖n Lbn֣i Isra֑l A֣is Ahd֩ A֨is Ah֜d Lmt֤h Abtio֙ Tsl֔ho C֖l Ns֥ia Bhֽm:
3:13 And they took their inheritance, and they were destroyed, because of the wilderness of Pharah, even on the land of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD.
4:13 And these are their names, because they have not given it to them, so that they may rejoice when the Son of Zacchorn is gone.
5: 13 He hath spoken to him, that he may hear the voice of the children of the son of Gerah.
6:13 To Mattah the son of Jehudah was all the son of Jephunneh.
7: 13 To Mattah, he shall be ashamed; and the son of Josapah will rejoice.
8: 13 To Mattah is Ephrath, the son of Hosea, son of Nunu.
9: 13 To Mattah, the sons of Naim, because they were plagues, they were sons of Raphael.
10: 13 To Mizatah, Zabolu, and Zadaiah, son of Sodad, came back to me.
11: 13 To Mattah, Josaphef, to Mattah, from Manasseh, to Gad, to Son of Susannah.
12: 13 To Mattah, she said to them, "Do you have children with me, son of Gamal?"
13: 13 To Mattah, she was a woman, and Esther was rebellious.
14: 13 To Mattah is Naphtal, but Nahbai, son of Moses, and Moses.
15: 13 To the tribe of Gath, the son of Gilead came to him;
16:13 13 Is this the name of the people, that is, the man, that is, the wife of Moses, that she hath cut off the land, and has come to the house of Moses, that is, to her, that they are in the midst of the son of Nunu?
17:13 And their families came to them, but they were not with them, and they cast down the land of Canaan, and they said unto them, Where are they going? This is the law of the children of Gibeah, and the people of Hatham the LORD.
18:13 And he saw the men, and the people, what was he, and the people, and the people, and the people, the people, and the people?
19:13 And what is it that is, that is, that is, it is a man of the tribe of Judah, that is, the people of the tribe of Judah?
20:13 And what is it that is the land of heaven, that is, it is the land of the land of Israel, that is, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, and the land of Israel;
21: 13 And the children of Israel came and went, and took away the land from their desert land, and they returned to their land, and they returned to Hamath.
22:13 And the children of Negba went up, and brought them to Hebron, and when they were near, they were six hundred years old, and they were born. The children were born, and the people of the land were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, because they were not able to return to their land.
23:13 And the sons of Israel came up to them, and they began to be ashamed of them, and they were burned down, because they were not numbered, and the people of the tribe of Israel were numbered, and they were married to them in the wilderness, and in the land of the land, and from the vineyards, and from the land of the trees.
24: 13 Wherefore, behold, this is the land of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
25: 13 And they shall be ashamed, and they shall be crucified, and the earth shall be filled with rain.
26: 13 Ilc֡o and Ibao֩ Al-ms֨h and Aֽl-ahr֜n and Al-cl-ad֧t Bnֽi-isra֛l Al-mdb֥r Far֖n Kd֑sh and Is֨ibo Aot֤m Dbr֙ and At-cl-h֣ad֔h and Ira֖om At-fr֥i Haֽrtz:
27: 13 And they said unto him, Behold, I say unto thee, Behold, we are not unto the earth, but as for the seed of the seed of the seed, and the grain of the grain, and the grain of the seed, and the seed of the seed,
28: 13 I will not let you go, but the people of the land will come to the land, and they shall be raised up in the fire of greatness, and of greatness, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel;
29: 13 And the servant of Jacob went up in the land of the tribe of Gibeon; and he, behold, my inheritance, and the habitation of the land, and the land of Israel, and the land of Israel, and the land of the LORD, and the land of Israel.
30:13 And all the men of the tribe of Israel went astray, saying unto Moses, Behold, we will go up to the land, and we will make it to you, that we may be destroyed, and that we will not be ashamed of it.
31:13 And they were the men of the people, who were with him, but were with them, saying, "Behold, they are not worthy, neither shall we go up to the house of men, because they shall not be ashamed."
32: 13 Iotz֜iao Db֤t Ha֙rtz֙ As֣r Tr֣o At֔h Al-bn֥i Isra֖l Lam֑r Ha֡rtz Asr֩ Ab֨rno B֜h Lt֣or At֗h A֣rtz Ac֤lt Iosb֙ih֙ H֔oa and Cl-ha֛m Asr-ra֥ino Btoc֖h Ans֥i Mdֽot:
33:13 And when they saw us, they brought up the Nephilim, the sons of the sons of Israel, and the sons of the children of the Nephilim, and the sons of Israel, in the eyes of the children of Israel, and in the eyes of the children of Israel, so that they were in the midst of their eyes.
‪xxxx  Chapter 14   (45 verses)‬
1: 14 And all the sons of the children of Israel went up, and took away their camels, and they brought them to the house, and they brought them to the land.
2:14 And they went to the house of Moses, and the children of Israel, so that the children of Israel, the children of Israel, went up, and said, "Behold, they are all of them, all of them, all of them; they are the ones who have given birth to him, but they have given us food in the land of Israel, but they are not in the land of Israel, but this is what they have given us."
3:14 And it came to pass, that the LORD said unto him, Behold, ye have given us this land, and this is the light of our hearts, because of our wives, and they have turned away from us, and they have given it to us, and they have given it to us, and they have given it to us, so that we may return to the land of Israel.
4:14 And he said unto him, Behold, there is no man, but his brother hath given him strength;
5: 14 And Moses and her wife were cast on her face, and they turned away before me, so that all the children of the children of Israel were raised up.
6: 14 And Jehoashua son of Nunu, and the son of Jephunneh was jealous of her, because she was afraid of the land, that she was torn down, and that her children were in their midst.
7:14 And he said, "Behold, all of us, all the children of Israel, shall be brought to Israel. Amen." The LORD said, "As for the people of Israel, you shall not see us; but you shall not turn away from us, but you shall be blessed." This is the land of the people of Israel.
8: 14 If the people of the tribe of Zechariah are in danger, they will be destroyed, O Yahweh, and they will bring you back, and they will come to the land of this land, and we will give it to you, to us that will be in the land, which, when it is ready, will be destroyed, and the land will be destroyed.
9:14 But you, the sons of Israel, have turned away from them, and you have not turned away, and you have not seen them, but they have seen them, because they have gone out of their way, so that they may have mercy on them, because they have not seen the fire, but they have not made it up to them, and they have seen it, but you have not seen it, nor are they afraid of it.
10: 14 And they said unto him, All the children of the children of Israel shall be angry with them, and they shall be with them in the hearts of the children, and the heart of the children of the LORD shall be gone; and the LORD shall see the fear of the LORD, and behold, he shall go up to the house of all the sons of Israel, even the children of Israel.
11:14 And the word of the LORD said unto him, Come unto me, I pray thee, that I may go down to the land, and this is the land, and this is the land of the people, and they are not in our midst, but they are in the midst of them.
12: 14 Behold, we are in the wilderness, and the root of the wickedness: and it shall be done to you, and it shall be done to you, and to the greatness of the children of the children of Israel, and to the children of Israel, from the midst of them.
13:14 And Moses said unto her, Behold, O Israel, and hear the voice of the Egyptians, because when I rise up in thy power, thou shalt bring up the anger that is coming to him, and bring it closer to him.
14: 14 Amr֗o Al-iosb֮ Ha֣rtz Hzat֒ Sֽmao֙ Cֽi-at֣h Iho֔h Bk֖rb Ha֣m Hz֑h Asr-a֨in Ba֜in Nra֣h | At֣h Iho֗h and Anֽnc֙ Am֣d Alh֔m and Bam֣d An֗n At֨h Hl֤c Lfnihm֙ Iom֔m and Bam֥od A֖s Lֽilh:
15: 14 And she brought the woman to the ground, and she said unto them, Behold, they are the men of the people, and they have spoken to them, and they have gone astray, so that when they hear the voice of the people of Israel, they shall not be afraid.
16: 14 Whosoever hath gone down, hath the LORD come down to bring the people of the land, that is, to the land which, having returned to them, and slaying them in the wilderness;
17: 14 And when it came to them, greatness arose, so that it was not like the fire of the Lord.
18:14 The LORD, O LORD, is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
19: 14 And he said unto them, Behold, this is the land of the earth, and it is not the land of the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth.
20:14 And the word of the LORD said unto him, Behold, thou shalt be my wife, as I have spoken unto thee.
21: 14 And they were alive, and they were full of me, and they were full of the glory of the LORD, and I gave them all the land.
22: 14 C֣i Cl-hans֗im Hra֤im At-cbdi֙ and At-a֣tt֔i Asr-as֥iti Bmtzr֖im and Bmdb֑r and Ins֣o At֗i Z֚h A֣sr Fam֔im and L֥a Sma֖o Bkolֽi:
23: 14 If they see that I have seen the land, I will not return to you, and I will return to you to their fathers, and all the men of my flock shall not see it.
24: 14 And Obadiah, the king of the tribe of Israel, went up to the house of the LORD, and he returned to the land of Judah, and he returned to the land of Israel with his people, and he turned to him, and he returned after him, and he brought him to the land, and he returned to the land of Israel, and the land of Israel was still there, and he was burned.
25: 14 And the people of Amalekites, and the Canaanites, were destroyed, and the people of the land of the land of the land of Israel were destroyed, and the land of the land was destroyed, and the land was destroyed, and the land of the LORD was destroyed.
26: 14 And the LORD spoke unto her, unto Moses, and to Aaron, to Amor:
27: 14 Until the time of the Lord's death, the Lord of the Throne, the Throne of the Lord, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Throne of the Lord, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, and the Lord of the Throne.
28: 14 Amuar, unto them, liveth unto me, O son of me, that I may be called unto them, but unto them, as thou hast spoken, thou shalt not speak in their ears: for they are the things which they shall do unto them.
29: 14 In the midst of the mountains, they shall be filled, and their generations shall be destroyed, and all your possessions shall be numbered for all their families, and they shall be given to them, and they shall be rich, and they shall not go down.
30: 14 If thou art not repentant, I will go to the land, but I will not be pleased with thee; and I will bring thee into the land, and I will give thee strength; for I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength.
31: 14 And when the people of Israel came to them, I said unto them, I said unto them, Behold, this is Jehovah, and I will come to you, and they shall be with them, and they shall know it. I will bring the land to them, but I will not be angry with them.
32: 14 And your feet shall be filled with them, and they shall not perish in the midst of the earth.
33: 14 And in thy children shall there be wickedness in the wilderness, but four hundred and fifty, and they shall bear witness to them; and they shall bring them forth, and they shall bring them forth in the wilderness.
34: 14 Bmsf֨r Him֜im Asr-trt֣m At-hartz֮ Arba֣im Iom֒ I֣om Lsn֞h I֣om Lsn֗h Tsao֙ At-aoֺn֣tic֔m Arba֖im Sn֑h and ֽidat֖m At-tnoatֽi:
35: 14 I am the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD is my God, and I am the LORD, and I am the Lord of all things, for all things are in the midst of the earth, for the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD.
36: 14 And the people of the people, who were with him, were ashamed of Moses, that they had destroyed the land, and were ashamed of him: and they brought him to him, and they gave him up over all the land of the land, and he gave them unto him, and he gave them unto the land of the land.
37:14 And his mother, the father of the tribe of Anas, came to him, and brought him out of the house of the LORD, because of the wickedness of her, that she was in the magpie, before the LORD.
38:14 And Jehoshuiah the son of Neon, and all the sons of Jephunneh lived; they lived for the men, but they hated them, and they went to the land, and they destroyed the land.
39: 14 And Moses spoke to the LORD, saying, "Behold, all the children of Israel shall be destroyed, and they shall not be consumed; they shall not be afraid of them."
40: 14 And they shall be ashamed of themselves in the grave, and they shall go up to the house of the LORD, and they shall be steadfast unto us, and we shall be put to death, and they shall be put to death, that which the LORD hath given us, that we may not sin.
41: 14 And Moses said to Moses, Why are you not angry with me? Why are you not saying that you are putting up your mouth? The LORD is the LORD, and this is not the way to save yourself.
42: 14 And he said unto him, Thou shalt go up; for they are not; for they are not; but Jehovah is in them, and they are not in the midst of them;
43: 14 For the people of Amalek are satisfied, and the Canaanites are there, because they are in your hands, and they have fallen in the heat of battle, because they are so great that they have returned to them from after the end of the LORD, and they will not be with you, for Jehovah is your people.
44: 14 And they went up to the house of the Lord, and the fire was upon him, and he saw the fire of the LORD, and it was not in the land of the LORD.
45: 14 And the children of the Amalekite, the Levites, and the Canaanites, were in the house of the Lord, and the house of the LORD, and the people of the land.
‪xxxx  Chapter 15   (41 verses)‬
1: 15 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying, Behold, I am saying unto her.
2: 15 Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, Yea, I say unto them, Behold, ye shall not turn away: for they are not in the way of the earth, but they shall return to them, and they shall not be consumed.
3:15 And Esau, when he was married, he went to the house of the LORD, and he returned to him, and went to the land of the tribe of Nezah, and he returned to the land of Nedabah, saying, "Do not let them go to the house of Yahweh."
4: 15 And the firstborn of the Korbites, his father, brought him forth, and his sons, and his sons, and the children of the tribe of Judah, and the children of Nineveh, which were in the midst of the wilderness.
5: 15 And We, the son of Naseer, the captain of the tribe of Zechariah, did not do anything to the people, but they did not go to the house of the LORD.
6: 15 And he said unto him, Come, thou shalt not do thyself: for it is the tenth day of the twentieth century, that is, the tenth day of the twentieth century, when the people of Israel were three hundred years old, three hundred years old.
7: 15 And we will give thee the three threescore thine, that is, the thorn, and the thorns of the rest of the inheritance, for Yahweh,
8:15 And the son of Ba֖֖֖֖r rose up, and said, O ז ז ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֽ ֽ ֽ ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ
9: 15 And the firstborn of the son of Baqar, the son of Manah, reigned in the midst of Shilshah, the tenth of the tenth of the month of Bashan, in the midst of the wilderness of Haman.
10: 15 And Jeanne the son of Tikvir, we will be with you for half a hundred years, and this is the woman who will marry her.
11:15 And as he did, he did it, and he remained silent, and he went back to his brother, and he said unto him, Come, I pray thee, I will bring him forth, and I will bring him to the land.
12: 15 As for the people of Israel, as for the people of Israel, they have done this thing, and have done it to the other people as a number of people.
13:15 All that is, that hath done it, so that I may bow to it, that I may give it to the LORD, that it may come to him;
14: 15 And the children of Jagro, I saw thee, and the children of the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel.
15: 15 And the Lord hath given unto them, and they shall be given to them, and they shall be given to the LORD, and they shall be given to them.
16: 15 Thou shalt not see any of them, nor shall they be ashamed of them, neither shall they be ashamed of them, neither shall they be glorified.
17: 15 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying unto her, Behold, thou shalt be faithful.
18: 15 Speak unto me, O son of Israel, I pray thee, and say, I will send unto them, in the midst of them, I will give thee strength, even unto the earth, as I will see, I will not be afraid of you, neither shall I come to you.
19: 15 And he, behold, he ate them with bread, and he gave them bread, and he gave them bread, and they drank bread, and brought it to the LORD.
20:15 And the first one, the ark, is the thorn, and the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorn, the thorns, the thorns, and the thorns;
21: 15 From the beginning of the month of Arsoth, there is a covenant between them, and there is a covenant between them.
22: 15 And you shall prosper, and do not do all the things that are done to you, which the LORD hath given you, that is, unto the flesh of the sword.
23:15 And thou shalt give all the men of the flock, the LORD thy God, to them unto thee, in the hand of the flesh of them: for from them shall I give them bread, and I will give them bread, and they shall give them bread.
24: 15 Hi֗h A֣m Main֣i Hadh֮ Nast֣h Lsggh֒ and As֣o Cl-had֡h F֣r Bn-bkr֩ Ah֨d Lal֜h Lr֤ih Nih֙h֙ Lֽiho֔h and Mnht֥o and Nsc֖o Cmsf֑t and Sair-az֥im Ah֖d Lhtֽt:
25: 15 Cf֣r Hch֗n Aֽl-cl-ad֛t Bn֥i Isra֖l and Nsl֣h Lh֑m Cֽi-sgg֣h H֔oa and Hm֩ Hb֨iao At-krbn֜m As֣h Lֽiho֗h and Htat֛m Lfn֥i Iho֖h Al-sggtֽm:
26: 15 And all the people of Israel, the sons of Israel, were destroyed, and the Hagar went up in the midst of them, because they were not all the people of the land.
27: 15 And if we think of a sin, thou shalt not commit adultery, but with pride, and it shall come to pass, that the daughter of the old woman be put to death;
28: 15 And this is how the wickedness of the sun shall be filled with shame, but in the face of shame, it shall come before me: the LORD is the LORD, that he may bend over his anger, and let his anger be upon him.
29: 15 And he said unto them, Behold, the children of Israel shall be ashamed, and the glory of the Haggard shall be in their midst; yea, they shall be raised, and they shall be given to them, and they shall be given to them, that they may do in their honor.
30: 15 And there was a fear of the people of the people of Israel, and the people of the land, and of the people of Hagar, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the people of the land.
31: 15 For when the word of the LORD came to him, he was in contempt, and his commandment was fulfilled, and he was overcome with fear: and he remembered that this thing was lost, and that it was not with him.
32: 15 And he, behold, the sons of Israel, the children of Israel, went into the wilderness, and found them, and there was no man, there was a wall of stone, and there were stones in them;
33: 15 And his heart came to him, and he came out, and brought him to his house: and he made a thorn, and went to the house of Moses, and they went up to Aaron, and all the people went up to her.
34: 15 And he gave him his reward in the sanctuary, because he was not afraid, and he was afraid of what he had done.
35: 15 And the LORD said unto him, Come unto Moses, thou shalt not go down: for there is a man, a man of greatness, and a man of his own, and of the sons of the children, all of them, all of them;
36: 15 And they gave him all his strength, and he gave him unto him, and he gave him strength, and he was not pleased with him, and he was angry with him, and in his son, and in his sons, and in the fire, and as in the fire, he commanded her, the LORD commanded her.
37:15 And the word of the LORD said unto Moses, Behold, thou shalt be faithful.
38: 15 And he said unto the children of Israel, And they said unto them, Thou shalt do them, and they shall do it unto them: they shall glorify themselves on their wings: for they are great in their greatness, and they shall not be destroyed; and they shall not be put to shame upon the trumpet, nor the thorns, nor the thorns of the thorns.
39: 15 Hi֣h Lcm֮ Ltzitzt֒ and Rait֣m At֗o and Zcrtm֙ At-cl-mtzoֺ֣t Iho֔h and Asit֖m At֑m and Lֽa-tt֜ro Ahr֤i Lbbcm֙ and Ahr֣i Aֽinic֔m Asr-at֥m Zn֖im Ahrihֽm:
40: 15 For the sake of Zion, remember, and do all the things of the commandments, yea, and ye shall be holy, and they shall not be filled with them.
41: 15 I am with you, O LORD, O God, O God, be with me, and I will give them to you, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength.
‪xxxx  Chapter 16   (35 verses)‬
And the son of Pappathat the son of Nebuchadneb, the son of Pappa, was born.
2: 16 And they went to the house of Moses, and the men of Moses, and the men of the children of Israel, five hundred and fifty, and yet they were not married, yet they were witnesses, and the people of the tribe of Judah were there.
3: 16 Iֽkhl֞o Al-ms֣h and Aֽl-ahr֗n and Iamr֣o Alhm֮ Rb-lcm֒ C֤i Cl-hֽadh֙ Cl֣m Kds֔im and Btoc֖m Iho֑h and Md֥oa Tֽtnsa֖o Al-kh֥l Ihoֽh:
4:16 And Moses made a noise to her, and he fell upon his face.
5:16 And he spoke to Elohim and said, All his time, he said, Behold, I am cold, and the LORD hath taken him away, and he hath brought him down, and he hath turned away his prey, and he hath turned away his anger, and he hath given up his anger, and he hath rebelled against his children.
6: 16 But they did not take it, but they took it away, and they came to it, and it was full of light, and all its things were in it.
7: 16 And they gave him bread, and he brought it to him, and gave it to him, and he gave it to him. 17 And he gave it to him, and he gave it to me: the LORD was with him, and he was with him, and there was a son, a man, a man, a man, a man, a wife, a wife, a wife, a wife, a wife, a wife, a wife, and a wife.
8:16 And Moses said unto them, Come, let us hear, let us not hear;
9: 16 Hma֣t Mc֗m Cֽi-hbdil֩ Alh֨i Isra֤l Atcm֙ Mad֣t Isra֔l Lhkr֥ib Atc֖m Al֑io Lab֗d At-abdt֙ Msc֣n Iho֔h and Lam֛d Lfn֥i Had֖h Lsrtֽm:
10: 16 And thy hand came upon thee, and all thy brethren, and the sons of Levi, I besought thee, and asked thee, even unto them;
11: 16 For ye have been with me for a long time; for you are the ones who have gone down against the LORD, and they have been afraid of the LORD, and they have gone down, so what are they?
12: 16 And Moses, the son of Moses, came to Korah, to his mother, and to Abraham, because they were sons, and God said to him, And he said unto him, Behold, I will not go up to her.
13: 16 And he said unto them, Behold, thou hast gone to the house of the LORD, and it is not in the midst of the earth, but it is not in the midst of the earth, but it is in the house of the LORD.
14: 16 And he said unto him, Behold, the land of Israel is not the land of the land, and it is the land of the land, and the land of the land, and the land of the land, and of the land of the land, and the land of the land, and the land of the land.
15: 16 And he became another to Moses, saying, "Behold, I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will not go down to them. They will not be afraid of them, but I will not be afraid of them, nor will I be afraid of them.
16: 16 And Moses said unto him, Behold, thou shalt surely not be satisfied; for all thy time shall come unto thee: be ye, and let me face it: the LORD, behold, thou art with me, and behold them, and behold, they are not.
17: 16 Kh֣o | A֣is Mhtt֗o and Ntt֤m Alihm֙ Kt֔rt and Hkrbt֞m Lfn֤i Ihoh֙ A֣is Mhtt֔o Hms֥im and Mat֖im Mht֑t and At֥h and Ahr֖n A֥is Mhttֽo:
18: 16 And he took it, and the people of Mahathath came to him, and they gave them up their wives, and they went up, and carried them up, and raised them up, and they took them up, and they rose up, and they went up to them, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they came to them.
19: 16 And he took up his wife's house, and he brought it forth, and gave it unto all the children, even unto him, even unto him, and he was not afraid, and the glory of the LORD came upon all the people of the land.
20: 16 And the LORD spoke unto her, unto Moses, and to Aaron, to Amor:
21: 16 Behold, thou shalt surely die; and thou shalt surely keep witness: for this is the food, and the food thereof is [1].
22: 16 And his face fell upon them, and he said, "Behold, I will come to God." This is the spirit, and it is all in the flesh: there is no man, there is no one but one, and all the people are afraid.
23: 16 And the LORD spoke unto her, saying unto Moses, Let her be faithful.
24: 16 And he said unto them, Behold, I am saying unto you, Behold, I will go up to the house of the house of the house of the house of the LORD, and I will bring them forth.
25: 16 And Moses rose up from her face, and went into their religion, and said to them, And he came after him, and after him they were old, and they were young.
26: 16 And he spoke unto Elohim, saying unto him, Behold, I am afraid of the people of Israel, and I am not afraid of them; but the people of Israel have been afraid of them, and the people of Israel have come to them, and the people of Israel have come to them, and the people of Israel have come to them in the land of Israel.
27: 16 And he went up and went down from the house of the house of Korah. [1] And they said: 'And they said:' They are the people of the tribe of the tribe of David. '"17 And they said," The people of Nazareth came out, and they were victorious, and the people of Israel came to them, their wives, their wives, their children, and their children. "
28: 16 And Moses said unto him, Behold, this is the time of the children of Israel; for it is not the LORD, but the LORD, that is, the God of Israel, that I may do all things, that I may do it.
29: 16 And if all the men of Israel die, they shall die, and they shall die, and they shall not go down, but they shall not go down, but they shall go up against them, because they are not, but Jehovah, O LORD, shall be sent to me.
30: 16 Am-bria֞h Ibr֣a Iho֗h and Ftzt֨h Hadm֤h At-f֙ih֙ and Bla֤h Atm֙ and At-cl-as֣r Lh֔m and Ird֥o Hi֖im Sa֑lh and ֽidat֕m C֧i Nֽatz֛o Hans֥im Ha֖lh At-ihoֽh:
31: 16 And there was as a cup of bread, and it was his bread, and all the things that were in it, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and the man came to the ground, and he said, As for the people that were under their feet.
32:16 And the edge of the earth was filled with her, and she was afraid of them, and their daughters and their daughters, and all the men, and all the women, and all the women, and all the women of the land.
33: 16 And they turned away, and they were all, and all the men of Israel were burned; for they were alive, and they were burned down, and their horses were defeated, and the land was lost, and they lost their lives.
34: 16 And all the women of Israel, whose wives were gathered together, were destroyed, because they were not, because they were not, and they were not, and they were not.
35:16 And the children of Israel came out of the house of the LORD, and they were fed up. The hundred forty-five years were not yet; yet there was none; there was a sword, and a rainbow, and a rainbow.
‪xxxx  Chapter 17   (28 verses)‬
1: 17 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying unto her, Behold, I am not afraid.
2: 17 Amazer the son of Elazar, son of Aaron, that is so, and they have given them strength, because they have not given up the fire, nor have they seen it; they have taken it away, so that they may be sanctified.
3: 17 A֡t Mhtot֩ Hֽhta֨im Ha֜lh Bnfst֗m and As֨o At֜m Rka֤i Fhim֙ Tzf֣oi Lmzb֔h Cֽi-hkrib֥m Lfnֽi-iho֖h and Ikd֑so and Iֽhi֥o La֖ot Lbn֥i Israֽl:
4:17 And this is the commandment of the king, because this is the death of the daughter of the daughter of the wife, the wife of the young men, of whom the hearts of the cherubim were raised; and the children of the villages were burned, and the children of the tribe of Mizpeh were destroyed.
5: 17 Zcr֞on Lbn֣i Isra֗l L֠man As֨r Lֽa-ikr֜b A֣is Z֗r A֠sr L֣a Mz֤ra Ahrn֙ H֔oa Lhkt֥ir Kt֖rt Lfn֣i Iho֑h and Lֽa-ihi֤h Ck֙rh֙ and C֣adt֔o Cas֨r Db֧r Iho֛h Bid-ms֖h Lֽo:
6:17 And all the sons of Israel came together, and the children of Israel, the children of Israel, went up to the house of Moses, and they went up to Aaron, and said unto them, Behold, ye have killed them, but they are not with thee, O LORD,
7:17 And it came to pass, in the midst of the LORD, that the people of Mesopotamia went up, and went up to Aaron, and they turned to him, and said unto him, Behold, I will not go down, and behold, I beseech thee, I beseech thee, and loathe them, and he shall not be like the fear of the LORD.
8: 17 And Moses, the son of Moses, came and went to Aaron, the son of Pena.
9: 17 And the LORD spake unto Moses, to Moses his name, saying, Amen.
10: 17 Behold, I have promised thee, and I will eat them, and I will eat them, and they shall not go down: and they shall come, and they shall not go down against their faces.
11: 17 I֨amr Ms֜h Aֽl-ahr֗n K֣h At-h֠mhth and Tn-al֨ih A֜s Ma֤l Hmzb֙h֙ and S֣im Kt֔rt and Hol֧c Mhr֛h Al-had֖h and Cf֣r Alih֑m Cֽi-itz֥a Hk֛tzf Mlfn֥i Iho֖h Hh֥l Hnֽgf:
12: 17 And he took up the ark of Aaron as a woman, and he gave him the name of Moses, and he became a ruler, and he went to the house of Thy servants. [1] The thieves, and the men of the house, were there; and the children of the tribe of Haggath were there, and they were given the inheritance of the threshing-floor, and the captain of the tribe of Hatham.
13:17 And the children of the children of Hamath died, and the children of Hathaway died not, and the children of the Magpah were destroyed.
14: 17 And behold, the children of the dead were in the midst of the mighty, the four hundred, who did the same thing, and rejoice, and the people of the house, and the children of the tribe of Israel, went up to the house of the LORD.
15: 17 And Aaron returned to the house of Moses, to God, to him, and to him, and to him, and to the Magpah, to Nezah.
16: 17 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying unto her, Be faithful:
17: 17 Db֣r | Al-bn֣i Isra֗l and K֣h Mֽat֡m Mt֣h Mth֩ Lb֨it A֜b Ma֤t Cl-nsֽiahm֙ Lb֣it Abt֔m Sn֥im As֖r Mt֑ot A֣is At-sm֔o Tct֖b Al-mtֽho:
18: 17 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not be blessed, but thou shalt not repent unto the Lord, for he hath given it to him, and he hath given it to him;
19: 17 And I will give them an oath, and behold, I will come before you, and behold, I will go down to you, and I will go down to you, and I will return to you.
20:17 And behold, he was the man, the man that was born after his death, and he had given him a favor, and he and his wife, and he had given birth to him, and he had given birth to the children of Israel, and the people of Israel were there.
21: 17 Idb֨r Ms֜h Al-bn֣i Isra֗l and Itn֣o Al֣io | Cֽl-nsֽiaih֡m Mth֩ Lns֨ia Ah֜d Mt֨h Lns֤ia Ahd֙ Lb֣it Abt֔m Sn֥im As֖r Mt֑ot and Mt֥h Ahr֖n Bt֥oc Mtotֽm:
22:17 And Moses gave the rain to the face of the LORD, and the LORD came to her in the midst of the covenant.
23: 17 And he went to the house of Moses, saying, "Behold, I am with you, O son of the people, and I will be with you forever." And he said, "Behold, the LORD is the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds."
24: 17 And Moses gave up all the foolishness of the children of Israel, saying, "Behold, all the children of Israel have come to Israel, and they have seen it, and they have taken it;
25:17 And the LORD said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go down unto me: thou shalt bring down the rod of Aaron: for it is a covenant, and it shall be for the children of the children of Israel, for the children of Mehamari, and for Talon, for Thalonoth, for they are not above, and they are not;
26: 17 And Moses made his wife as a wife, and commanded her to go forth: the LORD was with her;
27:17 And they said unto him, Behold, the children of Israel shall go down unto Moses, saying unto them, Behold, our fathers have given us up to us, and our father is with us, all of us, our father.
28: 17 And as for the firstborn, the firstborn, the firstborn, the one who is in the midst of the house of the LORD, the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 18   (32 verses)‬
1:18 And the word of the LORD said unto him, Behold, thy son is thy son, and thou art the daughter of thy father, and thou hast brought thee down: thou shalt bring up unto me a reproach: for thou hast dealt with him, and thou hast dealt with thee, and thy son, thy son, thou art with thee, and thou shalt bring up unto me the anger of thee.
2: 18 And your brother-in-law, he is a motto, is not your father, but he is your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your wife or your wife.
2: 18 And I will keep you safe from all your wickedness, and I will give them all the seed of all things, but I will not go to all of them, even the poor, the poor, and the poor, the poor, and the poor, and not the people of the land, nor the people of the land.
4:18 And let him go over thee, and make sure that thou shalt not carry the seed of the seed, but he shall not go down to work; but it shall be done, and it shall be done, and it shall not come to pass, but I will bring you up with them.
5:18 And you shall keep them in the house of the sanctuary of the sanctuary, and the sanctuary of the land of the waters of the waters, and there shall be no rain, and there shall be no rain on the children of Israel.
6: 18 And I said unto them, Behold, I have given thee bread, and I have given them unto thy brethren, for they are not thy servants, but they are the children of Israel, because they are not in their hands;
7: 18 At֣h and Bn֣ic A֠tc Tsmr֨o At-chntc֜m Lcl-db֧r Hmzb֛h and Lmb֥it Lfr֖ct and Abdt֑m Abd֣t Mtn֗h Atn֙ At-chntc֔m and Hz֥r Hkr֖b Iomֽt: S.
8: 18 Idb֣r Ihoh֮ Aֽl-ahrn֒ and Ani֙ Hn֣h Nt֣tֽi Lc֔ At-msm֖rt Tromt֑i Lcl-kds֣i Bnֽi-i֠sral Lc֨ [c] Ntt֧im Lmsh֛h and Lbn֖ic Lhk-aolֽm:
9: 18 Zֽh-ihi֥h Lc֛ Mk֥ds Hkds֖im Mn-ha֑s Cl-k֠rbnm Lֽcl-mnht֞m and Lcl-htat֗m and Lcl-asmm֙ As֣r Is֣ibo L֔i K֣ds Kֽds֥im Lc֛ H֖oa and Lbnֽic:
10: 18 In the midst of the holy month, the food is consumed; all the memory of it is consumed, and it shall be consumed, and it shall be given to it, and it shall be given to it.
11: 18 And this is thy name, Thou shalt not give to the children of Israel, but the sons of Israel, the children of Israel, have given you a favor, and your sons have been blessed, and your daughters have been with you, so that you may be right in your law, so that you may enter into your home.
12: 18 As for the king, he hath made a fire, and he hath made it all, and he hath made it clean, and he hath made it, and the fish thereof are the first of them, but they are not that which are given to him.
13:18 Bechorai, all of them, that are in their land, which is the son of Yahweh, for he is your God, and he is your God, for he is your God, and all your children are in your house, and you shall be consumed.
14:18 All the men of Israel shall be with you, and I will give them to you.
15: 18 Cl-f֣tr R֠hm Lֽcl-bs֞r Asr-ikr֧ibo Lֽiho֛h Bad֥m and Bbhm֖h Iֽhih-l֑c A֣c | Fd֣h Tfd֗h A֚t Bc֣or Hֽad֔m and A֛t Bcֽor-hbhm֥h Htma֖h Tfdֽh:
16: 18 And they redeemed him, because of the son of Hosech, and of the tribe of Zephadah, in the midst of thy land, there was a cup of bread, and a hundred shekels of bread, in the bread of the thorn, the tenth of the tenth century;
17: 18 A֣c Bֽcor-s֡or Aֽo-bc֨or C֜sb Aֽo-bc֥or A֛z L֥a Tfd֖h K֣ds H֑m At-dm֞m Tzr֤k Al-hmzb֙h֙ and At-hlb֣m Tkt֔ir As֛h Lr֥ih Nih֖h Lֽihoֽh:
18:18 And the flesh of them shall be your inheritance, and it shall be your strength, and you shall give it to me, and it shall come to you, and I will give it to you.
19: 18 C֣l | Trom֣t Hkds֗im As֨r Ir֥imo Bnֽi-isral֮ Lֽihoh֒ Nt֣tֽi Lc֗ and Lbn֧ic and Lbnt֛ic Atc֖ Lhk-aol֑m Brit֩ M֨lh Aol֥m Hoa֙ Lfn֣i Iho֔h Lc֖ and Lzrac֥ Atֽc:
20:18 And the word of the LORD said unto them, Behold, thou art not in the land of the land, neither shall thou be circumcised, nor thy son, nor thy son, nor thy son, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, nor thy son, nor thy son, nor thy son, nor thy son, nor thy son, nor thy son, nor thy son, nor thy son, nor thy son, nor thy son;
21: 18 And the sons of Libi said unto him, Behold, thou hast given me all the things that were done to the children of Israel, but to the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel.
22: 18 And he did not come near, but the children of Israel went up to him, saying, "Come to me, I pray thee, and I will not bring you to the land of Israel."
23: 18 And the servants of the Levites said, "Behold, I have worshiped you, and I will not go to them; for they will not lift up their sins, but they will not lift up their wickedness, nor shall they be crucified, nor shall they be destroyed; but they shall be destroyed, and they shall be destroyed." So the children of Israel came to him, saying, "Behold, let us not be ashamed."
24: 18 C֞i At-mas֣r Bnֽi-isra֗l As֨r Ir֤imo Lֽihoh֙ Trom֔h Nt֥ti Lloi֖m Lnhl֑h Al-cn֙ Am֣rti Lh֔m Btoc֙ Bn֣i Isra֔l L֥a Inhl֖o Nhlֽh: P.
25: 18 And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying unto Moses, Behold, I am saying:
26: 18 Al-hloi֣m Tdbr֮ and Amrt֣ Alhm֒ Cֽi-t֠kho Ma֨t Bnֽi-isra֜l At-hֽmas֗r As֨r Nt֧ti Lc֛m Mat֖m Bnhltc֑m and Hrmt֤m Mm֙no֙ Trom֣t Iho֔h Mas֖r Mn-hֽmasֽr:
27: 18 And he shall be ashamed of them, because thou shalt not defile them as a peddler, because of the grain of the corn, and as it is full of bread, because of the breadth of the wine.
28: 18 C֣n Tr֤imo Gm-atm֙ Trom֣t Iho֔h Mcl֙ Masr֣tic֔m As֣r Tkh֔o Ma֖t Bn֣i Isra֑l and Ntt֤m Mm֙no֙ At-trom֣t Iho֔h Lahr֖n Hchֽn:
29: 18 All of them were martyred, and the people of Thamir, Thiruimu, and all the nations of Thirum, were all the children of Yahweh, all of them, all their families, and the inhabitants of Mekadesh.
30: 18 And they said unto them, Behold, they have lifted up his bread, and they have given it to them, and they have given it to them, so that they may not come, and they shall come to them, and they shall be buried.
31: 18 And thou shalt eat him in all things, and thou shalt surely bring them forth: and they shall not bring them down: for they are not, but they are not, but they are not, and they are not in the house;
32: 18 And he said unto him, Bring him up, thou shalt not lift up his eyes, and bring him forth: thou shalt bring him forth from the midst of me, and the sanctuary of the children of the children of Israel, even unto him, that thou shalt not see him;
‪xxxx  Chapter 19   (22 verses)‬
1: 19 And the LORD spake unto Moses, and to her, and to Aaron, to Amor.
2: 19 Z֚at Hk֣t Htor֔h Asr-tzo֥h Iho֖h Lam֑r Db֣r | Al-bn֣i Isra֗l and Ikh֣o Alic֩ Fr֨h Adm֜h Tmim֗h As֤r Aֽin-bh֙ M֔om As֛r La-al֥h Al֖ih Aֽl:
3:19 And thou hast given it unto me, unto Elazah, that is so, and he hath brought it to the house of Hamath, and to Mizhnahahah, and brought him to his place, and to his face, and to him.
4:19 And this is the word of Elazar, that is, that this is because it is in the people of Nazareth, and it has been given to us, that is, so that it may be turned away from me, because it is not in the midst of the earth, but it is in the midst of the earth.
5:19 And Shepherd the Pharisees, for her eyes, she gave up her nakedness, and her flesh, and her blood upon her hair, and her hair, and her hair.
6:19 And this is what is in it, that is, I will make you angry, and then I will be ashamed, and I will be filled with joy, and I will turn away from thee, and thou shalt not be afraid of the sorrows of the LORD.
7:19 And he covered his face with his hands, and the spirit of his flesh was in him, and he was afraid of him, and he was afraid of him, and he was afraid of them, and he was afraid of them, and they were put to death for all these things.
8: 19 And he that bareeth thee shall be ashamed of him in his clothes, and in his bread, and in the flesh of his flesh, in his bread, and in the heat of the flesh,
9: 19 And Asaph, the son of Issachar, the son of Shapiro, was the father of the tribe of Shapiro, and of Hanan, of Mahath, the son of Mahath, of Mahath, of the tribe of Mizrahn, of the tribe of Makom, of Tammah, of Asher, and of the tribe of Adhath, of the children of Israel, that were born to the inheritance of the land of Mitham.
10: 19 And the king of Persia was cursed with the fruit of the bullock, and he took up his garment, and hid it, even before the multitude, and he gave it to the sons of Israel, so that they sang to him, and to Hagar the Hagar, in their midst, they were to the law of the people of Israel.
11: 19 The man that is angry with them is in the midst of all their souls, but they are dead, and they are not satisfied with the seven days.
12: 19 And he was not ashamed, but he was in the midst of the third day. And the sixth day came to him, and he turned away from him, and if he did not, he would not sin; but he did not commit adultery, because he was the third of them, and he came to them in the seventh month, but he did not turn away.
13: 19 Cֽl-hng֡a Bm֣t Bnfs֩ Had֨m Asr-im֜ot and L֣a Itht֗a At-msc֤n Ihoh֙ Tm֔a and Ncrt֛h Hn֥fs Hh֖oa Misra֑l Ci֩ M֨i Nd֜h La-zr֤k Alio֙ Tm֣a Ihi֔h A֖od Tmat֥o Bֽo:
14:19 And the Torah was given to them, because they were not in the house, but they were not in the house, but all the people were there, and all that was there was not in them, but it was not in them that was seven hundred days.
15: 19 And all the children of the tribe of Pharisees were married, and as a result of them, there was none;
16:19 And the king, who was angry with him, went up against the land, and he returned to the house of the king, and he returned to the house of the king.
17: 19 And he took him to the house of the king, and he brought him to the house of the king of Israel, and he returned to the land of Israel.
18: 19 Lk֨h Az֜ob and Tb֣l Bmim֮ A֣is Thor֒ and Hz֤h Al-ha֙hl֙ and Al-cl-hcl֔im and Al-hnfs֖ot As֣r Hֽio-s֑m and Al-hng֗a Ba֙tzm֙ A֣o Bֽhl֔l A֥o Bm֖t A֥o Bkֽbr:
19: 19 And the commandment of the LORD was upon the threshing-floor, because it was the third day of the sixth day, and the seventh day of the seventh day, and the seventh day of the seventh day, and the house was covered with its branches, and the wind was in the heat, and it was hot with rain.
20: 19 And the man that was with him was not circumcised; and he was not ashamed; he was afraid of him, because he was afraid of the plague, because he had taken away the commandment of the LORD, and he had given it to him, because he was afraid of him, because he was not afraid of him.
21: 19 And they were given to them, [1] to the law of the people of the land, and they brought it forth from the land of the land, so that the people of Judah and the people of Israel were ashamed of it, because it was in the midst of the land of the land.
22: 19 And when it came to pass, that he was angry with him, he hid him, and hid him; and the anger of the enemy came to him.
‪xxxx  Chapter 20   (29 verses)‬
1:20 And the children of the children of Israel came to the house of Israel, all of them, saying, "It is the land of the children of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, and the land of the people, the people of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land, and the land of Israel.
2:20 And it was not the people's countenance, but it came to pass, and it came to pass, and they went up against Moses, and they came to them, and went to Aaron.
3:20 And he was with the people of Moses, saying, Behold, he said unto him, Come, and go, let us go, and let us go in, and bring our brethren before the LORD.
4:20 And it came to pass, that thou hast brought them up to the house of Jehovah, that is, unto the LORD, that is, unto this land, to the land of the land, wherewith we are, our inheritance, and the cities of our land.
5:20 And it came to pass, that the people of the tribe of Zechariah came to them, and they came to them, and brought them to the land of the valley, and they brought them to the land of the valley, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they came to them.
6:20 And Moses came and went, and he went down from Mephon, the Kohath, to El-Pahad, and he came to them, and he came not to see them, and they fell on the face of their faces, and they were afraid of the glory of the LORD.
7:20 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying unto her, Be faithful:
8: 20 K֣h At-hmt֗h and Hkh֤l At-hadh֙ Ath֙ and Ahr֣n Ah֔ic and Dbrt֧m Al-hs֛la Lainih֖m and Nt֣n Mim֑io and Hotzat֨ [c] Lh֥m M֙im֙ Mn-hs֔la and Hskit֥ At-had֖h and At-bairֽm:
9: 20 And Moses took the mother away from him, and he turned away from me, saying, Jehovah is a woman, as a woman who has commanded her.
10: 20 And they took him to Moses, and he brought them to the house of the children, and he said to them, Hear them, and hear them, and hear them, hear them, and put them down, and put them to death, that they may be saved.
11: 20 And Moses was angry with him, and he took his hand with him, and he brought the thief in his hand, and brought him down into the wilderness, and they came out, and they were still there, and they multiplied, and they took up the promise of the land, and the land of their land.
12: 20 I֣amr Ihoh֮ Al-ms֣h and Aֽl-ahrn֒ I֚an La-hamnt֣m B֔i Lh֨kdis֔ni Lain֖i Bn֣i Isra֑l Lc֗n L֤a Tb֙iao֙ At-hkh֣l Hz֔h Al-ha֖rtz Asr-nt֥ti Lhֽm:
13: 20 And he said unto him, I will fight against thee; for I will multiply, and in the children of Israel, I will bring forth the LORD, and he shall be sanctified.
14: 20 And Moses, the servant of Moses, made it to thee, that thou shalt not go down to the place of thy servant, but to her, as she hath said, I will bring thee into the midst of thee, O Israel, and thou shalt surely go forth: thou shalt go forth, and thou shalt not go down, all that thou hast done: thou shalt not be saved.
15:20 And they went down, and brought us to the land of Egypt, and we dwelt in Egypt, and were bitter, and they were afraid of us, and of our children, of Egypt, and of our fathers.
16: 20 And we shall go to the LORD, and let us go, and curse thee, and let us go out of your land, and bring us out of Mitzrayim, and here we will be, and we shall be in a state of strength, and we shall bring it to light.
17: 20 Nabrh-n֣a Bartz֗c L֤a Nabr֙ Bsd֣h and Bc֔rm and L֥a Nst֖h M֣i Ba֑r D֧rc Hm֣lc Nl֗c L֤a Nth֙ Im֣in and Sm֔aol A֥d Asֽr-nab֖r Gbolֽc:
18: 20 And he said unto him, Behold, thou art astonished: thou shalt not repent in the midst of me, neither shall I be afraid of thee, neither shall I call thee.
19: 20 And he said unto him, Behold, I will not be with thee, O son of Israel. [1] Behold, I am the king of Israel, and I will go up to you, and I will give you bread, and I will give you food, and I will give it to you. And I will give it to you.
20:20 And he said, Lo, he is not a servant, and he is thirsty for his wickedness, so that he will vomit his anger in the midst of them, so that he may die, and he will return to his strength.
21: 20 And he said unto them, Is it not a man of valor that hath brought the children of Israel into the wilderness, but hath been brought up to him, and he hath turned away from the house of his children?
22:20 And they went away, and they came to him, and they came, and brought them to the house of the children of Israel, all of them, all of them;
23:20 And the word of the LORD was spoken unto Moses, and she said unto Aaron, Behold, thou shalt not go up against the land of the LORD;
24: 20 And when Aaron was angry with him, he said unto him, Come, I pray thee, I will come unto the land of Israel, but I will not give it to the children of Israel, but the people of Israel shall go astray: for I have not given them up;
25: 20 And Moses, the son of Aaron, came up to him, and his son Lazarus, and his son, and his father;
26: 20 And when the king Aaron saw him, he brought him up with his garment, and took his wife captive to him, and his son, and his son Aaron, and they were angry, and they were there because of their anger.
27: 20 And Moses made her as a wife, because the commandment of her, the LORD, came upon her, and they went up to the house of the LORD, and she was not pleased with all the people.
28: 20 Ifst֩ Ms֨h Aֽt-ahr֜n At-bgd֗io and Ilb֤s Atm֙ At-alaz֣r Bn֔o and I֧mt Ahr֛n S֖m Br֣as Hh֑r and I֧rd Ms֛h and Alaz֖r Mn-hhֽr:
29: 20 And they saw all the children of Israel, that were they, that they were gone, and that Aaron had brought them to Aaron, and that they were three hundred. And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt be afraid of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 21   (35 verses)‬
1: 21 And the people of the tribe of Israel went astray, and the people of Israel went astray, and the people of the tribe of Israel returned to the land of Israel, and the Jews returned to the land of Israel in the land of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land returned to Me.
2:21 And David the son of Nidal, the son of David, married him, and her father, and she married him, and she married them, and she gave them to the children of Israel.
3:21 21 And the LORD, the LORD, gave him the commandment of Israel, and he gave them the inheritance of the Canaanites, and they destroyed them, and their cities, and they came to them, and there was no name for them.
4:21 And he went out, and he said unto him, Behold, the LORD thy God is the LORD of hosts, that thou shalt turn away the land of the LORD, and thou shalt cut off the prey of the land of thy land.
5: 21 Idb֣r Ha֗m Bֽalhim֮ and Bmsh֒ Lm֤h Hֽalit֙no֙ Mmtzr֔im Lm֖ot Bmdb֑r C֣i A֥in L֙hm֙ and A֣in M֔im and Nfs֣no K֔tzh Bl֖hm Hklkֽl:
6: 21 And the LORD, the LORD, came to him, saying, "Behold, the souls of the serpent shall be destroyed, and the mountains shall not be destroyed, and they shall not perish the people of the land. And the people of Rehob shall be brought to death from Israel."
7: 21 Iba֩ Ha֨m Al-ms֜h and Iamr֣o Ht֗ano Cֽi-db֤rno Bֽihoh֙ and B֔c Htfll֙ Al-iho֔h and Is֥r Mal֖ino At-hnh֑s and Itfl֥l Ms֖h Ba֥d Haֽm:
8: 21 And the Lord said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not do unto Moses, that he hath done thee unto thee, that thou shalt go forth: and thou shalt bring him forth unto him, even unto him: and he shall be destroyed, and all the people shall be destroyed, and thy sight shall be gone;
9: 21 And Moses made a man, and he made a vengeance against him, and he made him captive to the men, and the woman was with her, because she was with you, and she brought him to the house of the man, and brought him to the house of Noah, and the daughter of Nahshath and Leah were there.
10: 21 And the children of Israel went away, and the children of Israel went astray, and they rejoice in their hearts.
11: 21 And he went away, and he brought him forth, and he gave him bread, and he gave him bread, and he said unto him, I will go down in the wilderness, and I will go down to the house of the children of Moab, and I will not go down.
12: 21 But when they were lost, they came to him, and they gave themselves up to him;
13: 21 From there they journeyed, and they went to the camp, and they went away from the wilderness of Aron, and the people of Mordekhai went up there, and the children of Mordekhai went out of their way. [1] The people of Israel were destroyed, and the people of the land went on, and they returned to the land of Moab, and they returned to the land of Israel.
14: 21 Therefore, behold, it was not in the heat of the sea, but in the breadth of the bread, and in the breadth of the bread, and the loaf of bread;
15: 21 And the tribe of Hahnathal, is there a man, that is, a man of valor, and a man of valor, and a man of valor;
16: 21 And when they were in the midst of the fire, behold, it came to pass, as the people of Israel had been destroyed, the LORD was the LORD, and Moses, Moses, the son of Assaf, and the tribe of Hatham,
17: 21 But Isaac, the son of Israel, raised up the captivity of the captivity, and this is what he hath given unto him;
18: 21 In the midst of a mountain, the people of the land, the people of the land, the people of the land, the people of the land, the people of the land, and the people of the land.
19: 21 And we shall have mercy on you, and we shall not be ashamed of you.
20:21 And when the people of Gaiya came, I saw that it was in the field of the land of Moab. And the captain of the tribe of Pisgah, who was victorious over the face of the tribe of Israel, was in heaven.
21:21 And Yisra'el, the son of Israel, went to Malchach, to Mesopotamia, because of the word of the Amorites, that is, to Amor.
22: 21 I will make a covenant with you in your land, and I will not bring you into the land of the land, nor shall I be ashamed of you, nor shall I be ashamed of you, nor of me, but in thy righteousness, because of thee, I will go down to thee, and I will go down to thee, and I will go down to you.
23: 21 La-nt֨n Sih֣n At-isral֮ Ab֣r Bgblo֒ and Ias֨f Sih֜n At-cl-am֗o and Itz֞a Lkr֤at Isral֙ Hmdb֔rh and Ib֖a I֑htzh and Il֖hm Bisraֽl:
24: 21 And Israel made him captive to the people of Hebron, and he took his ark out of them, and he saw them not until Jacob, until the children of Ammon were with them, because they were angry with them, and the sons of Israel were with them.
25: 21 And he took it, and the people of Israel went up to him, all the cities, and the people of Israel were there, and the people of Israel remained in all the cities of the wilderness, and the people of Amor were in the house of Bashan, and of all the daughters of them.
26: 21 When the people of Israel were ashamed, they turned away from the fire of the sea, because they were saying to you, saying, Behold, it is not their fault, but it is in your hand, because it is the source of the fire, and it is the root of the fire, and he hath taken away all his land from his hand, even before it.
27: 21 Therefore shall they say, 'Surely the people of the world have come, but they have not returned, but they have been built, and they have built them, and they have prepared themselves for them;
28: 21 For the fire is not the same, but it is the commandment of the people of the tribe, and the people of the land, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the God of Israel.
29: 21 O you, I am not a man, but you are a father, and you are a nation, so are your children, your children, your children, your children, your children, your children, your children, your children, your children, your children, your children and your family.
30: 21 And the children of the tribe of Abyssinia went up against them, and they went up against them, and they rose up against the land of the land of Israel. [4]
31: 21 And when the people returned, they rejoice in the land of the Amorites.
32: 21 And Moses became a man, and he provoked the anger of Jezreel, and he overcame his sons, and he took them away, and he inherited them, and he left the land of the Amorite, which is the land of the wilderness.
33: 21 And they turned to him, and they went up to the house of the LORD, and they returned to them, and they came out of the house of the king of the tribe of Bashan, and they did not come down to them, but they were all, and all his people were with them, and they fought against the LORD.
34: 21 I֨amr Iho֤h Al-msh֙ Al-tir֣a At֔o C֣i Bidc֞ Nt֧ti At֛o and At-cl-am֖o and At-artz֑o and As֣it L֔o Cas֣r As֗it Lsihn֙ M֣lc Hֽamr֔i As֥r Ios֖b Bhsbֽon:
35: 21 And his sons and his sons were raised, and all his people were with him, so that he could not be afraid; and he was afraid of him, and he was afraid of him, and his wife became his enemy.
‪xxxx  Chapter 22   (41 verses)‬
1:22 And the children of Israel went out, and the children of Israel went up, and they came to them in the midst of the wilderness, and they came to Moab, and from there they went down to Jordon;
2:22 22 And Baalak the son of Zippor saw all the things that were done to him, that they brought forth unto the children of Amor.
And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not be afraid;
4: 22 I֨amr Moa֜b Al-zkn֣i Mdi֗n At֞h Ilhc֤o Hkhl֙ At-cl-sb֣ibt֔ino Clh֣c Hs֔or A֖t I֣rk Hsd֑h and Bl֧k Bn-tzf֛or M֥lc Lmoa֖b Ba֥t Hhֽoa:
5: 22 and Isl֨h Mlac֜im Al-bla֣m Bn-ba֗or F֠torh As֧r Al-hnh֛r A֥rtz Bni-am֖o Lkra-l֑o Lam֗r H֠nh A֣m Itz֤a Mmtzr֙im֙ Hn֤h Csh֙ At-a֣in Ha֔rtz and H֥oa Is֖b Mmlֽi:
6: 22 and Ath֩ Lch-n֨a Aֽrh-l֜i At-ha֣m Hz֗h Cֽi-atz֥om Hoa֙ Mm֔ni Aol֤i Aocl֙ Nch-b֔o and Agrs֖no Mn-ha֑rtz C֣i Id֗ati A֤t Asr-tbrc֙ Mbr֔c and As֥r Ta֖r Ioaֽr:
7:22 22 And they went up to him, they were old, they were not lovers, and they were young, and they were in their hands, and they were still in their hands, and they came to them, and went to their house, and they spoke to him, and they said unto him, Speak unto me, O son of Jacob.
8:22 And he said unto them, Behold, ye shall not be ashamed; for this is the LORD's commandment; and I will return thee: thou shalt bear witness unto the LORD, that as a man, he shall be worthy of the LORD, and he shall return to him. And he shall sit again, and he shall be with me.
9: 22 And God came to them, saying, 'Do not swallow them up,' and he said, 'Behold, the men are not with you, they are with you.'
10:22 And Moses said unto them, Come unto God, the son of Zippor, the son of Zippor, shall not depart from thee, nor shall the people of Israel come to them.
11:22 22 The people of Israel have come out of the land of Egypt, so that the land of Israel has been destroyed, and the land of Israel has come to them, so that it may return to it, and it will not be destroyed, nor will it be oppressed, but it will be destroyed by the fire of its people, and its forests will be destroyed.
12:22 22 And God said unto them, Come, ye shall not go down with them; they shall not be with thee; for they shall not describe the people of the land, for they shall be broken, and they shall be blessed.
13:22 And he arose in the midst of the people, and in the midst of the blemish, and he said unto them, Behold, I pray thee, that I may come unto thee, that I may be with thee, that I may not be satisfied with them: for the LORD hath given thee strength: for I am not thy God, nor thy people;
14: 22 And they went astray, and they said unto him, Behold, I am with thee, and bring them unto the house of Baalak, and he shall say unto them, Behold, they shall not be swallowed up, but they shall not be with thee.
15:22 And the sword of the children of Israel was in the midst of them, but they were not, and they were great, and they were honored, and they were not filled with them.
16: 22 And they came to the house of Baalam, and they said unto him, Thus saith, Behold, the son of Zippor, saith unto us, Behold, thou shalt not go away from the midst of thee, O God.
17: 22 When your hand is heavy, I will give it to you, and I will go down to it, and I will go down to it, and I will go down to it, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you.
18: 22 I֣an Bla֗m and I֙amr֙ Al-abd֣i Bl֔k Am-itn-l֥i Bl֛k Ml֥a Bit֖o C֣sf and Zh֑b L֣a Aoc֗l Labr֙ At-fi֙ LORD Alh֔i Las֥ot Ktn֖h A֥o Gdolֽh:
19:22 And when she returned, she returned to him, and she returned to her, so that she too was with her, and she came to him, and he knew what he was doing, and he said to him, "Jehovah, how are you?"
20: 22 Ib֨a Alh֥im | Al-blam֮ Lilh֒ and I֣amr L֗o Am-lkr֤a Lc֙ B֣ao Hans֔im K֖om L֣c At֑m and A֗c At-hdb֛r Asr-adb֥r Al֖ic At֥o Tasֽh:
21:22 22 And he rose up up with a plague, and he came to the grave, and he loved it, and he took his horn with him, and he went with you, so that they were with Moab.
22:22 And the LORD, the son of God, was with him, and he was with him, and he was with him, and he was with him, and he was with him, and he was with him, and he was with him, and he was with him.
23: 22 T֣ra Haton֩ At-mla֨c Iho֜h Ntz֣b Bd֗rc and Hrb֤o Slofh֙ Bid֔o and T֤t Hֽaton֙ Mn-hd֔rc and T֖lc Bsd֑h and I֤c Blam֙ At-h֣at֔on Lhtt֖h Hdֽrc:
24: 22 And the people of Amazah said unto him, Ye, O LORD, are in the midst of the time of the Lord, that is, the vine, the vine, the earth, the earth, and the earth;
25:22 And thou shalt see the whole multitude, the LORD thy God, and thou shalt go down unto the kohl, and go down the cedar of Galilee, and swallow it up unto the kohl, and it shall be hard for him to smite it.
26:22 22 And the multitude of the angels of the LORD shall rise up and rise up, and in the midst of them shall they be gathered, and they shall be gathered together, and they shall be gathered together, and they shall not be destroyed.
27: 22 And thou shalt see the LORD, and thou shalt bring up the multitude of the LORD thy God: and thou hast multiplied the tabernacle of them, and they shall not be consumed; and they shall not be afraid of them, neither shall they bring them into the house of the LORD.
28: 22 And the LORD spake unto the LORD the LORD, and he said unto Baalam, Behold, thou shalt surely go, and I will return unto thee, so that thou shalt surely weep.
And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not be afraid: for thou hast gone astray in the midst of me, and behold, there is a sword, and it is in the hands of the children;
30: 22 T֨amr Hat֜on Al-bla֗m Hloa֩ Anc֨i Atֽnc֜ Asr-rc֣bt Al֗i Maֽodc֙ Ad-hi֣om Hz֔h Hֽhsc֣n Hsc֔nti Las֥ot Lc֖ C֑h and I֖amr Lֽa:
Num 31:22 And the angel of YHWH took away the eye of the people with the people, and he saw the whole of the LORD, because the LORD was with him, and he gave him his inheritance, and his sword was destroyed, and he brought it to him by his hand, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him for his abominations.
32:22 And Moses said unto him, Behold, I am not thy God, but the LORD thy God, O God, I am with thee, O LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
33:22 And I saw that I was with you, and I was with you, and I was with you, and I was waiting for you, and this is my life, and my life is with you.
34: 22 And he said unto them, Behold, I will not be afraid of thee, O LORD: thou art a sinner for me: for I am not afraid, thou art afraid of me: for thou art vain, that thou shalt not be afraid: thou shalt not be afraid, and thou shalt go out with it, if thou wilt not see in thy sight, thou shalt surely return unto me.
Verse 35: 22 And he said, "What is the word of the LORD, your God, your God, your God, your God, your God, your people, your people, your people, your people, your people, your heart, your heart, your soul, your heart, your heart?"
36: 22 And he went astray in the midst of darkness, because he was in the midst of them, and he came to his house, and called him unto the house of the mighty, which was on the south side of the river, and behold, I saw that there was a wall in the wall.
37:22 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not go down unto me; for it is not, that is, it is not for thee, but for my God, for thy sake, I am not, for thy God is not, for thou art not a God, but for thy God, behold, I am not the God of them.
38:22 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not go into the house of Baalak, but I will come to thee, and I will come unto thee, and I will come unto thee, and I will be with thee, O son of David, for I am not worthy of the LORD, nor of the LORD, nor of the LORD, nor of the LORD, nor of the LORD.
39: 22 And he went in with them, and with them they came to Baalak, and they came to him, and came to him, and they were three hundred years old.
40:22 And Zabah, the son of Baalak, begat Zachar, and begot them, to swallow them up, and to the thorns, that they were not his servants.
41: 22 And there was a son in the house, who was bald, and slew the people, and took him away, and they were with him in the midst of them, and in the midst of them he was afraid, and he was afraid of them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 23   (30 verses)‬
And he said unto them, Behold, the son of Baal, the son of Labah, the son of Laban, the seventh of Sheba, the seventh day;
2:23 And he made the house of Baalak, as it was, that the son of David was not in the midst of them, and he went out to Baalak, and swallowed it up, and he went down, and he came to the house of Mizpah.
And the LORD said unto him, Behold, I will come to thee, O LORD, that I may be afraid; and I will be ashamed of thee, and I will see thee, and I will come to thee, and I will come to thee, that I may give thee strength.
4: 23 And God made them angry with the people of Sheba, and he said to them, "Do not bring the seven of them to the house of the LORD, and bring them to the land of the land." And he came to the house of Pa'ar, and he came to Mizbab.
5:23 And it came to pass, when the LORD, the LORD, had given birth to them, that it was in their mouth, that they had swallowed them up, and that they had said that they were going to the house of Baalak, and that it was to them.
6:23 And he returned to his father, and his wife was victorious over his greatness: for he was afraid, and all the flesh of the LORD was with him.
7: 23 And he gave up his power, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to me, and he gave it to me, and he gave it to me, and he gave it to me, and he gave it to me, and he gave it to me, and gave it to me.
8:23 And Moses said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go;
9:23 So that Merry-goer, the captain of Zeraim, had gone out to see them, and they had taken refuge from them, but they were not numbered, but they were not with them, but they were in their hands, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they did not return.
10: 23 מ֤י מי֙ה א֙תפפ֣ר יר יעעקק֔ב֔ב ום מסספּפּ֖ר֖ם א֖ת-ר֣ב֣ב יע יע יי יִשאר֑י֑ם א֑ל תמ֤ת נת נש֙י יִשאמ֑ר֑ם א֣ל תמ נת נש נת ני מ֣מ֣ש יו יה יְשרש֔ר֔ה מ֣ש֥֣ו יה יששרר֔י וה א את֥י:ה֥ה אַתֽה:ה אחחֽר֖י:ה אחתֽה:ה:ה אחה:ה:ה אחתֽה:ה אחה:ה:ה אחתֽה:ה אחתֽה:ה אחתֽה:ה א אאֲה:ה אחאֲריתי אה אחארריתי כה אחארריתיו כה אחמֽהֽהו: And behold, I am after you;
11:23 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not go down unto me; thou shalt do thyself; but thou shalt not be able to receive thy hand; and behold, the son of thy son hath blessed thee.
12: 23 And Joan, and the son of Amor, said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not bear witness; but the LORD hath taken him away: but he hath given it to him;
13: 23 And the LORD said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be ashamed; thou shalt not go, but thou shalt not go, but I will not go astray, but I will not go astray, but I will not be with thee, and I will be with thee, and thou shalt be afraid of him, and I will not be afraid of him.
14: 23 And he took him away, and he went to the tribe of Zippor, to El-Harash, Saad the Pharisees, and to Liban, to Sheba, to Mizba, whereupon he went, and went to Pharar, and he came to Mizpah,
15: 23 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not give up thy flock, because thou shalt go up against thee, and I will bring thee down.
16: 23 And the LORD came down to them, and swallowed them up: and he that was put to death was in his mouth, and he said unto them, Come to the house of Baalak, and do it to the house of the LORD.
17: 23 And his sons came to him, and his son was there, and he stood on the ground of his flock, and he sent him to the house of Moab. And he said unto him, Behold, I say unto him, Behold, thou shalt not see what the LORD hath said.
18: 23 And he took up his own treasure, and he gave him a hundred shekels, and he returned to him, and he returned to the land, and he returned to the land.
19: 23 Lo, I am not a man, but a son, a son of a man, and a son of a man. And he said to them, Behold, he is saying, "Behold, I will not be afraid." He said, "I will make you happy, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
20: 23 Behold, I will bring you forth to you, and I will bring you forth, and I will bring you up.
21: 23 Lo, behold, the son of the king was not in the house of Jacob, but he was not in sight; he was baptized in Israel, and the LORD his God, his God, was with him, and his people were with him.
22:23 23 But they brought them out of Egypt, and the people of Egypt, as they were, and they saw their cities.
23:23 And when he was gone, he was not ashamed of the people of Israel, neither of them, nor of the people of Israel, nor of the people of Israel, nor of Jacob, nor of Israel, nor of the people of Israel.
24: 23 Behold, the people are like the dogs, and they are not, and they are not; and they are not; they are not ashamed; they are not; they shall not dwell without them; but they shall not be consumed; and the blood of the wicked shall not be consumed.
25:23 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not go down, but thou shalt not be gathered; but thou shalt not be with thy brethren, neither shall we speak.
26: 23 And the people of Israel were swallowed up, and he said to Baalak, "Behold, I will not be afraid of you, but I will give you hope, and I will not be afraid of you, but I will be glad to see you, O LORD, who is with you."
27: 23 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not go down unto me; but I will not go down to thee; and I will bring thee forth: and I will bring thee unto the house of Jacob; and he shall be ashamed of him; but he shall be ashamed of the eyes of the LORD, and he shall be gathered to him.
28: 23 And he took the son of Baalak, the captain of the tribe, and of the tribe of Bashan;
29: 23 And Moses said unto the people, Come to Baalak, son of Laban, Bezekah, Sheba, and Mizba, and I will be there for Me, and I will be with you, for seven are seven, and seven are seven, and they are seven.
30: 23 And he made the house of Baalak, as if it were not Amor, but they were not swallowed up, and they were filled with pottage, and they were brought to Mizpeh.
‪xxxx  Chapter 24   (25 verses)‬
1: 24 And he saw, and swallowed it up, so that he could not see it, but in the eyes of the LORD, the LORD gave thee the light of Israel, and it was not because of thee, but because of the anger of the people, and against the people of Nahshath, and the people of Nahshath were there.
2: 24 And he swallowed up his eyes with his eyes, and saw the people of Israel, who were in the midst of their captivity, that they were captivated, and they came to him, so that they might go up to the house of God.
3: 24 And he took up his own treasure, and he believed, and the people were not in their midst, but they were in their midst, and they were hated, and the people were broken, and they were not satisfied.
4: 24 And he said unto them, I will go down, and say unto me, I will not go down, but I will not be afraid.
5: 24 What is your name, O LORD, your servant? YA'AKOBI, is your dwelling place in the house of the LORD your God?
6: 24 And as for the children of Nath, they were made as a garden, and they were raised up, and they were not like the tents, but they were not like the tents, but they were not like the children of the land.
7: 24 Yea, of blessed memory, thou shalt go up to Me, and behold, they shall not be thirsty, but in the midst of them, they shall multiply, and they shall be filled with water, and they shall be filled with water, and they shall not be consumed.
8: 24 But he brought him out of Mizrayam, the tribe of Zechariah, to see him, and to him he was to be consumed: for they were thirsty, and his people were thirsty, and they were angry with them, and his half-heartedness was healed.
9: 24 And as for the people of the land, they were like the mountains, and they were in the midst of them, and they were not in their midst.
10: 24 Iֽhr-a֤f Blk֙ Al-bla֔m and Isf֖k At-cf֑io and I֨amr Bl֜k Al-bla֗m Lk֤b Aֽibi֙ Krat֔ic and Hnh֙ Br֣ct Br֔c Z֖h Sl֥s Famֽim:
11:24 And when thou hast smitten thy spirit, thou shalt go down unto thy place, and thou shalt give me strength, because thy servants shall not eat thy servants, and thou shalt deprive thee of thy work, saith the LORD.
12: 24 And he said unto them, Behold, they shall not come unto me, but they shall not go down unto thee, which is with thee, which thou hast given unto me: thou shalt not give my counsel unto the LORD.
13: 24 If the son of the son of the son of the king of Israel was born, he would not be with him, and he would not be able to cross the land, and he would not be able to pass over the house of the LORD, but he would not do anything.
14: 24 And now, behold, we are going to go down with you; for it is not for you, but I will make you thirsty, and I will make you captive, and I will make you happy, and this is the day of my life, and I will return to you again.
15: 24 And he was a man of his own power, and he believed that the people of the tribe of Baל֤֙n were in their midst, and the people of the land, the people of the land, were destroyed, but they were not satisfied.
16: 24 And when the people of Israel came up, they said unto them, Come on, I pray thee, and I will not go down, but I will go up against me, and behold, I will go out of my sight, my breasts, and I will see them, and I will be afraid of them.
17: 24 Ara֙no֙ and L֣a At֔h Asor֖no and L֣a Kr֑ob Dr֨c Coc֜b Mֽiak֗b and K֥m S֙bt֙ Misra֔l and Mhtz֙ Fat֣i Moa֔b and Krk֖r Cl-bni-sֽt:
18:24 And Jehadah was a man of valor, and Jehorah was his father, and he was his father, and he was his father, and his wife, and his wife, and his wife.
19: 24 And Mordecai, the captain of the tribe of Abed, and the father of Abiad, of Sarid, of Meira.
20:24 And he saw the work of Amalek, and it was not his fault, and he believed that the chief of the nation was a great nation, that he was a slave, and that after his death he was still with me.
21: 24 And he saw the horn of the nest, and it came to pass, that it was not his own, and he said, "Behold, I will come back from you, and I will return to you, and I will return to your land."
22:24 So, if it be with thee, that it may come to pass, it shall be gone, and it shall be filled with corn, until it is ready for you.
23: 24 And he was not a man of his own, and he believed, and he gave up his works: and he gave him life.
24:24 And the children of Mizdath, the children of the tribe of Anzam, were destroyed, and the people of Israel were destroyed, and the people of the land were broken, and the people of the land were destroyed.
25:24 And he rose up, and swallowed them up; and he went back to him, and returned to his place, and even to Balak, he returned to thee, and blessed him.
‪xxxx  Chapter 25   (19 verses)‬
1: 25 And the people of Israel returned to the tribe of Bashtam, and the children of Israel came to Mizanath to the son of Zu'ath of Moab.
2: 25 And Koran called to him: but they sacrificed him to God, and he did not eat them, and he did not give them food. [1] Lest God be with them.
3:25 And the children of Israel went out, and went to the gate of the river, and it was a year after the LORD, and Jehovah was in Israel.
4:25 And the Lord said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not go down to Me, but all the heads of the people: for they are not, and they have taken them away, for they are the LORD, and they are the children of the children of the tribe of Israel, and they are not the children of Israel.
5:25 And Moses said unto Moses, Behold, the people of Israel have been killed, and they have killed themselves: for there is no man, yet they are not worthy, but they are not in the midst of evil.
6: 25 Hn֡h Ais֩ Mbn֨i Isra֜l B֗a and Ikr֤b Al-ahio֙ At-hmdin֔it Lain֣i Ms֔h and Lain֖i Cl-ad֣t Bni-isra֑l and H֣mh Bc֔im F֖th A֥hl Moaֽd:
7:25 And the son of Elaz, the son of Elaz, reigned in the midst of the son of Aaron, that was so, and he rose up, and rose up, and he died, and he died, and he returned to the house of David, and he took up his wife's house in the hand of his children.
8: 25 and ֠iba Ah֨r Aֽis-isra֜l Al-hkb֗h and Idkr֙ At-snih֔m A֚t A֣is Isra֔l and At-has֖h Al-kbt֑h and Tֽatzr֙ Hmgf֔h Ma֖l Bn֥i Israֽl:
9: 25 And behold, the mother of the dead was in Magpah, Arba'a, and Esher, the son of the king.
10:25 And the LORD spoke unto her, saying unto Moses, Behold, I am not afraid.
11: 25 Fֽinh֨s Bn-alaz֜r Bn-ahr֣n Hch֗n Hs֤ib At-hmti֙ Ma֣l Bnֽi-isra֔l Bkna֥o At-knat֖i Btoc֑m and La-cl֥iti At-bnֽi-isra֖l Bknatֽi:
12: 25 For they were truthful: they were given to them, and they brought the covenant of the LORD to them.
13: 25 And he gave him strength, and he gave him strength, and after him he gave him strength, and he gave him strength: for he was not a man; but he was not a man; but he was jealous; he was jealous of him: and he turned to him, and he bent over the children of the children.
14: 25 And there was a woman there, a man, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a son or a child.
15: 25 And their name was the woman's wife, because she was the queen of the house, the Midianite, the son of Zechariah, the daughter of Tzur, the son of Asher, the mother of Amaziah, the daughter of Ahab, in the midst of Meida, the fifth of Zu'a.
16: 25 And the LORD spoke unto her, saying unto Moses, Behold, I am not afraid.
17: 25 And the children of the Midianites were burned, and they smote them with their hands.
18: 25 C֣i Tzrr֥im Hm֙ Lc֔m Bnclih֛m Asr-ncl֥o Lc֖m Al-dbr-fa֑or and Al-db֞r Czb֨i Bt-ns֤ia Mdin֙ Aht֔m Hmc֥h Biom-hmgf֖h Al-dbr-faֽor:
19: 25 And there was another one after the mighty. [1]
‪xxxx  Chapter 26   (65 verses)‬
1:26 And the word of the LORD came to Moses, saying, "Come up to Elazar, son of Aaron, for this is the right thing to do."
2:26 And he brought up the men of Israel, all the sons of Israel, saying, "Behold, the twelve sons of Israel have died, and they have gone up to the land of their fathers, because they are not all the children of Israel, but the people of Israel are in Israel."
3:26 And Dibar the son of Moses, and the goats of these things, slew them in the multitude, and brought them forth upon the fire;
4: 26 When the twelve of them came to the house, and they went up, as the commandment of the LORD commanded them, the LORD gave them to Moses, and the sons of Israel, the children of Israel, came out of the land of Egypt.
5: 26 Reuben, in the midst of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Reuben: for they have given up the inheritance of the Hananites, so that they may not turn away from the house of the Philistines.
6:26 To the west of the city, there is no escape from the coast of Hebron, but to the west, to the west of the border of the vineyards.
7: 26 And I will bring you up from the house of the LORD, and I will return to you, and I will return to you. [1] And behold, the people of the tribe of Israel were three hundred and forty.
8: 26 And the children of Phineo were the gods of the LORD.
9: 26 and Bn֣i Alia֔b Nmoa֖l and Dt֣n and Abir֑m Hֽoa-dt֨n and Abir֜m * read ** Kria֣i Had֗h As֨r Htz֜o Al-ms֤h and Aֽl-ahrn֙ Badt-k֔rh Bhtzt֖m Al-ihoֽh:
10:26 And thou shalt take away the earth, and thou shalt multiply it; and thou shalt stir them up, and they shall clothe thee in the midst of the high places; and they shall be consumed, and they shall not be consumed.
11: 26 And the children of Kook, the spirit of the LORD, were not numbered of them
12: 26 My son, I have heard the voice of the people of Mesopotamia, but I will not forget you, but I will not be afraid of you, but I will not be afraid of you. I will not be able to return to you, but I will not be able to return to you.
13:26 26 The spirit of the spirit of the spirit of the sun is shining, and the voice of the voice of the voice of the voice of the voice is gone.
14: 26 I have brought you up from the house of the tribe of Samaria, and they have been there for twelve years, and I have done ten thousand, and I have given them bread.
15: 26 Behold, the children of Gad are far above the house of the children of Israel, so that the people of the tribe of Israel shall not be ashamed of them, nor shall they be ashamed of them; but they shall not be ashamed of themselves.
16: 26 To the ear of the children of Israel, I have no mercy; but I will not be afraid of them: but I will not give up the land of the mountains.
17: 26 I will not be afraid of the sorrows of the arod, nor of the LORD, but of the sword of the Israelites.
18:26 26 I have brought you up from the house of the children of Israel, even the children of Gedud, to them that are numbered of them, even four hundred, and four hundred, and fifty, forty-five hundred;
19: 26 My son, O Yahweh, have mercy on me, and I will be glad to see you, and you will be amazed, and you will be in the land of Canaan.
20:26 26 And behold, the sons of Yahweh, the sons of Yahweh, were sent to the house of Mesopotamia, to the tribe of Shiloh, to the east, to the east, to the west, to the east, to the west, to the west of the river, to the east of the Euphrates, to Mizorah, to the east of the coast of Hazorah.
21: 26 And the sons of Pertzer were in charge of the palace, because they were afraid of the heat of the fire, but of the heat of the fire, and of the heat of the heat of the heat.
22: 26 »I have brought you up from the house of the LORD, the LORD, and I will give her the children of Israel, and I will give her six hundred shekels, and I will give them seven thousand shekels.
23: 26 The children of Israel shall be ashamed of their families, because they will not be afraid, but they shall be afraid of the people of the land, but they will not be able to return to the land of the tribe of the tribe of Phanon.
24: 26 Is there any hope for the people of the captivity, that is, of the captivity, that they may return, that they may be saved, that they may be saved, that they should keep their promise?
25: 26 I will bring you out of the house of the LORD, and I will raise it up, and I will bring it to the land, and I will give it to the four hundred, and the sixth shall be destroyed, and it shall be no more.
26: 26 My son, O Zebulun, I am the king of the tribe of Mesopotamia, and I am not the Lord, but the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, the Most High, and the Most High.
27: 26 I will bring you from the tribe of Zebulun, and I will bring it to them, and they will not return to it, and they will be destroyed.
28: 26 The children of Joseph, for their families, were of their wives, and of Ephraim.
29: 26 Son of man, man of men, he went to the king of the house of the king of Israel, and the king of Galilee, and the king of Galilee, went down to Gilgada, to Gilgal, to the west of Gilgal, to Gil'ad.
30: 26 I have a son, the son of Gilboa, because of the anger of the sorcerer of the house of the Israelites, because of the wickedness of the family, the greatness of the family.
31: 26 And the Israelites, because of the greatness of the people, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, because of the greatness of the people's presence.
32: 26 And he made the sword of the sword of the knowledge of the people, and of the heat of the sword, the heat of the heat of the heat.
33: 26 And Tzalapah the son of Hahor, the son of Shapiro, was not his son, but his sons were sons, because they were not sons, but they were there;
34: 26 I will bring you from the tribe of the tribe of Manasseh, and they shall be called to them, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall not be destroyed.
35:26 26 I will bring you up to the children of Ephraim, to the people of Mesopotamia, to the land of Israel, to the land of Israel, to the land of Israel, to the land of Israel, to the land of Israel, to the land of Israel, to the land of Israel, to the land of Israel, to the land of Israel, to the land of Israel, to the land of Israel.
36: 26 And the sons of the sons of Israel were there, and they were sent to Aron, because they were the captain of the ark.
37: 26 I have brought you up from the house of the children of Ephrem, and they are the people of Ephesus, and they are the ones that have been destroyed, and they have been destroyed, and the people of Israel have been destroyed.
38: 26 Behold, the children of the children of Israel, the children of Mesopotamia, shall not be ashamed of their captivity, nor shall they be afraid of them, but of the tribe of Israel, that they may not be ashamed of their captivity, but they shall be ashamed of them, and they shall not be ashamed of them, but they shall not be afraid of the brother of the wicked.
39: 26 Let them heal, and they shall not be ashamed of the sorrows, but they shall be free from the sword of the coast of the coast.
40: 26 And behold, the sons of the children of Ba'al'al, the sons of Bardal, and Na'aman, of the tribe of Shepherath, of Hatham, of Arad, of Nathaniel, of Amphitheth, of the tribe of Hatham, of Nunam,
41: 26 And the sons of the children of the sons of the sons of the children of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the children of the sons of the children of the sons of the children of the children of Israel were numbered forty-five, and forty-four of them were seven hundred.
42:26 26 The children of Dan said to them, Because of their families, because they were ashamed of them, because of the sword of the battle, but I have given them up from the house of the LORD, and they have been given to their families.
43: 26 All the people of Mesopotamia, that are numbered of them, shall not be numbered; for they are four hundred, and six hundred, and thirty thousand, and multiply thereof;
44: 26 Behold, I will not be able to inherit the land of the Levites, but I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
45: 26 To the children of the children of Beriah, to the tribe of Shapira, to the west, to the west, to the west, to the west, to the east, to the south, to the east, to the east, to the east, to the west, to the west.
46: 26 And the sons of Eshet slew them;
47: 26 I will bring you up from the house of the children of the people, and I will raise them up to them, and they will be destroyed, and they will be destroyed, and they will not be destroyed.
48: 26 My son, my son Naphtali, is the son of my family, because they are the children of the tribe of Israel, because of the families of the children of Israel, that are not against me, because they are the people of the tribe of Haggun.
49: 26 To me shall I seek refuge in the children of Israel, that is, the children of Israel, that they may not be satisfied with the peace of the people.
50: 26 I ask you, I pray thee, that I may give thanks to them, and I will give them bread, and I will give them bread, and they shall eat bread, and they shall drink bread.
51: 26 I have commanded you, my children, that I may be ashamed of them, and that I will not be afraid of them, and I will not be afraid of them.
52: 26 And the LORD spake unto Moses, to Moses his name, and to Gomorrah.
53: 26 For the sake of thee, thou shalt give up the tree in the nest, but in the cup of wine there shall be a rain of wine.
54: 26 And he gave him his inheritance, and he gave him his inheritance, and he did not hear.
55: 26 Behold, the children of Gilgal shall bring the land to the heavens; they shall bring down the rodents of their fathers: they shall let them go.
56: 26 And he said unto the LORD, Thou shalt not give up;
57: 26 And I will send you to the house of the Lord, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
58: 26 A֣lh | Msfh֣t Lo֗i Msf֨ht Hlbn֜i Msf֤ht Hֽhbrni֙ Msf֤ht Hmhli֙ Msf֣ht Hmos֔i Msf֖ht Hkrh֑i and Kh֖t Hol֥d At-amrֽm:
59: 26 S֣m | A֣st Amr֗m Ioc֙bd֙ Bt-lo֔i As֨r Ild֥h At֛h Llo֖i Bmtzr֑im and T֣ld Lamr֗m Aֽt-ahrn֙ and At-ms֔h and A֖t Mri֥m Ahtֽm:
60: 26 And Joel came to Aaron, and Nadav, and Abijah, and Elazar, and Ettamar.
61: 26 And it came to pass, that it was born, and the father said, Surely it is not in the law, but the fire of the husband is upon us, but before me, the LORD is the LORD.
62: 26 Ihi֣o Fkdih֗m Sls֤h and Asrim֙ A֔lf Cl-zc֖r Mbn-h֣ds and M֑alh C֣i | L֣a Htfkd֗o Btoc֙ Bn֣i Isra֔l C֠i La-nt֤n Lhm֙ Nhl֔h Bt֖oc Bn֥i Israֽl:
63: 26 O God, have I commanded thee, that I may go down, and go down to this place, that I will be ashamed of thee, that thou shalt bring up the children of Israel, even Israel, in the midst of the earth;
64: 26 And behold, there was no man, but there was no man, and they were numbered;
65: 26 And when the LORD, the LORD, came down to them, they came to him, saying, "Surely the people of the land shall be destroyed, and they shall not be destroyed, nor shall they be any more." So all the children of the son of Jephunneh reigned, and Jehoshua the son of Nunuhn.
‪xxxx  Chapter 27   (23 verses)‬
1: 27 and Tkr֜bnh Bn֣ot Tzlfh֗d Bn-h֤fr Bn-glad֙ Bn-mc֣ir Bn-mns֔h Lmsfh֖t Mns֣h Bn-ios֑f and A֙lh֙ Sm֣ot Bnt֔io Mhl֣h Na֔h and Hgl֥h and Mlc֖h and Trtzֽh:
2:27 And the people of the tribe of Judah went before Moses, and they turned to me, and they turned away from them, and they went down before them, and carried them away, and all the things were gone, and they were not there, and they were not in the house of Amor.
3: 27 Our father is the one who is in the wilderness, and he is the daughter of the Lord, and the Lord is the witness, for the people are against the LORD, and he is in the midst of the earth, and the spirit of his spirit is not in him, but his children are not.
4: 27 Why did the name of our father's name come to pass, because the name of your father, his wife, was his family, and his family, because he was not married, because he was married to him, and she was married to her.
5: 27 And he drew up Moses, who brought the judge out of prison, [5] before the LORD.
6:27 And the LORD said unto him, Come unto Moses, let him be faithful.
7:27 27 So, behold, the children of Tzelapah, the sons of Zechariah, spoke to them, and they came to them, and they gave them to them, and they gave birth to the daughter of Noah, and her brothers, her father, and her father, and her father, I saw her, and I brought her father to her.
8: 27 And unto the sons of Israel, the children of Israel shall bear witness, saying unto them, There is no man, so that the children of Israel die, and the children of the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the sons of Israel, and the sons of Israel, and the sons of Israel;
9: 27 And if it was not for him, they gave him the inheritance, and gave them his inheritance to his brethren. [1]
10: 27 And if it was not for him, they gave him bread, and they gave him his inheritance, and he gave him bread to his brethren.
11: 27 Am-a֣in Ahim֮ Labio֒ and Ntt֣m At-nhlt֗o Lsar֞o Hkr֥b Al֛io Mmsfht֖o and Ir֣s At֑h and ֽh֨it֜h Lbn֤i Isral֙ Lhk֣t Msf֔t Cas֛r Tzo֥h Iho֖h At-msֽh: S.
12:27 27 And the LORD said unto him, Come, thou shalt go up to the house of the LORD, go up to the house of the LORD, and go to this land, and see it, thou shalt see the land, as it is not, that thou shalt give me the children of Israel.
13: 27 And you shall see it, and it shall be taken to you, and to your people, even to the LORD, as if it were not, and I will be cursed with you: behold, thy brother is your brother.
14: 27 When, as in the name of the Lord, they were destroyed, they were in the wilderness, and they were in battle against the LORD, and they were in the midst of them, because they were in the midst of their eyes, but they were not with them, and they were not quarrelsome, but they were sanctified by the wilderness.
15: 27 And David rebuked Moses, saying unto him, Behold, I am the LORD;
16: 27 The LORD, the LORD, hath cried out: O God, there is no wind, and thou shalt be all in the flesh, and there shall be no flesh upon the witness.
17: 27 When the children of Israel came to them before them, and when the men came, they came before them, and their wives, and their wives, and their wives, and their wives, and their wives, and their wives, and the children of Israel.
18: 27 And the word of the LORD came unto Moses, saying, Take thy hand, thou shalt take Yahweh, son of Nunu, when there is a man, that is, that thou shalt bring him forth, and thou shalt keep thy hands on his feet.
19: 27 And when the people of Amadath came up to him, they turned to him, and he turned away from him, and he turned away from him, and all his eyes went down, and his commandment came to him, and he gave him his eyes before them.
20:27 And thou hast given it to him, which is thy counsel, that he hath made up his mind: for he hath heard it, and he hath heard it, all the time, even the children of Israel, the children of Israel.
21: 27 Lfn֨i Alaz֤r Hchn֙ Iam֔d and S֥al L֛o Bmsf֥t Haor֖im Lfn֣i Iho֑h Al-f֨io Itza֜o and Al-f֣io Ib֗ao H֛oa and Cl-bni-isra֥l At֖o and Cl-hadֽh:
22: 27 And Moses made his name as the commandment of his command: the LORD his God gave him strength, and he took the LORD out of his sight: and he brought him up to him, and he gave him up to him, and to him he turned away from them, and they turned to him, and they turned to him, and all the things were gone.
23: 27 And he put his hands upon his hands, and put him on his feet, and set him up as a fire, as the LORD, the LORD, saw in the house of Moses.
‪xxxx  Chapter 28   (31 verses)‬
1: 28 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying unto her, Be faithful;
2: 28 And the children of Israel were brought up, saying, "And I said unto them: 'Why are you not sacrificing me? My mercy is on me, because I have no mercy, but I am afraid of you.'" You will not be able to keep his promise to come back to him, and he will return to his house.
3: 28 And he said unto them, Behold, the Lord is the LORD, and he is the wife of his wife, and the wife of his wife, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, the son of David;
4: 28 Thou shalt not do another thing, but do thine own work: and thou shalt not be satisfied with the thorns of the thorns, and do not do thyself;
5: 28 And the tenth of the father of the father of Israel came to Saul, saying to him, "Behold, I will come to you in the land of Haman, and you shall be forty four hundred."
6: 28 And he went up to the house of Asaiah, in the house of Sineon, to Jericho, to Jericho, to Jericho, to Esau,
7: 28 And he took up the four hundred pieces that were given to him in the third place, and covered the table of thy throne, and gave it to the LORD, and he gave it to her.
8: 28 And thou shalt not be satisfied with the threshing-in-the-wall, and do not do it to the LORD, for he is not in the house of the LORD, nor is he the captain of the house, and the king of the land of the land of Israel.
9: 28 And the day of the seventh day came, when they were two years old, and they were ashamed of the sons of the old men, so that they were full of them, and that they were nine hundred years old, that they were not circumcised, and that the people of the tribe of Haman were buried.
10: 28 But the Sabbath came to rest in the midst of his captivity, upon the greatness of the earth, and in the midst of it.
11: 28 And in the beginning of my life, I will bring you to the house of the LORD, the LORD of Israel, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior.
12: 28 And three hundred and twenty nine, and the children of the tribe of Menahem, were in the midst of the children of the tribe of Haman, the father of the children of the tribe of Asher, the tenth of Esher, and of the tribe of Menahah, of the tribe of Bilu, the land of Haman, of Haman.
13: 28 And the tenth day of the ninth month of Sukkot was a month of mourning, but the people of the tribe of Haman went to the other side of the land, and there was no other woman, neither Noah nor Leah.
14: 28 And the people of the tribe of Heshin took up their oaths, saying, "Behold, this is the land of the Lord, and this is the land of the Lord, and this is the land of the Lord." And Rabiah said, "This is the land of the Lord."
15: 28 And when the fire of the goats was finished, the brother of the king returned to the tribe of Tahath, the LORD, the LORD, to him, and to the tribe of Judah, and to the tribe of Judah.
16: 28 And the first day of the month was the beginning of the month of Arba'a, as it was done, and the Lord had given up the land of the land to the LORD.
17: 28 And on the fifth day he did as he did, saying, "This is the day of the month of Zechariah." "The seventh day is seven days, and there is no longer a commandment."
18: 28 Behold, the firstborn of the firstborn shall be the firstborn of all the children of the tribe of Adham.
19: 28 And you shall bring them to the house of the women of the land, and they shall bring them to the land of the sons of Baqar, the sons of Baqar, the sons of Baqar, the sons of Baqar, the sons of Baqar, the sons of Baqar, the sons of Bashkir, and the tribe of Sheba.
20: 28 And when the men of the tribe of Israel came down to them, they went to the house of the tribe of Shelomo, which was in the ninth month of the twentieth century, and the tenth day of the twentieth century, the tenth day of the twentieth century.
21: 28 The tenth day of the tenth day, when thou shalt do it, it shall be done to the other side, that is seven, and it shall be the threshing floor.
22: 28 And the heat of the heat of the womb, thou shalt bring forth the heat, and the furnace thereof:
23: 28 And he said unto him, Come up, thou shalt surely be bald; but I will not go down, but thou shalt not do thine own things.
24: 28 As it was done unto him, the day of the seventh day was the day of the LORD's death, and the wife of her, the wife of her father, gave her inheritance to Yahweh, because he was against the people of the land, because he had given birth to her, and he had made his inheritance.
25: 28 And the day of the seventh day came to pass, and it came to pass, that there was a certain number of them, that they had given it to them, that all the work of the servants was done, and that it was not the work of the people.
26: 28 And the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel.
27: 28 And they came near them, and went up to Rehoboth, and Noah, the son of Noah, and Leah, the sons of Baqar, the second of the children, and the children of Baqar, the second of them.
28: 28 And the women of the tribe of Simeon went astray, and in the midst of the eight hundred years of the twentieth century, twenty years were numbered, and they were four hundred years old, and they were twenty years old.
29: 28 The tenth day of the ninth month of the seventh month of the seventh month of the seventh month of the twentieth century.
30: 28 And the day of the Fire of Azzah came to an end, and to the people of Israel,
31: 28 From the heart of the children of the children, the children of the children, and the children of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land.
‪xxxx  Chapter 29   (39 verses)‬
1: 29 And the seventh day of the seventh day, in the midst of the threshing floor, there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall on it.
2: 29 And Eshetiah rose up, and went back to Rehoboth, the son of Noah, the son of Bech, the son of Bechor, the son of David, and the son of Bech, the son of David, and of the children of Bashan, the children of Simeon, of Sheba, and of Thamim, because of them.
3: 29 And the people of the tribe of Simeon went astray, but in the midst of the eight hundred years of the twentieth century, twenty thousand were twenty years old, and they were twenty years old.
4: 29 And the tenth day of the third day, the third day of the third day, the seventh day, the seventh day of the seventh month.
5: 29 And the hair of the goats was gone, and there was no one else, but they were the ones who were slaughtered.
6: 29 And he went up to the house of the king, and went down to the land of Judah, and went down to them, and took them away, and took them away, as if they were judges, and they did not return to them, because they were not married to them.
7:29 And on the tenth day of the seventh month of the seventh month of the twentieth century, there was a commandment of the LORD, the Lord of the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
8: 29 And they brought them together, and they went up to him, and they came to them, and they returned to them, and they went back to the house of the son of Baqar, and he rebelled against them, and said unto them, This is the day of the captives.
9: 29 And I will not let them go, but I will not go down with them, but in the midst of the seven hundred years, the tenth day of the twentieth century, the twentieth day of the twentieth century, the tenth day of the month of Adar.
10:29 The tenth day of the ninth month of the seventh month of the seventh month of the seventh month of the twentieth century.
11: 29 The hair of the goat, and the meat of the meat, the meat of the meat, the meat, the meat, the meat, the meat, the meat, the meat, the meat, the meat, the meat, and the meat;
12: 29 And on the fifth day he made it up to them, and he returned to the seventh day of the seventh day, and he said to him, "Behold, I have given you all the things that you have done." "Do not do it, and do not observe it." He said, "Glory be to him, that is seven hundred days."
13: 29 Hkrbt֨m Al֜h As֨h R֤ih Nih֙h֙ Lֽiho֔h Fr֧im Bni-bk֛r Sls֥h As֖r Ail֣m Sn֑im Cbs֧im Bnֽi-sn֛h Arba֥h As֖r Tmim֥m Ihiֽo:
14: 29 Mnht֔m S֖lt Blol֣h Bs֑mn Sls֨h Asrn֜im Lf֣r Hֽah֗d Lsls֤h Asr֙ Fr֔im Sn֤i Asrnim֙ La֣il Hֽah֔d Lsn֖i Hailֽm:
15: 29 And the tenth day of the morning was [4] nine months, and the fourth day of the day was the fourth day of the month of Adar.
16: 29 And the hair of the goat, and the bread of the meat, the meat of the meat, the meat, the meat, the meat, the meat, the meat, the meat, the meat, and the wine.
17: 29 And the sons of the sons of Baqar, the sons of Baqar, the sons of the sons of Asar, slew them, and the children of the tribe of Bashan, the sons of Sena, the Arbaaites, and Esau, and Thamim,
18: 29 And they set their tongues, and took them away, to the thieves, to their gods, and to the sheep in the wilderness, and to them, as the captain of the tribe.
19: 29 And the hair of the goat, and the bread of the meat, the meat of the meat, and the meat, and the meat, and the meat, and the wine, and the wine.
20: 29 And the third day of the sixth day was the day of the children of Israel, that they did not go down, but they were still alive, as they were in the children of the tribe of Israel, and they were four hundred, and they did not die until they died.
Num 21: 29 And they made a noise against them, and took them away, to the thieves, to their gods, and to the sheep in the wilderness, and to them, as the captain of the tribe.
22: 29 And the heat of the heat of the womb brought forth the flesh of the flesh, and the flesh of the thorns, and the thorns of the thorns.
23: 29 And when the four hundred men were born, they were twelve, but they were nine, but they were not, as they were in the midst of the children of the tribe of Israel, that was four hundred years old, and they did not die until they died.
24: 29 They sighed with them, and took them away, to the people of Galilee, to their gods, and to the sheep in the wilderness, and to them, as the captain of the tribe.
25: 29 And the gate of the goats, and they are another, and the threshing floor is a pillar of the earth, and there is no god but the earth.
26: 29 And the fifth day of the fifth day, when they were nine, they were nine, but they were not, as they were in the midst of the children of the tribe of Israel, and they were four hundred, and they did not die until they died.
27: 29 And they made their offerings, and they took them away, to the people of Galilee, to their gods, and to the sheep in the wilderness, and to them, as the captain of the tribe.
28: 29 And the heat of the heat of the hatch, the meat of the meat, and the meat, and the meat, and the meat, and the meat, and the wine.
29: 29 And the sixth day of the sixth day was a day of glory, but the people of the land were not there, but they were still alive, as were the children of the tribe of Arbaa, but they did not die until they died.
30: 29 And they made their oaths, and took them away, to the people of Galilee, to their gods, and to the sheep in the wilderness, and to them, as the captain of the tribe.
31: 29 And the heat of the hatch was brought forth, and the flesh of the threshing floor was gone, and the thorns of the threshing floor were filled with wine.
32: 29 And the sixth day of the seventh day, they were seven, and seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, sons, twelve, four hundred, thirty, four hundred, thirty.
33: 29 And they made a punishment for them, and took them away, to the people of Galilee, to their gods, and to the sheep in the wilderness, and to them as their judges.
34: 29 And the heat of the hatch was brought forth, and the flesh of the threshing floor was burnt, and the thorns of the thorn, and the thorns of the broth,
35: 29 The day of the Lord's Day is the day of the Lord's death, and it is the day of the coming of the LORD, for all of them have done all the work of worship, but they do not do it.
36: 29 And he brought them together, because he was married to him, and he was a neighbor, and he was not married to him, but he was not married to him, nor was he another son of David, but he had been married to the sons of Simeon, but Sheba was not worthy of them.
37: 29 They sighed with their hands, and took them down, and they went down to them, and went to the house, and went to them in the wilderness, and they were still in the wilderness.
38: 29 And when the heat of the hatch came up, I brought forth the flesh of the threshing floor, and it came to pass, that was the day of the threshing-floor, and the commandment of it, and I gave it to her.
39: 29 Do you not do it to God in your days, because they do not give up your children, and do not give them up to them, because you are the ones who have been circumcised, and have not come to you, and have taken them away, and have given them up.
‪xxxx  Chapter 30   (17 verses)‬
1: 30 And Moses said unto her, Son unto son, Behold, Israel shall be like a furnace, which the commandment of the LORD hath given thee.
2: 30 And Dibba the son of Moses went up to the head of the tribe, saying, "I have given birth to the son of Israel." The LORD said to him, "Amen!" This is what the Lord said: "As for the people of Zion, the LORD is the LORD!"
3: 30 A man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, and a man; a man, a man, and a son;
4: 30 And his wife said to her, "Behold, thou shalt not go down to the house of the LORD." And Esau said, "Is it not the son of Abraham, her father, her son, her son, her father?"
5: 30 Sm֨a Ab֜ih At-ndr֗h and ֽasrh֙ As֣r Aֽsr֣h Al-nfs֔h and Hhr֥is L֖h Ab֑ih and K֙mo֙ Cl-ndr֔ih and Cl-as֛r Asr-asr֥h Al-nfs֖h Ikֽom:
6: 30 And if they are, thou shalt not bear it; for it is in them, that they have heard it, all the children of it, and they have been imprisoned. Is it not that Esau hath committed adultery?
7: 30 And if it is a matter of the Lord, behold, there is no man, but there is no man, and there is no man; for he is not above his eyes, but his eyes are not with him, but he is his mouth, and he is his wife, and his wife is not his wife, nor her husband.
8: 30 And when a man went astray, he came to me, saying, Behold, he has heard his voice, and he hath given it to his people, and they have given it to him, and they have given it to him, and they have given it to him, which is forbidden to him, that which is forbidden to him, even to his soul.
9: 30 ֠am Bi֨om Sm֣a Aish֮ In֣ia Aoth֒ and Hf֗r At-ndrh֙ As֣r Al֔ih and At֙ Mbt֣a Sft֔ih As֥r Asr֖h Al-nfs֑h and Iho֖h Iֽslֽh-lֽh:
10: 30 And Nedar the widow, and Grosheh, the daughter of the king, who is the husband of Esau, the wife of Nappa, the son of Naseer;
11: 30 And if thou art a man, behold, it is a light, but a man is not a man; but he is not a man, but he is a man of the tribe of Naphas.
12: 30 And her wife went out, and he became pregnant, because she was not there, because she was with her. And all the children of all her children were troubled, and all the women of Israel were destroyed, and as for Esau, her husband was against Naphshah, she was gone.
13: 30 And if the mouth be broken, thou shalt see them: they shall not be afraid; they shall hear all things, and the lips of them shall not be able to shake it; and they shall not be afraid of their souls: but they shall not be afraid, but men shall be destroyed; they shall be broken up, and they shall be destroyed; and they shall be destroyed.
14: 30 All of us, all of us, and all the people of Sheba, are not the people of Israel, but the people of Israel, the people of Israel, stand up, and the people of Israel will be destroyed.
15: 30 Am-hhrs֩ Ihr֨is L֥h Aish֮ Mi֣om Al-iom֒ and Hkim֙ At-cl-ndr֔ih A֥o At-cl-asr֖ih As֣r Al֑ih Hk֣im At֔m Ci-hhr֥s L֖h Bi֥om Smaֽo:
16: 30 And if the son of the Phariseer beware of them, they shall be after him: for he shall hear him, and his wife shall bear witness;
17: 30 I have sent you to the land of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior.
‪xxxx  Chapter 31   (54 verses)‬
1: 31 And the LORD spake unto Moses, to Moses the son of Amor.
2: 31 Nekum, you have made an end to the children of Israel, so that you may be raised from the dead of the Midianites, because you will not be angry with your people.
3: 31 And the servant of Moses spoke unto them, saying unto them, Behold, thou art not satisfied with them, but men are not in captivity, and they shall be in the midst of Meida, for they shall not dwell in their midst.
4: 31 I will not let you go, but I will not lift up my hand; but I will not let you go, but I will not let you go.
5:31 And they were taken away from the house of the tribe of Israel, and the people of Israel were not in the midst of them; they did not do anything, but they did not do anything.
6: 31 And it came to pass, that it was not theirs, that Moses had given him a lamb, but he had given it to the tribe, but it was not yet, and the son of Elaz, the son of Elaz, the son of Elaz, the son of Elaz;
7:31 And the children of Israel were brought up to Me, because they were as they were, because the commandment of the LORD was a commandment of Moses, and it was he who had given up all things to him.
8: 31 At-mlc֨i Mdi֜n Hrg֣o Al-hllih֗m At-ao֤i and At-r֙km֙ and At-tz֤or and At-hor֙ and At-r֔ba Hm֖st Mlc֣i Mdi֑n and At֙ Bla֣m Bn-ba֔or Hrg֖o Bhֽrb:
9: 31 And the sons of Israel dwelt among the sons of Israel, and they took their wives, and their wives, and all their families, and all their hosts, and all their soldiers, they were despised.
10: 31 And all the people of their cities were in the midst of their captivity, and they were not all the light of their fire, but they were burned in their midst.
11: 31 And they took away all the spoils, and all the men of the land, and their bread, and their hearts.
12: 31 Ib֡ao Al-msh֩ and Al-alaz֨r Hch֜n and Al-ad֣t Bnֽi-isra֗l At-hsb֧i and At-hmlk֛oh and At-hsl֖l Al-hֽmhn֑h Al-aֽrb֣t Moa֔b As֖r Al-ird֥n Irhֽo: S.
13: 31 And it came to pass, that Moses, Moses, and Elazah, were all these men, and all the men of the tribe of Israel were raised up, and they were afraid of them, because they were not in the land of the land, but they were not in the camp.
14: 31 And the people of Moses gathered themselves together, and commanded them: behold, they were the servants of the captives: they were the servants, and the servants were the ones that came from the tribe of Israel, and they were the soldiers of the army.
15:31 And he said unto them, Is it not Moses, that is, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the God of all mankind?
16: 31 Behold, they are the sons of Israel; they are not sons; but Israel is in the midst of the children of Israel; they do not turn away from them in their own eyes, because they are in the midst of the word of the wicked, and they have come to the Magpah in the time of the LORD.
17:31 And when he was angry with him, he gave him all his strength, and he gave birth to him, and all the men of Israel were there.
18: 31 And all the children of the tribe of Hatham, the children of Israel, did not know, but they did not know, and they did not dwell in their midst, but they returned to life, and they returned to them.
19: 31 At֗m Hn֛o Mh֥otz Lֽmhn֖h Sba֣t Im֑im Cl֩ Hr֨g N֜fs and C֣l | Ng֣a Bֽhl֗l Tֽthta֞o Bi֤om Hslisi֙ and Bi֣om Hsbia֔i At֖m and Sbicֽm:
20:31 And all the children, and all the children of the flock, and all that they did, they were goats, and all the rest of the trees were stoned.
21: 31 And Moses said to Elazar, "Behold, I will go down to the land of Man!" The people of Zion came to the house, and they came to the house of the LORD, and they returned to it, and the law of the Torah was given to them, as the commandment of the LORD commanded them.
22: 31 When thou hast brought this to the heart, and to the thorns of the thorns, which is the thorn of the broth, I will bring the seed of the seed, and the grass to the ground.
23:31 All that is, that is, that is, that is, the son of the servant, do not be angry with the fire, and he will not be angry with you in the midst of it; let it be vindicated, and it will not be put to death, nor will it be any more.
24: 31 And they washed their hands in their hands, and brought them to the house of the Levites, and they were cleansed of them, and they were cleansed of them, and they were afraid of them.
25: 31 And the LORD said unto him, Come unto Moses, let him be faithful.
26: 31 And the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the World. "
27: 31 And it was half-way, and I took the trumpet, and the bread, and the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread, the wine, and all the wine.
28: 31 And he lifted up the land of Meknes, the land of the land, and the land of Hamor, and of Haman, and of Haman, and of Haman, and of Haman, and of Haman, and of Haman, and of Haman, and of Haman,
29: 31 From what place did you go, when you were angry, and you gave it to Elazar, because he was angry with you, because you were angry with the LORD.
30: 31 Mmhtz֨t Bnֽi-isra֜l Tk֣h | Ah֣d | Ah֣z Mn-hhms֗im Mn-had֧m Mn-hbk֛r Mn-hhmr֥im and Mn-htz֖an Mcl-hbhm֑h and Ntt֤h Atm֙ Lloi֔m Smr֕i Msm֖rt Msc֥n Ihoֽh:
31: 31 And Moses made a noise, and went up to this house, as the commandment of the LORD was upon her.
32: 31 And he was the king of the tribe of Judah, the LORD of the mountains, the son of the king, and of the tribe of Elaph, and of the tribe of Elaph, and of the tribe of Abel.
33: 31 And the two of them cried together, and the seven of them rose up,
34: 31 And they took up another thing, and the sixth was gone, and they were not.
35: 31 And the fear of them was gone, because the people of the tribe of Ashar were not in the house of the children of Israel, but they were in the midst of the house of Zechariah, all of them in the midst of the sea, and they were in the midst of them.
36: 31 And I will be with thee, and I will go to the house of the LORD, and the people of the tribe of Israel, even the inhabitants of the tribe of Zephthah, from the west of the south, to the west, and to the south,
37: 31 And he came to the king, and covered him with his bread, and he gave him bread, and he gave it to him,
38: 31 And the son of Baqar, the son of Shiloh, and of Shilsh, the son of Levi, and of Mekassam, of them, Lihonah, of Simeon, and of Sheba.
39: 31 And they made three hundred thousand, and they went out of their beds, and they covered them with bread, and they gave them bread, and they gave them bread.
40: 31 And it came to pass, that the people of Israel were six thousand, and that it was done to them, and that they were not, but they were not, and they were not, but they were not, and they were not, and they were not;
41: 31 And they gave them the charge of the house of the LORD, saying, Thou shalt not give unto the LORD, that is, unto the house of the mighty, that is, the thine, the thine, the thine;
42: 31 And the son of Amaziah, the son of the son of Israel, was born to him, which was half a hundred years old, because of the people of the tribe of Hazba.
43: 31 And you shall be with me from the fourteenth of Adon, even from the tribe of Tzahan, from Shilsh-ma'ath, to Ephhel, and to Shilshim, to Ephhel, to Sheba, and to Eliph, and to Hamam, from Mizuhot.
44: 31 And he blessed the sixth day, and it came to pass, and it came to pass.
45: 31 And they made a hundred threshing stones, and they made bread;
46: 31 And it came to pass, that there was no fear, but that it was six, and that it was done, but it was not.
47: 31 Ik֨h Ms֜h Mmhtz֣t Bnֽi-isra֗l At-hֽahz֙ Ah֣d Mn-hhms֔im Mn-had֖m and Mn-hbhm֑h and It֨n At֜m Lloi֗m Sֽmri֙ Msm֙rt֙ Msc֣n Iho֔h Cas֛r Tzo֥h Iho֖h At-msֽh:
48: 31 וֽיֽיִּּקְרבו אֶל-משּ֔שּ֔ה הַה הפפּקֻּד֕ו אם אשש֖֖֖ר לְלאל֣פ֣י הַ הצצבב֑א שה ש֥ר֥י֥י האאָל֖פ֖ה ושש֥ר֥י הממֽאֽותת:
49: 31 And they said unto him, Come unto Moses, thou art thy servant, that is, that thou hast brought forth the fire of the sword, the man of the sword, the man of the sword, the man of the children of the children of Israel, and not of the people of the land, neither of them;
50: 31 And he rebuked the captain of the tribe of Yahweh, the man of the tribe of Asherah, who was the king of the tribe of Zechav, and of the tribe of Zechariah, and of Zadid, of Taba, of Agath, of Gilgal, and of Zechariah, of Korach, of Nephthah, of Zephaniah, before the LORD.
51: 31 And Moses, the son of Moses, and the goats of the Levites, slew them, and brought them to death;
52: 31 Ih֣i | Cl-zh֣b Htrom֗h As֤r Hr֙imo֙ Lֽiho֔h Ss֨h As֥r A֛lf Sba-ma֥ot and Hms֖im S֑kl Mat֙ Sr֣i Hֽalf֔im and Ma֖t Sr֥i Hmaֽot:
53: 31 The people of the tribe of Nazareth are in their midst;
54: 31 Ik֨h Ms֜h and Alaz֤r Hchn֙ At-hzh֔b Ma֛t Sr֥i Half֖im and Hma֑ot and Ib֤ao Ato֙ Al-a֣hl Moa֔d Zcr֥on Lbnֽi-isra֖l Lfn֥i Ihoֽh: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 32   (42 verses)‬
1: 32 And he gave him a gift, and he gave it to the sons of the sons of Haggadah, and the sons of Haggadah, and the sons of Haggadah, and the sons of Haggadah, and the sons of Haggadah, and Judah saw the land of Jezreel, and the land of Gilboa, and this is the land of Makom, and the city of Makom, from Makan.
2: 32 And the sons of the sons of G-d, and of the sons of G-d, came up to him, and said to him, "Go to Moses, go to Elazar, and go down to them, and to Nishaih, for this is the covenant."
2: 32 And the captain of the tribe of David went up to him, and he turned away from him, and turned away from her, and went up to her, and returned to them, and they rebuked him, and went out with them.
4: 32 The earth is as it hath been, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD.
5:32 And he said, "Behold, we have made a covenant with you, and it is in your eyes that you have given up this land, that you have given to your servant, to Ahuzah, but to the people of Thaber, we have brought down the Jordan."
6:32 And Moses said to her sons, Glory be to God, and to the children of the children of Israel, that they may be worthy of them, that they may return to their land, and that they will return to their land.
7: 32 And it came to pass, that thou shalt give it unto the children of Israel, and that it shall be given to them, that it may go down to the land of the land which is the land of them.
8: 32 But as he did, I will not bring them to the land, but I will send them to them, and they will not be able to see the land of the land.
9:32 And the people of Israel went up against them, and they saw the women of the land, and they brought the children of Liban to Israel, so that they would not be afraid to come into the land of the land wherein they were, because they were Jehovah.
10: 32 And Jehar-e-Joffe, the son of Yahweh, was born to him, and he returned to the land, and returned to Amor.
11: 32 Am-ira֨o Hans֜im Hal֣im Mmtzr֗im Mb֨n Asr֤im Snh֙ and M֔alh A֚t Hadm֔h As֥r Nsb֛ati Labrh֥m Litzh֖k and ֽliak֑b C֥i La-mla֖o Ahrֽi:
12: 32 Behold, all the children of the sons of Jephunneh, the priests, the sons of Nun, and the sons of Nunu, were there;
13:32 And Jehoar-Elohim, the son of Yahweh, was born in Yeshraa, and he was angry, and he was in the house of Mordecai, because he was forty years old, and he was there until the end of all the glory of the doom, and he saw it in the eyes of the LORD.
14: 32 And they, having been sanctified, were not married; they were not married; they were not sacrificed; they were sinners; they were sinners, and they were not to suffer any more, but they were more powerful than men, even though they were against Israel.
15: 32 And when they returned, they returned after another day, and they turned away from them, and gave them their inheritance in the wilderness, and their fields were destroyed, all the land of the land was desolate.
16: 32 And he came to him, and said unto him, Behold, thou shalt say unto him, GOD, O LORD, I pray thee, thou shalt not give it to him;
17: 32 And we, the sons of the inheritance, were given the inheritance of the Hushites; they were not before me, but the sons of Israel, the children of Israel, were in the midst of the land of Israel, but the people of the Levites were still there, and they were not in their place, and they were in the midst of the fire.
18: 32 And there is no woman, and we shall bear witness to the children, and we shall not be ashamed: for the children of Israel shall be ashamed, and the children of Israel shall be saved.
19: 32 And when they came to them, they were not taken away, but they did not go down, and went down to them, and they came down, because they were in the house, and behold, they came to us, and they came to us, and they were not brought down from the wilderness.
20:32 And Moses said unto them, 'It is their people, they have done this thing, and they have given it to the LORD, but this is the truth, but they have turned away from it, and they have turned away from it.' "The LORD commanded her to fight against her.
21:32 And the men of all the children of the children of Israel went up against the Jordan, and they turned to me, and the LORD gave them up to him, and they gave him away, and they took him away from his enemies.
22: 32 And they shall be ashamed of her, that is, the earth, before me: the LORD is the LORD, and they are the children of the LORD, and the children of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
23: 32 And if they did not do that, then they were there, because they were sinners, because they were not with you, and they knew that they were sinners, but they did not die.
24: 32 And the sons of the sons of the children of the children of Israel were great, and the people of the land were great, and they were great, and they came to you from the midst of them, and they did not.
25:32 And the sons of Gad said, "Behold, my son, look upon me, that is not your servant. Amen!"
26: 32 Our children, our wives, have given us strength, and they have given us all, and they have given it to them: they have become their wives in the land of the land of Gilboa.
27: 32 And thy servant hath done it, and he hath said unto him, All things shall be done unto the children of the tribe of Zephon: behold, Yahweh, behold, he hath given bread unto the LORD, as as a man,
28: 32 And they gave to them the name of Moses, the mother of the children of Israel, and the wife of Jehoashua, the son of Nunu, and the chief of the children of Israel, because of the greatness of the children, because of the children of Israel.
29: 32 I֨amr Ms֜h Alh֗m Am-iabr֣o Bni-g֣d and Bni-raob֣n | A֠tcm Aֽt-hird֞n Cl-hl֤otz Lmlhmh֙ Lfn֣i Iho֔h and Ncbs֥h Ha֖rtz Lfnic֑m and Ntt֥m Lh֛m At-a֥rtz Hgla֖d Lahzֽh:
30: 32 And if the people of Israel die, they will not go away, but they will not take you away, and they will not take you away, because they are in their midst [1] in the land of Canaan.
31: 32 And the children of the sons of Haggadah, and the children of the children of Gedavim, rebuked them, and rebuked them, saying, "Do not be angry with me, O son of Israel." But the LORD said to him, "Come, I will work for you." This is what Na'as said.
32: 32 The sons of Na'abun, the sons of Na'abar, came to the land of Israel, the LORD, the LORD, the land of Canaan, and the land of Canaan, and the land of the land of Israel, the land of Nahlath, and of the tribe of Labrador.
33: 32 It֣n Lh֣m | Ms֡h Lbni-gd֩ and Lbn֨i Raob֜n and Lhtz֣i | S֣bt | Mns֣h Bn-ios֗f At-mml֙ct֙ Sihn֙ M֣lc Hֽamr֔i and At-mml֔ct A֖og M֣lc Hbs֑n Ha֗rtz Lar֙ih֙ Bgbl֔t Ar֥i Ha֖rtz Sbֽib:
34: 32 And the sons of Gedad built up their mouths, and they and Ataroth, and the children of Aroer.
35:32 And the tribe of Ataroth, both Shaphan, and Jazer, and Jebba, her son.
36:32 And the daughter of Nimrathah, and the daughter of Behar, were rebellious: they were awake in the wilderness, and Gadar was narrow.
37:32 And the children of Reuben were there: they brought the sheep, and the men, and the women, and the women of them;
38:32 And Neb his father, and the son of Laban, of Maon, of Moses, and of them, and of them, and of their captivity, and was called upon, in the name of the LORD, of the cities of Arar;
39: 32 And it came to pass, that the son of Man was a son of Manasseh, and that his flock was cut off, and that they were crucified with him, and he made the land of the Amorite, which was his inheritance.
40: 32 And Moses gave the gospel unto the king, the son of Manasseh, and he returned to her.
41:32 And Manir the son of Manasseh, behold, it is not your son, and they have taken away their inheritance, and they have come to them, and they have come to them.
42: 32 And the son of the king returned to you, and took up his nest, and the daughters of her children; and he came to her, and she returned to her in the wilderness in the wilderness.
‪xxxx  Chapter 33   (56 verses)‬
1:33 I will make a journey to you, the son of the sons of Israel, and I will bring the people of Israel out of the land of Israel, to Mizba, and to them in the land of Moses and Judah.
2: 33 And the people of Moab made their families come to them for their journeys, because they were on their feet, the LORD was with them, and they made their journeys to them for their own ways.
3: 33 Isa֤o Mֽramss֙ Bh֣ds Hֽras֔on Bhms֥h As֛r I֖om Lh֣ds Hras֑on Mֽmhr֣t Hf֗sh Itza֤o Bnֽi-isral֙ Bi֣d Rm֔h Lain֖i Cl-mtzrֽim:
4: 33 And Mizrahim, who had buried the wife of Asherah, said to them, "Behold, Jehovah is in them, and behold, all of them are in the house of the LORD, and they shall not be, but they shall do as Jehovah has commanded."
5:33 And the children of Israel went away, and they went out from Ramadzas, and they were put to rest in the land of Israel.
6:33 And they went away, and were gathered together, and dwelt among them, but as they were, they were not cut off, and they were in trouble.
7:33 And they went away, and they were taken away, and they returned, and they were not even on the coast of the city, but as the people of Israel went up against them, they came to Zion, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they turned away from them.
8:33 And they journeyed from Mephon, and the city of Hachir, was there, and went away, and they were in the midst of them, and they were in the midst of the wilderness, and they were in the midst of the four days of the day, which were six days in the wilderness, and they were destroyed, and they rejoice in their midst.
9:33 And they journeyed from the mountains, and they came to them, and they came to the valley, and they turned away from the valley, and the nine of them went out, and the eyes of the men were not in them, and they were thirsty, and they were thirsty, and they were given a gift.
10: 33 And they went away from them, and from there they were, and they were put to death, even though they were not in their midst.
11: 33 And he went away from the sea, and went to the camp, and he reigned in the wilderness.
12: 33 And they went away from Mebarbar-Szein, and they waited for him in the house of David.
13:33 And they went away from Madpek, and they came to the camp, and they were in the midst of the wilderness.
14: 33 And they went away from there, and they went to the camp, and they were in their midst, and they were not there, but they were still there, and they were not satisfied.
15:33 And they went down, and they were afraid of them, and they were put to rest in the wilderness of Sinai.
16:33 And they went out from Medabar, Sinai, and they were buried in the wilderness, and they came to the house of the LORD.
17: 33 And they went away, and they came near, and they came to him, and they came to him in the midst of the camp.
18:33 33 And Moses went out of the cave, and they came to him, and they came to him in the wilderness of Judah.
19:33 And he went away, and raised up his rod; and he blessed him, and he was with them;
20:33 And they went up, and raised them up, and they ran away from the river, and they blessed it with their hearts.
21: 33 And he went away from him, and his son came to him, and he was put to rest in his land.
22: 33 And Moses went down, and rebelled against her, and she was put to rest in her house.
23: 33 And they went away from Kohlah, and they came to him, and they rested in the mountains of Shaphan.
24:33 And he went away, and went away from the house of Shapiro, and he was buried in the midst of the mountains.
25:33 And he went out of Mordecai, and he came to him, and he was ashamed of him in the midst of them.
26: 33 And he went away from Mekhel, and he came to him, and he became a priest;
27: 33 And he went away, and died, and he died, and he died, and he died, and he was in the house of the wind.
28: 33 And he went away, and he died, and he died, and he was put to death, and he died in her house.
29: 33 And they went away from Mttek, and they came to him, and they rested in their fields.
30: 33 And Moses went out from the camp of Cheshvan, and he set fire to him, but he was not in his chains.
31:33 And they went away from him, and they turned away from them, and they were put to death in the midst of the children.
32: 33 And they went away from the children, and they were in the midst of them, and they were there, and they were waiting for them in the house of Haggadah.
33:33 33 And Moses went up to the house of Haggadah, and they came to him, and they came to him in the midst of their inheritance.
34: 33 And they went away from Meethabah, and they came to him, and they rested with him in the midst of their captivity.
35:33 And they went away, and they said to him, And they went to the camp, and they came to me in the midst of me.
36:33 And he went away, and made me captive; they were mighty, and blessed, in their wilderness: their strength, they were holy;
37:33 And they went up, and sanctified themselves, and they came to him, and they were in the house, and they were in the midst of them;
38: 33 Ial֩ Ahr֨n Hch֜n Al-h֥r Hh֛r Al-f֥i Iho֖h and I֣mt S֑m Bsn֣t Hֽarba֗im Ltz֤at Bnֽi-isral֙ Ma֣rtz Mtzr֔im Bh֥ds Hhmis֖i Bah֥d Lhֽds:
39: 33 And Aaron the son of Shosh, and nine men, and what is there that he hath made in his death, in the house of the Lord of the LORD?
40: 33 And he took up the land of the Canaanites, because he was your son, because he was rebellious, and the people of the land were in the land of Canaan, because they were in the midst of the children, but the people of Israel were afraid.
41: 33 And he went away, and said, "Behold, I will see you, and I will be blessed, and you will be in the palace of Zion."
42: 33 And they went away from Tire, and they came to them, and they waited in their presence.
43: 33 And they went away from Mopun, and they came to him, and they rejoice with him in their hearts.
44: 33 And they went away, and they came to him, and they came to him, and they came to him, and they came to him, and they went to the house of the king.
45: 33 And they went away, and they came to me, and they came to me, and they came to me, and they said unto them,
46: 33 And they went away from Meadow, and they went up, and they came to me, and they came to them in the wilderness, but they were not in their midst.
47: 33 And he went away, saying, "Come, I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will come to you, and I will go back to you, and I will go back to you, and I will return to you."
48: 33 And they went away, and they said to him, The transgressors are gone, and they have given birth to them in the wilderness, and they have given up their hearts.
49: 33 And he gave his life to the Lord, because he was in the midst of the wilderness, but the father of the tribe went astray in the midst of the wilderness.
50:33 And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying, Behold, thou shalt not go down to the house of the LORD;
51: 33 Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, Behold, thou hast said unto them, because ye have not, yet they have transgressed the Jordan, unto the land of Canaan.
52: 33 H֨orst֜m At-cl-isb֤i Ha֙rtz֙ Mfnic֔m and A֨bdt֔m A֖t Cl-mscit֑m and A֨t Cl-tzlm֤i Msֽctm֙ Tab֔do and A֥t Cl-bmt֖m Tsmֽido:
53: 33 And I will inherit the land of the land, and I will sit with you in it, because it will be done to them, and I will bring the land to her, because I will destroy her.
54: 33 Htnhltm֩ At-ha֨rtz Bgor֜l Lmsfhֽtic֗m Lr֞b Trb֤o At-nhlto֙ and Lmat֙ Tma֣it At-nhlt֔o Al֩ Asr-i֨tza L֥o S֛mh Hgor֖l L֣o Ihi֑h Lmt֥ot Abtic֖m Ttnhֽlo:
55: 33 Am-l֨a Tor֜iso At-isb֣i Hartz֮ Mfnicm֒ and Hih֙ As֣r Tot֣iro Mh֔m Lscim֙ Ba֣inic֔m and Ltznin֖m Btzdic֑m and Tzrr֣o Atc֔m Al-ha֕rtz As֥r At֖m Isb֥im Bֽh:
56: 33 And he gave it to me as a thorn, and it was my strength to do it, but they did not do it, nor did I give it to them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 34   (29 verses)‬
1: 34 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying unto her, Behold, I am not afraid.
2: 34 Tz֞o At-bn֤i Isral֙ and Amrt֣ Alh֔m Cֽi-at֥m Ba֖im Al-ha֣rtz Cn֑an Z֣at Ha֗rtz As֨r Tf֤l Lcm֙ Bֽnhl֔h A֥rtz Cn֖an Lgbltֽih:
3: 34 And he gave them bread, and they gave them bread, and they gave them bread, and they gave them bread, and they gave them to them, and they gave them bread, and they gave them bread.
4: 34 And the people of the tribe of Israel went up to them, and the people of the tribe of Mordecai returned to the land of Israel, and the land of Israel came to them, and the people came to them. And they were victorious, and the people of the land were there, and the people of the land were there.
5:34 And Nasebib the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty;
6: 34 And they turned their backs on them, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they went back to the house of Haggadah, and they turned away from them, and they turned away from them, and they returned to them.
7: 34 And behold, Jehovah is the LORD, because they are mighty, and they are a great multitude, because of their strength, the glory of the Lord, and of the Lord.
8: 34 What is the meaning of the word of the Lord, that is, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Lord, the Son of God, and the Lord,
9: 34 And the captain of the tribe of Zepharah, and the people of Zephariah, came to him, and the people of Hetz returned unto him, and they returned to the land of Israel.
10: 34 And you shall be filled with them, that they should not turn away from the wall, but they shall be cut off from their eyes.
11: 34 And the children of Gבbúl, the people of Mesopotamia, became rebellious, and the people of Mek֣֣֣֣d were not angry, and the people of Haggub turned back to them, and to the land of Israel, so to the people of Kedem.
12: 34 And he saw the greatness of the hill, which was low, and the people were there; and they came out to him, and they came to them, and they said unto them, This is the way of the LORD, that is, the LORD, that is, the land, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty.
13: 34 Itz֣o Ms֔h At-bn֥i Isra֖l Lam֑r Z֣at Ha֗rtz As֨r Ttnhl֤o Ath֙ Bgor֔l Asr֙ Tzo֣h Iho֔h Lt֛t Ltsa֥t Hmt֖ot and Htz֥i Hmtֽh:
14: 34 So that he may take it, and bring it down to me, and I will bring it to you, and I will bring it to you, and I will bring it to you, and I will bring it to you.
15: 34 The two of them, the children of the tribe, and the half of the tribe, who took it, took their inheritance, and turned them into a wilderness, and the land of the land fell upon them.
16: 34 And the LORD spoke unto her, saying unto Moses, Behold, I will be faithful.
17: 34 »I have asked you, O men of the world, that the people of Israel are not worthy, so that they may give up the land to the people of the land, so that they may enter into it, and they shall return to the land of Israel.
18: 34 And she married another woman, because she was married to him, and he had taken his wife, and he had taken her.
19: 34 And the men of the men, the men of the people, brought to death their hearts: Jehovah is the son of all the children of Nephunim.
20: 34 And it came to pass, that the son of Israel heard the voice of the people, saying, Son of Amidiah,
21: 34 To Mattah, she brought her children to sleep, because they were the children of the son of Kishel.
22: 34 And the children of the children of the tribe of Midan were brought to her, and they were married, and the children of the children of Jagelai returned.
23: 34 And the son of Jesse, the son of Joseph, hath given her a rod;
24: 34 And Leah, the son of the son of Ephrath, was married to them, and they were married; they rose up to the son of Shephathan.
25: 34 And the sons of the tribe of Zabolu were married to them, because they were married to Elijah, son of Pernah.
26: 34 And Leah, the son of Jesse-Yeshke, reigned in the midst of the women of Pharias, son of Lazarus.
27: 34 And she gave her to the children of Ishar, the wife of her brother, and the son of Solomon.
28: 34 And Leah, the son of Naphtali, gave birth to her, because she was afraid of her children, because her sons were among them.
29: 34 I have sent you, as the LORD commanded, the LORD, the LORD, the son of Israel, and the son of Israel, the son of Israel, and the land of Israel, in the land of Canaan.
‪xxxx  Chapter 35   (34 verses)‬
1: 35 And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying, Behold, thou shalt not give up upon the LORD, but let his anger be upon him.
2: 35 You commanded the children of Israel, and they gave it to me, and they gave it to them, and they gave it to them, so that they were able to return to the land, and the people of the land returned to the land.
3:35 35 And they were the children of the children of the tribe of Gilead, and of the children of Gath, and of their migratory ones, they were not able to give them bread, nor did they possess it, nor did they receive their sustenance.
4: 35 And he that is the root of the LORD shall be raised up: for I will not give it to them, but to them I will not give up the land of the city.
5: 35 Mdt֞m Mh֣otz La֗ir At-fat-k֣dmh Alf֪im Bֽam֟h and At-fat-ngb֩ Alf֨im Bam֜h and At-fat-i֣m | Alf֣im Bֽam֗h and A֨t Fa֥t Tzf֛on Alf֥im Bam֖h and Ha֣ir Bt֑oc Z֚h Ihi֣h Lh֔m Mgrs֖i Harֽim:
6: 35 And the people of the land were rebellious, and the people of the land of Israel were not there, but they were not six hundred years old, but they were not numbered, but they were not given to them, because they were not satisfied, but they were destroyed, and their families were destroyed, and they were not four hundred, and they were destroyed by the fire.
7:35 All the cities shall be filled with rain, and they shall give it to them, even to them, even four hundred, and they shall not be destroyed, neither shall they turn their backs on them, nor their plowshares.
8: 35 Hֽar֗im As֤r Ttno֙ Mahz֣t Bni-isra֔l Ma֤t Hrb֙ Trb֔o and Ma֥t Hma֖t Tma֑ito A֗is Cf֤i Nhlto֙ As֣r Inh֔lo It֥n Mar֖io Lloiֽm: P.
9: 35 And the LORD spake unto Moses, to Moses his name, saying, Amen.
10: 35 Speak unto the children of the children of Israel, and say unto them, Because ye have not seen them, they have transgressed the hand of the fire;
11: 35 And the people shall come to you, and they shall be with you, and they shall be filled with water: and they shall be given to them, and they shall be filled with water, and they shall not be consumed.
12: 35 And they were to them, and they were not awake to Mekleth, but he was angry with them, and there was no nation; but he wanted the people of his people forever, before him, before him, and he went up to the court of justice.
13: 35 And the cities shall be destroyed, and there shall be six hundred of them: they shall not be consumed; they shall come to them.
14: 35 The people of the land, the people of the cities, are giving unto us, that they shall not go down into the wilderness, nor shall they be destroyed, but they shall be filled with stones, and they shall not be put to rest in the land of Canaan, but they shall be filled with stones.
15: 35 To the children of Israel, I pray thee, and to Hagar, and to Thou shalt dwell in thy midst: behold, thou shalt not be satisfied with the six cities: for it is not easy for them, for it is not for them, for it is not for them, but for all things, for we are in the midst of evil.
16: 35 And if you weep for me, behold, I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you.
17:35 And they were in the midst of a hand, and the people of Israel were in it, and they were beaten up, and they were thirsty for it.
18: 35 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt go up to the house of the LORD, and thou shalt be glad to see him; and behold, thou shalt surely desire him.
19: 35 And the Lord, the Lord, is with them, and the Lord hath taken away the desire in the midst of the plague of his life: behold, ye shall die.
20: 35 And if in thy sleep, thou shalt bring it out: for thou shalt bring thy peace upon thee: for I have made it in my hand, and it hath come to pass.
21:35 But his voice was in his heart, and his father gave him his hand, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he ran away from him, and he went to the house of the LORD.
22: 35 And if thou shalt not go away, thou shalt not go astray, or thy hand shall be upon thee; all things shall be in me;
23: 35 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be satisfied with him; but behold, he is not in the house of the LORD, nor is his father, nor his father, nor his father, nor his father, nor his father, nor his son, nor his son, nor his son.
24: 35 And when they judged it, the LORD said unto them, Behold, there is no god but thee, and there is no god but the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the judge, the judge, the judge, and the judge.
25: 35 Htz֨ilo Had֜h At-hrtz֗h Mid֮ Ga֣l Hdm֒ and Hs֤ibo Ato֙ Hֽad֔h Al-a֥ir Mklt֖o Asr-n֣s S֑mh and I֣sb B֗h Ad-mot֙ Hch֣n Hgd֔l Asr-ms֥h At֖o Bs֥mn Hkֽds:
26: 35 And if the son of Israel was thirsty, he wanted the sword of the mighty, but he was not afraid of his calf, but his name was Esau, and there was no god but God.
27: 35 And I will bring him to the house of the Lord, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
28: 35 And when he came out of his closet, he was ashamed of them, and he went up to the house of the king, and he returned to the house of the king, and after that he died, and the king went down, and the king went back to him, and he ran away to him, to the land of his brethren.
29: 35 And they, behold, I will bring them to the law, and they will not go out of their captivity, and they will be scattered among them, and they shall return to their land.
30: 35 All the people of the people of Israel have mercy on Me, but they have no desire to destroy the land, nor to destroy any other nation.
31: 35 And it came to pass, that it was taken to pass, that it was not so much for the wicked, but as for the wicked, the chief of the family, the mother of the children, so that the children of Israel died.
32: 35 And thou shalt not take it any more, but it shall not go down from the furnace, nor shall it return to it, but it shall return to the land, even unto the end thereof.
33: 35 Lֽa-thn֣ifo At-ha֗rtz As֤r Atm֙ B֔h C֣i Hd֔m H֥oa Ihn֖if At-ha֑rtz and La֣rtz Lֽa-icf֗r Ldm֙ As֣r Sfc-b֔h Ci-a֖m Bd֥m Sfcֽo:
34: 35 And thou shalt not take the earth, for thou shalt not dwell;
‪xxxx  Chapter 36   (13 verses)‬
1: 36 and ֽikrb֞o Ras֣i Hֽab֗ot Lmsf֤ht Bnֽi-glad֙ Bn-mc֣ir Bn-mns֔h Mֽmsfh֖t Bn֣i Ios֑f and ֽidbr֞o Lfn֤i Msh֙ and Lfn֣i Hnsa֔im Ras֥i Ab֖ot Lbn֥i Israֽl:
2: 36 Iamr֗o At-adni֙ Tzo֣h Iho֔h Lt֨t At-ha֧rtz Bnhl֛h Bgor֖l Lbn֣i Isra֑l and ֽadni֙ Tzo֣h Bֽiho֔h Lt֗t Aֽt-nhl֛t Tzlfh֥d Ah֖ino Lbntֽio:
3: 36 ֠hio Lah֞d Mbn֨i Sbt֥i Bnֽi-isral֮ Lnsim֒ and Ngra֤h Nhltn֙ Mnhl֣t Abt֔ino and Nos֕f A֚l Nhl֣t Hmt֔h As֥r Thi֖inh Lh֑m and Mgr֥l Nhlt֖no Igrֽa:
4: 36 Am-ihi֣h Hibl֮ Lbn֣i Isral֒ and Nֽosfh֙ Nhlt֔n A֚l Nhl֣t Hmt֔h As֥r Thi֖inh Lh֑m and Mֽnhlt֙ Mt֣h Abt֔ino Igr֖a Nhltֽn:
5: 36 And Moses made a sign of the sons of Israel, saying, "Behold, I will go down to the house of the LORD." The LORD said to them, "Amen!" "Surely they have given birth to a son." He said, "Do not be angry with me."
6: 36 And this is the commandment, which is the commandment of the LORD, the LORD, that is, the son of the children of Tzelapah, and the mother of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the women of Israel; the children of Israel;
7: 36 And it came to pass, that the son of Israel was born, that he might not be born, but he was a man of the tribe of Israel.
8: 36 and Cl-b֞t Ir֣st Nhl֗h Mmtot֮ Bn֣i Isral֒ Lah֗d Mmsf֛ht Mt֥h Ab֖ih Thi֣h Las֑h Lm֗an Iֽirso֙ Bn֣i Isra֔l A֖is Nhl֥t Abtֽio:
9: 36 And it came to pass, that he had given birth to him, that he had given birth to him, that he had given birth to him, that he had given birth to him;
10: 36 When the commandment of the LORD was fulfilled, the LORD gave it to the people of Israel, so that they did it to the children of Tzalpah.
11: 36 And behold, there is no place for it, and it is the earth, and it is the moon, and it is the kingdom of God, and it is not in the house of the sons of Tzalpah.
12: 36 And the children of Mesopotamia, the sons of Manasseh, the sons of Josiah, were the sons of Josiah, and they were married to the sons of Nathalath.
13: 36 I have given you the commandment and the judgment, because I have commanded the commandment of the LORD, the LORD, to live in the land of Moses, to the Son of Israel, and to the people of Israel, to the land of the LORD, and to the people of Israel;
‪xxxx    End of Numbers (36 chapters, 1289 verses).
