‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.45. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Obadiah (1 chapters, 21 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (21 verses)‬
1: 1 Hz֖on Aֽbdi֑h Cֽh-amr֩ Adn֨i Iho֜h Lad֗om Smoa֨h Sm֜ano Ma֤t Ihoh֙ and Tzir֙ Bgoi֣m Sl֔h K֛omo and Nk֥omh Alih [Q] [c] [n] Lmlhmֽh:
2: 1 Behold, the children of the children of Israel have been brought to you, they have come to you, and they have come to you.
3: 1 Behold, your heart is glad for you, because you have lost your neighbor in the holy days of the scepter, because you have not forgotten him, but you have been silent in his hearts.
4: 1 If thou shalt be satisfied, then be as the servants of the captives; and if they are not, they shall be ashamed; they shall not rejoice;
5: 1 If the mother of the sons of Israel came to you, I will go to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will not go back to you.
6: 1 But your eyes are vain; but they do not do evil; they do not answer, and they do not obey.
7: 1 The king of the mighty is the king of the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel and the people of Israel.
8: 1 Behold, I am not in the house of the LORD, but this is the day of the LORD, and the servants of the wise, the wise, the mighty, the mighty, and the merciful.
9: 1 And you shall be gathered together, and your hearts shall be filled with bread, and there shall be no man.
10: 1 Whosoever hates thy brother, hath he blessed thy throne, that is, in the midst of the earth, and thou shalt know it;
11: 1 In the day when the people of Israel were born, they were in the midst of a great multitude, and they returned to the land of Israel, and they returned to the land of Israel, and the land of Israel was destroyed, and the people of Israel were destroyed, and the people of Israel were still there, and the people of Israel were on their way, and the people of Yerushalayim were on their way.
12: 1 And I will not see the day of your brother in the house, but I will give it to you, and I will not give it to the sons of the children of Yahweh, but I will return to them, and I will destroy them, and I will not be afraid of you, because I fear you because of their distress.
13: 1 Do not be afraid of me, because I am afraid of my people, because I am afraid of them, but I am not afraid of them, but I am afraid of you in his wickedness, because I am afraid of him, but of his fear, and not of his strength, but of his strength in his strength;
14: 1 And he went up, and stood up, and went up to the ground, to destroy his flocks, and to him, to melt away the scepter of his hand, and to him in the midst of them,
15: 1 When the voice of the Lord is upon you, the day of the LORD is upon you, upon all the nations of the world, as it is done, when thou hast done it, it shall come to pass, that it shall be done to thee, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
16: 1 For when the wickedness of the wicked is gone, so that thou shalt not go down to the sanctuary of the sanctuary, thou shalt be ashamed of it: for it is not in the hands of the mighty;
17: 1 And it came to pass, that Zihuah, the daughter of Zechariah, and Leah, and Leah, the daughter of Kedosh, and the son of Jerash;
18: 1 And there was a house in the house of Jacob, that was built for him, and the house of Jacob was not even for him, and the house of Esau was there, and he was there, and he went to the house of David, and he ate it, and there was no bread, and there was no bread. And he said unto them, Cursed is the bread of the LORD.
19: 1 And he gave his inheritance, and he brought back the threshing-floor, which made him, and destroyed it, and slew the sheep, and gave it to the land of Ephrath, and the land of Sadeh was there, and they kept the ships, and they built the Gilboa.
20: 1 And Glorified was the son of Hahl, the son of Zaza, for the sons of Israel, and the children of Israel, for as for the children of Canaan, for as for the children of Israel, even for the children of Israel, even for the children of Israel, even for the children of Israel, and for the children of Israel, and for the children of Israel.
21: 1 And the men of the captivity went up to him in the midst of the children of Zephon, to cast out the rod of Esau, and they gave him bread;
‪xxxx    End of Obadiah (1 chapters, 21 verses).
