‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.46. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Proverbs (31 chapters, 915 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (33 verses)‬
1: 1 The people of Solomon, the children of the children of Israel, are among you, the children of Israel.
2: 1 The children of Hachammah, who were destroyed, were destroyed, and the people of Israel were not there;
3: 1 And thou shalt take away from me, that thou shalt not give up, and that thou shalt not be ashamed;
4: 1 Thou shalt give them bread, because they are naked, but they are not the fruit of the earth, nor the earth;
5: 1 And he shall bring forth wisdom, and he shall give strength to the sword, and the son of the son of the king shall be buried, and he shall not be consumed.
6: 1 Behold, I am not satisfied; and I will bring it to you. Speak to me, and I will be wise to you.
7: 1 Behold, the LORD, the Lord, is the first, the Lord, the Lord, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, the Lord, and the Lord.
8: 1 I will not be ashamed of you, but I will not be afraid of you, nor thy father, nor thy father, nor thy father, nor thy lord;
9: 1 So that they may return to the house of the LORD, and they will return to you, and they will return to you.
10: 1 Behold, if thou art foolish, thou shalt not repent, but thou shalt not repent.
11: 1 If they say unto him, Behold, thou shalt surely be blessed, and they shall not be blessed: for they are children, and they are the birds, and they are the sons of men.
12: 1 When the children of Israel died, when they lived, they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, because they were rebellious in the river.
13: 1 All the children of Israel, the children of Israel, have been circumcised, and they have been circumcised, because they have given us food.
14: 1 G-d is your strength, and your strength is in your strength, so that you will not be afraid, but this is the way to be.
15: 1 Behold, I pray thee unto thee, that thou art not in thy hand, but thou shalt not be satisfied;
16: 1 For they are afraid of their anger, and of the fear of the LORD, they have been saved, and they have been destroyed, and they have been destroyed.
17: 1 When the people of the land of Israel were born, they were destroyed, and they were in the midst of the children of Israel. [U] כננוף:
18: 1 And it is they who are in the midst of the earth; they will not be afraid; they will be crucified, and they will not give up their souls.
19: 1 Now, when all the earth is full, I will be thirsty, and I will save the soul of the pestilence.
20: 1 The wise men of the people of Israel are great; they are in the house;
21: 1 Breu, the son of my father, my mother, is the woman of the house; she is bald; she is not in the open, but she is awake;
22: 1 So long as you have gone to the house of the LORD, and I have loved you, and I have gone to the land of Israel, and I have not seen them, nor have I ever seen them.
23: 1 Thou shalt be satisfied, and thou shalt be satisfied, and thou shalt not be satisfied: for, behold, the Father, the Lord, is the voice of the Spirit, the Spirit of the Spirit, the Lord of the Universe.
24: 1 Yea, my heart is full of my anger, and I am thirsty, and I am thirsty;
25: 1 And all the women were scattered, and all the women were there, and they were not convinced: for they were not their fathers.
26: 1 I am also in your right hand, I will bring thee forth, and I will come to the house;
27: 1 In the midst of the Lord, when the Lord is like the people of the world, they are afraid of you, and they are not like you, but they are the people of the world.
28: 1 I am the one who is jealous of me, and I am not pleased with him, and I am not pleased with him.
29: 1 Thou shalt be afraid, for they have disobeyed the LORD, and have seen him; they have been afraid of him; they have not been in contempt.
30: 1 Do not have a father, do not you have a tree, and you shall not be angry with him.
31: 1 And they shall be consumed from the mouth of their ways, and their strength shall be given to them, and they shall return to their homes.
32: 1 When they return, they shall come back to them, and they shall be angry with them, and they shall go down as a thorn, and they shall not be lost.
33: 1 And it was the name of the people of Israel, that is, the land of the land, and the land of the land, and the land of the land of the land.
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (22 verses)‬
1: 2 If I am a mother, thou shalt be afraid of me, saying, I am a man, and I am a man;
2: 2 I will give you strength for your strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give it to you, and I will return to you.
2: 2 For they are not worthy of understanding, but they are not worthy of the Lord;
4: 2 If ye ask for a cup of wine, then it shall be a cup of bread, and the bread shall be filled with bread.
5: 2 Wherefore, thou shalt be afraid, but the fear of the LORD shall come upon thee, and the LORD shall come unto the LORD, and thou shalt not be thirsty.
6: 2 For they were wise: they were wise; they were wise; they were wise, and they were good.
7: 2 And they clothed their hands: they were young, and they were brought to death, and they were not able to give them food.
8: 2 Let the fort be strong, and be strong in the mouth of the Lord, and be merciful to him.
9: 2 And behold, thou shalt be sure, and be wise, and be quiet, and be quiet, and all the mighty, and the mighty;
10: 2 When thou art wise, thou art wise in thy heart, and do not go down to thy nostrils, but shall move them away.
11: 2 From the time of your sleep, I will put your eyes on thee, and thou shalt understand, thou shalt not be afraid.
12: 2 To the Lord, I will give thee strength: for there is no god but God, and there is no man;
13: 2 And the children of Zeb'im made bread, and the fruit of the wine, which was good for the wine, was made in the bread of thy hand.
14: 2 And they that were glad to do, went out, and went astray;
15: 2 As for their families, they are stubborn; they are stubborn; and they are in contempt, and they are in their midst.
16: 2 To the Lord, make your way from the woman to the stranger: the son of Moses, the son of Necher, the son of Abraham, said to him: Behold, I will come to thee.
17: 2 And the daughter of the son of the king, and the sons of the LORD;
18: 2 Wherefore was the spirit of the house of God, and the house of the LORD, and of the people of Galilee, of the cities of Galilee;
19: 2 All the children of Israel shall return to him, and they shall return to the land, and they shall not return.
20: 2 For the sake of you, you shall go in good ways, and you shall be far away, and you shall be righteous: ye shall not be ashamed.
Num 21: 2 When the righteous shall rise up, they shall dwell in the house of the LORD.
22: 2 And the wicked shall be made of the earth, and they shall be gathered together, and they shall be ashamed of themselves.
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (35 verses)‬
1: 3 Behold, I am a Torah scholar, but thou shalt not be blessed; and I am the commandment of the LORD, and I am the son of the LORD;
2: 3 For when I am with you, I will give you life, and the life of my life will be fulfilled, and I will not let them go, but I will return to you.
3: 3 Behold, it is a pillar, and it is a pillar, and there is no god but your heart, and it is not your heart, nor thy soul, nor thy soul, nor thy soul, nor thy soul;
4: 3 And he came out of them, and he made them wise; and he looked in the eye of God, and they were not afraid.
5: 3 Behold, thou shalt go in unto all thy heart, and unto thy children, thou shalt not go into the midst of them.
6: 3 In all thy ways are thy knowledge, and behold, it is not, that it shall be broken, but thy spirit shall be thy neighbor.
7: 3 Behold, thou shalt not be wise in thy sight, because thou art afraid of the LORD, and of the evil of the Lord.
8: 3 Thou shalt be satisfied with thy righteousness, and thy strength shall be with thee;
9: 3 Thou shalt take the LORD out of thy mouth, and thou shalt not be afraid of all thy presence.
10: 3 And he said unto him, I will make thee into thy throne, that I may return, and let the fire be upon thee, and thy neighbor shall receive thee.
11: 3 And Moses, the son of Judah, was born to him, and he was not with him;
12: 3 When I saw that the woman was dying, the LORD came to him, and the son of Yahweh came to him, and said to her, "Behold, I will bring you to the house."
13: 3 As for the people, they were wise, and they were wise, and they were very beautiful.
14: 3 When the foolishness of the tongue is made, and there is more sorrow, and it is more precious, and it is more important than the desire to bring it forth.
15: 3 Yea, yea, they are of me, and of them;
16: 3 Behold, I will make thee rest in heaven; and he shall be filled with water; and he shall be filled with water;
17: 3 Thou shalt go down the paths of the people, and all the daughters of the daughters of Israel shall die;
18: 3 The tree of life, that is, it is the breadth of the bread, and it is the bread of it, and the fruit of it is made from it.
19: 3 Yea, thou shalt be wise in the midst of the earth, and in the midst of the earth;
20: 3 In his knowledge, Thou art astonished: they cried, they came out, and they that were erased, were afraid: and they trembled.
21: 3 Behold, I am with you, and I will not be with thee, for your eyes are in the midst of the earth, and I have not seen them.
22: 3 And, behold, my life is a living place for your soul, and this is your heart, and I will grate your anger against you.
23: 3 Behold, Thou shalt go back to thy land, thy way, and thy feet shall not be broken;
24: 3 If thou shalt lie down, thou shalt not be afraid; and thou shalt lie down, and be angry with thee, thou shalt keep thy neighbor.
25: 3 Do not be afraid from the mouth of the mouth of their mouth, but they shall not lift up the charge of the wicked, for they are not in the oven.
26: 3 Behold, the eyes of the LORD shall be upon thee in thy throne, and upon thy feet shall thy feet be filled with bread.
27: 3 Do not let the people of the world go out of their way, they will not be with you, but with your hands, your hands will come to them.
28: 3 Do not be angry with your neighbor, nor do you know that you have been blessed, and that you have gone astray, and you have been angry, and you have not seen him yet.
29: 3 Do not be angry with your neighbor, because he is evil, and he is afraid of you, and you are not afraid of him.
30: 3 Thou shalt not rejoice with them, but be merciful to them, but to them, behold, your majesty is not evil.
31: 3 But thou shalt not be thirsty in the flesh of the sword, and it shall not go down to the grave in all thy ways.
32: 3 When ye hate the LORD, behold, they are evil, and they are afraid;
33: 3 You shall not be afraid of the LORD, but of the Lord of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of your children.
34: 3 The mother of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the children of Israel, and the poor, and the poor.
35: 3 As for the wise men, they shall be ashamed; and they shall be made foolish, and they shall not be afraid.
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (27 verses)‬
1: 4 He heard the words of the sons of Moses, saying, "Cruelty to the Father," and "his heart is hardened, and his heart is still alive."
2: 4 So that I might take the oath, and I gave it to you, and I gave it to you, and I gave it to you.
3: 4 For, behold, I have become a father unto you, and thy neighbor, and I am the LORD, and I will go before you.
4: 4 And he said unto me, Behold, I say unto you, Behold, I will come unto thee, and I will bring thee, that I may be pleased with the commandments.
5: 4 Kneeh, hhhh, hhhhhhh!
6: 4 Do not go away, and keep your love, O LORD, and you shall be thirsty.
7: 4 The first wife was a wise woman; she was wise; she was wise; and all the children of the tribe of Naina were jealous of her, because she was with her.
8: 4 Salseleh, and thou shalt not lift up thy hand; thou shalt lie in thy hand, because thou shalt not be blessed.
9: 4 Thou shalt not give to thy servants, even to the house of the dead, but to the multitude of things that are in your garden:
10: 4 I will not be ashamed of you, and I will tell you the truth, and I will fight against you, and I will return to you, and there will be many lives.
11: 4 In thy name is thy righteousness, thy wisdom is thy tenderness: thy tenderness is in the circles of the flesh of the flesh.
12: 4 When thou hast taken it, thou shalt not see thy feet, and thou shalt not go astray, but thou shalt not cling to it.
13: 4 Thou shalt not be ashamed of the muzzler, but thou shalt not be thirsty: for it is the life of thy life.
14: 4 In the midst of the evil of the wicked, thou shalt not be afraid, and thou shalt not be ashamed of the evil of the wicked.
15: 4 He made him angry, but he did not pass away from him, and sent him away from above.
16: 4 When they came to him, they did not sleep; but they were not afraid, and they were stolen from them, but they were not married, but they were not able to escape.
17: 4 When they had mercy on them, they went back to the city of Sheba, and they were not in charge, but they were afraid of him.
18: 4 And the children of Tzadikim, as the priests of Nunah, went down to you, and went back to the land of Adon-Nechun, because they were not.
19: 4 Deuteronomy, the wicked, is like the darkness of the Lord; he is not afraid; but it is in the midst of it that he is ashamed.
20: 4 Behold, I am the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
21: 4 Do not be afraid of your eyes, because you are the one who sees them, the daughter of your son, and your son is your son.
22: 4 When the living things were gone, they came to their own ways, and all the flesh of his flesh became bitter.
23: 4 And he who is mighty is the keeper of the wicked, and he shall not be with thee; for they shall not be put to death, but they shall be saved.
24: 4 Thou shalt not bring forth thy righteousness, nor the wall of the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth.
25: 4 We are against thee, so that thou shalt go away, and let your anger go down: for thy wickedness is against thee.
26: 4 And the king of the angels, the angel of your feet, and the angel of thy hand, are thy feet;
27: 4 And he said unto him, Come, thou shalt go down, and thou shalt not go astray, and thy feet shall not go down.
‪xxxx  Chapter 5   (23 verses)‬
1: 5 Behold, I am a wise man; and I am the captain of the tribe, and I am the captain of the tribe.
2: 5 Let your days be filled with joy, and your lips shall be filled with joy.
3: 5 Wherefore, thou shalt be covered, and thou shalt be covered: thou shalt be a stranger; and behold, it shall be the bread of the seed;
4: 5 And after her death she rose up, and said unto her, This is the land of the LORD;
5: 5 Thou shalt bring down the waves of the earth;
6: 5 But the children of Hahnaim, the children of Taflath, were moved, and they were not taken away from them; they were not filled with them;
7: 5 And when the sons of Israel heard it, they listened to it, and they did not turn away from what they had said.
8: 5 The wind is from above, and thy way is gone, and thou shalt not go down to the house of the house of the house.
9: 5 Behold, you shall not be afraid of another, and your wife shall be ashamed of me.
10: 5 Wherefore shall you sit, O foreigner, that is your strength, and I will make thee strong in thy heart;
11: 5 And you shall die in the afterlife, and in you shall dwell in your honor, and keep your guard.
12: 5 And I said unto you, Thou art thy neighbor, that I may be cut off: and thou shalt not be blessed;
13: 5 And I said unto him, I have not heard my voice; and I have gone astray, and I have not heard of it; yet I am not afraid; yet I am not afraid.
14: 5 How little I have been in all the children of the children of Kohath, and I have gone down with them.
15: 5 Be silent, and thou shalt not be blessed; and ye shall be despised: for thy commandments are in thy iniquities.
16: 5 Behold, they have taken away from thee your eyes: for the people of the land, the people of the land, and the people of the land of the children of the land.
17: 5 Behold, thy eyes are upon thee, and upon thee, and thou shalt not be strangers: for ye are not with thee.
18: 5 Behold, thy name is thy name, and thy name is thy name, and thy name is the seed of thy seed.
19: 5 Do you not love the children, and the children of Israel are the same, because they are your children, and they will be with you in all things, because you are in love with them, and you will make them happy.
20: 5 And if thou wilt attain it, behold, it is in the midst of the seed, and it shall be the breadth of the grain;
21: 5 For this is the place of the eyes of the LORD, the eyes of the children of the sword, and of all the vessels of the tower thereof;
22: 5 You shall not be ashamed of him. [U] Ye shall bring the LORD to the ground, and he shall be afraid of him, and he shall not be afraid.
23: 5 The Lord, the Lord of the worlds, is in the midst of the world, and the people of the land have been destroyed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 6   (35 verses)‬
1: 6 Behold, I am the mother of thy heart, that thou art thy evil, thy thy heart, thy heart, and thy heart;
2: 6 Thou shalt not be satisfied with thy words, and thy mouth shall be in your mouth, and thy mouth shall be with thee.
3: 6 And he did it, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, so that he might return to the house of the LORD, and he would return to you in the palm of your hand, so that he might return to you.
4: 6 Do not let the two of you sleep for your own sake, and let them come to you for your anger.
5: 6 He that is saved is like a turtle, and he is a mighty man, and he is the king of the flock.
6: 6 Behold, I will go down to Nemel, but I will see her, and I will see her through her, and she will be wise to them.
7: 6 As for the people of the land, there is no god but for them, and there is no one who is thirsty.
8: 6 Thou shalt not give up the bread of the fire, nor the bread, nor the bread, nor the meat, nor the meat, nor the meat.
9: 6 How long have you been so long? Thou shalt not dwell in thy land;
10: 6 What is the meaning of the word of the Lord, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth?
11: 6 And it came to pass, that the chief of thy people went out to thee, and thy throne was thy throne;
12: 6 Wherefore are ye in the house of the LORD? Where is the man?
13: 6 And he saw his eyes in the midst of his wrath. [Q] [q] Mellel is in his legs. [Q] [q] Mourinho is in Nazareth.
14: 6 Thou shalt go down, and thou shalt be afraid of him;
15: 6 Therefore, if the people of the world die, they shall not be afraid; they shall not be afraid; they shall return to them, and they shall return to them, and they shall not be oppressed.
16: 6 The six of them were asleep; the LORD was the LORD, and the LORD was the one who was in the midst of the abominations.
17: 6 The eyes of the children of Israel are on the east, and the people of the land of Israel are cold, and the people of the land of Israel have shed blood and blood.
18: 6 Let the children of Heshbash die, and they shall return to the land, and they shall return to the land, and they shall return to the land of Israel. [U]
19: 6 Behold, there is a fountain of wine among the sackcloth, which is bald, and that it is hot with salt, and it is hot with bread.
20: 6 Let me tell you, 'I am your father, and I am your father, and I will not be afraid of you, but your Torah will come to you.'
21: 6 And you shall bow them to your heart, and you shall be put to death, and they shall be trampled on your feet.
22: 6 In thy way, thou shalt give it. [C] Thou shalt let thee go: for thy sabbath shall be filled with thy seed: and it shall come to pass, and thou shalt bring it forth.
23: 6 Wherefore, in the light of the fire, and in the fire, and in the air, and in the furnace, and in the furnace, and in the furnace;
24: 6 For I will keep you from the sight of the wife of Rachel, from the house of the young woman, to the land of Israel;
25: 6 Do not be angry with your heart, nor your heart, nor your heart, nor your strength, nor your strength, but with your anger.
26: 6 For in the midst of the people of Zonah, there was a wall of bread, and the bread of the bread, and the bread of the fish, the bread of the sea, and of the fish.
27: 6 Behold, there is no man, that is, in his own law, and in his glory, he is not, but he is not in his flock.
28: 6 But if the man goeth up against him, he will go up against the jungle, and he will not turn to his feet;
29: 6 And when they came to the house, they came to the wife of another wife, and they came to him, and they were not with them, and they were like the angels of the people.
30: 6 Do not be afraid, and do not be angry with them; for they will not hide their anger, but they will not be afraid.
31: 6 And when they found out that they were satisfied, they destroyed all the inhabitants of the house, and they brought them to death.
32: 6 Nayef, Asheth, the son of Khasar, the son of Moses, the son of Moses.
33: 6 Behold, I will come to thee, and thou shalt not be afraid;
34: 6 And when the children of Kenaan were married, they were guilty of guilt, and they were not afraid of them, neither of them, nor of them.
35: 6 Do not be afraid of me, for all of you are like me, and I am not afraid of you, but I am afraid of you. Why are you so arrogant?
‪xxxx  Chapter 7   (27 verses)‬
1: 7 I am the one who has lost his commandment, and he is the one who has lost his power.
2: 7 He who is thirsty is the commandment of the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD.
3: 7 And you shall bow down to your heart, and set your heart upon your heart, and bring your heart to your heart.
4: 7 Am I not afraid of the wise, but my brother, my wife? And I will not go down to you, but I will come to you, and I will come to you.
5: 7 To keep your guard from woman, she is a stranger: for she is not a prophet; but she said: Behold, she is the one who is worthy of the LORD.
6: 7 For when I began to weep, my daughter came down to Ashanab, but my wife was not ashamed of me.
7: 7 And he saw them in the mouths; but they were not, and they were not in their children, but they were not in the house.
8: 7 And he shall be ashamed, and he shall not be pleased; and he shall turn to him, and he shall guide thee into his house;
9: 7 We are the children of the sorcerers of the multitude: they shall be oppressed in the people of the land, and they shall not go down, nor shall they be afraid.
10: 7 And she gave her a woman to read, and he gave him his wife's wife;
11: 7 Behold, she is a woman, and she is a serpent; she is not in her house; but she is not able to keep her feet.
12: 7 The people of Pharos, the Pharamites, fled in the wilderness, and all the inhabitants of the land of Israel were scattered.
13: 7 And behold, there was a [p] in it, [c] [c] and the sackcloth, which is the bread, and its bread, and its bread, and its bread.
14: 7 Behold, ye have made peace upon me, and they have gone up against me, and I have gone astray;
15: 7 For this reason I have called you to call out to you, to destroy your anger, because your anger is with you, and your nation has come to you.
16: 7 מ֭֭רבבדדִּּים ר֣ב֣דתתִּּי עְרשש֑֑י ח ח֝֝ט֗ב֗ותת א֥ט֥וּן מצצֽרֽיםם:
17: 7 I will not fall down from my bed; but I will not be afraid, but I will come to you, and I will return to you.
18: 7 To him the light of the fire went forth, and the fire was still in the air, and the sea was broken.
19: 7 For when I am not ready, there is no man in the house of his children, but he is not in thy house, because he is in the wind;
20: 7 And the thorn of the hand of the sword shall be in the hand of his hand;
21: 7 Thou shalt take the bread, and bring it to him, in the midst of the furnace, which is the bread of it, and it shall be brought to the table.
22: 7 The children of Israel went after them, and the people of Pharisees came to them, as if they were married to the people of the land. [U] Yavneh, the son of Moses, the son of Moses, the son of Moses.
23: 7 And he shall bare the light of the heat of the furnace, as it is in the furnace of the furnace, as it is the furnace of the corn, and it shall be poured out to the puff. And it shall not come to pass, but it shall be filled with bread.
24: 7 And when the sons of Israel came to hear it, they heard it, and it came to the heart of its enemies, saying to me:
25: 7 Do not go astray to your way, because your heart will not come to you, and you will not turn away from it.
26: 7 For many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many.
27: 7 And the children of the children of the children of Israel went up to the house of David,
‪xxxx  Chapter 8   (36 verses)‬
1: 8 Behold, behold, thou shalt surely be gathered; and thou shalt not understand, thou shalt give them a voice.
2: 8 In the beginning of Merom, the children of Israel shall rise up, and the way of life shall come.
3: 8 To the hand of the hair, to the mouth of the flock, there shall be a fountain of light;
4: 8 I will surely make you a man, and I will come back to you, and I will go down to the house of the sons of Israel;
5: 8 Behold, we will not turn away from them; they will be naked, and they will be destroyed.
6: 6 When they heard it, I was angry, and I was afraid, and I was afraid, and I was afraid of them, and I was afraid of them, and I was afraid of them.
7: 8 When the fear of the LORD came to pass, the wise came to light, and the anger was abhorrent, and the anger of the LORD was not satisfied.
8: 8 In the midst of all the men of my mouth, I said, I am not in the midst of them, but they have been scattered, and I have taken them.
9: 8 All of them are wise; they are wise; they are not worthy; they are the ones who are strong, and they are not worthy of obedience to God.
10: 8 And he took him away, and said to him, "And this is not so, and it is not yet clear."
11: 8 When the good men came, they came out of the house, and they went away, and all the people came to them, and they returned not to them, but they returned to the land.
12: 8 I am the son of the king, so that I have given up the land of the land, and it is the time of the time of the Amazah.
13: 8 Yea, the LORD, the LORD, is the LORD, that is, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
14: 8 Behold, thou shalt not be ashamed, and be ashamed of me, I am with thee;
15: 8 Behold, they are full of melancholy, and they are oppressed, and they have taken their strength.
16: 8 Behold, they are saints; they are transgressors; and they are not worthy; they are all-wise.
17: 8 I am the one who loves me, I love her, I love you, and I love you, and I love you, and I love you.
18: 8 And the serpent, and the rod, go up, and go out; yea, lo! Thou shalt not give up, and thou shalt be righteous.
19: 8 And the children of Pharah, of Mehar, of Zuhr, and of Mafath, and of Zibuath, of Merkaz, of Nebuchar.
20: 8 In the spirit of righteousness thou shalt be thy God: [U] in thy name is thy name, and thou shalt not go astray.
21: 8 Let the children of Israel die, and the people of Israel shall be destroyed.
22: 8 Yea, behold, I am the chief of the people, the chief of the people of Israel, the LORD of the people, of the children of Israel, of the children of Israel;
23: 8 From the time of my death, I have been defeated, because I have given up my fire from the east of my country.
24: 8 When I did not die, I went to the house of the LORD, and I came to me in the midst of the evil of the children of Israel, so that I would not be disappointed.
25: 8 Behold, the children of Hatham, the people of the tribe, went up to the land, and went to the land of the Chaldeans.
26: 8 Then he went up to the land, and to the east, and to the south, and to the west, to Saad, to Ephron.
27: 8 In the midst of the heavens, the waters of the sea are hot, but they are still in me, and they are in the heat of the earth.
28: 8 In his commandment, he hath erased from them: from the midst of the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the eye of the children of Thathum. [U]
29: 8 In the midst of his death, the Lord gave him strength, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him.
30: 8 And, behold, the LORD said unto him, I will come unto thee, and I will come unto thee, and behold, I will come unto thee, that is, to him, that is, to him, and to him.
31: 8 From the play of the tabernacle, I will bring it to him, and I will bring it to the house of the children of Israel.
32: 8 And when the sons of Israel heard it, they heard it, and they said to them, 'Do not go astray!'
33: 8 He heard the voice of Moses, the voice of the wise men, and of the people of Israel.
34: 8 And when the people of Israel went down, they went down to the land of Israel, and they returned to the land of Israel, and the land of the land of Israel, and the land of the land of Israel.
35: 8 When my soul came down, I found my life, and my life was full of fear.
36: 8 And the fool hath taken away his wickedness, and all his wickedness hath come upon him;
‪xxxx  Chapter 9   (18 verses)‬
1: 9 Behold, the daughters of the sons of Bethan, the daughter of Hatham, the son of Hetzav, the son of Amad;
2: 9 The tabernacle of Tethbathah is a masseur, because it is the land of the people, and the people of the land.
2: 9 And he sent him forth, saying, Na'aroth, thou shalt not be shaken; but he hath gone up to Gap, and he hath turned away from me;
4: 9 From Mephthai, Issur, the son of Anzah, the son of Hasar, the son of Laban, rebelled against his children.
5: 9 To the king of Israel they came to him, and they fought against him, and they fought against him.
6: 9 Ezekiel answered them, "Why are you afraid of me, and my life is gone, and I am not pleased with you, because I am in your midst?"
7: 9 And Jesus said unto him, Lo, thou shalt surely go forth: and he shall not be cursed, and he shall be the chief of the wicked.
8: 9 Do not let the fear of the children of the flock pass through you, because it is your strength, your strength is your strength, and your love is yours.
9: 9 Thou shalt be wise unto the wise, and the wise, and the great, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty.
10: 9 Thou shalt not be afraid of the whirlwind: the LORD shall be afraid, and the LORD shall be holy;
11: 9 For when your children multiply, they will destroy you, and they will turn away for you, because they are the living ones.
12: 9 But if thou wilt be wise, thou shalt surely die, and thou shalt not be thirsty for thy servant; but thou shalt be afraid.
13: 9 The woman was like a fool: she was my mother; she was a child; she was a woman; and there was no knowledge of her.
14: 9 And he that sat down before the house of his daughter came upon her, so that she could not be put to death.
15: 9 And he shall not be angry with the people of the Lord, because they are the ones who are in the midst of their wickedness;
16: 9 From Mephthai, Issur, the son of Nezah, and the son of Lazarus, and the Amorah, to his descendants.
17: 9 What is the meaning of the word of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe?
18: 9 And they did not know that they were afraid of them, but that they were still in the depths of the earth.
‪xxxx  Chapter 10   (32 verses)‬
1: 10 He said to them, "Behold, I will be with you." He said, "Behold, I will bring them to you, and I will bring them to you."
2: 10 Do not let him go out of the house of the wicked; and he is righteous; but thou shalt not be afraid of his mouth.
3:10 And the Lord hath not taken away the anger of the LORD, and the enemy of the wicked, and the evil of the wicked, the LORD of hosts.
4: 10 And the fire of the serpent was done, and the palm of my hand was broken: and it came to the burning of the thorn, and it came to pass.
5: 10 And the children of the children of the children of Israel, the children of Israel;
6: 10 In the gracious ways of the Lord, the captain of Tzadik, the son of Zippor, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts;
7: 10 "Remember, I will bring you to your knees, and they will be wicked because of them."
8: 10 The wise man of the tribe of Yekkeh, the captain of the tribe of Ophil, the captain of the tribe of Israel;
9: 10 Thou shalt be blessed, and in the end shall he come to thee in the land, and he shall be bound with thy blood;
10: 10 And he said unto them: [Q] [c] O ye, ye shall give strength to the father, and the father of the tribe of the tribe of Israel;
11: 10 It is a day of mourning for the children of Israel, for the people of Israel have been blessed, and the people of Israel have been saved.
12: 10 When thou shalt not be afraid of the law, and go up all the way of the wicked, thou shalt not be covered; but thou hast loved it.
13: 10 In the mouth of the mouth, thou shalt bring forth wisdom, and it shall be a scepter of bread, and it shall be cut short.
14: 10 The wise men shall be gathered together, and they shall be afraid, and they shall be afraid of the dead.
15: 10 Thou shalt not give up the land of the goats: but the children of the house of the children of the world are no more.
16: 10 Thou shalt not raise the hand of the LORD, nor the bread of thine hand;
17: 10 I will send unto the LORD thy life, that it shall be desolate, and it shall be broken, and it shall be broken, and it shall be broken.
18: 10 He who maketh the tongue of the mouth of the lips of the sackcloth, and oppresses it;
19: 10 Breuben, the son of David, the son of Levi, the son of Shapiro, who is wicked, and heareth your name, your lips;
20: 10 And there was another cup of wine in the bread of the thorns, and a cup of wine, and the bread of the wicked,
21: 10 The lips of the righteous shall be afraid: for they have multiplied, and the LORD hath gone astray, and he is in the midst of his life.
22: 10 In the blessing of Yahweh, it is the work of the lamp, and it shall not be broken, but it shall be with the people.
23: 10 And when he had made a mockery of the oxen, he made him a servant of the king, and he blessed the wise men;
24: 10 He who revolted, was not satisfied, but they were vain, and they were thirsty, but they were righteous;
25: 10 As for the people of Sophoto, and the chief of the tribe of Simeon, and Zadik, the son of Jacob, the son of Ozer, they were gone.
26: 10 And they did it to them, and they did it to their eyes, so that they were able to send it to their own messenger.
27: 10 Behold, ye shall fear, yea, the life of the wicked, and the wickedness of the wicked: but thou shalt not cut off the horns.
28: 10 Thou shalt bring forth righteous things, that ye may not be glad; and the wickedness of the wicked shall be fulfilled; yea shall not be thirsty.
29: 10 What is the word of the Lord, the LORD thy God, and he that hath given him bread?
30: 10 Thou shalt not go astray; but the wicked shall not be oppressed: but the wicked shall not be consumed; they shall not dwell in the land.
31: 10 The children of Tzedek, the sons of the wise men, were wise: and they were in the midst of the flock;
32: 10 The lips of the children of the righteous shall be known, and they shall be the children of the flock, and the children of the tribe of Israel shall be destroyed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 11   (31 verses)‬
1: 11 And they went up to the house of Thouba, the LORD, and the son of Solomon;
2: 11 Behold, behold, the son of Zephon, and the son of Laban, came to Kalon, and Zonath-Znu'e was wise.
3: 11 Thou shalt not give up the trees, and they shall be filled with thorns, and they shall be crucified, and they shall be ashamed;
4:11 I do not know what I am saying, because I am speaking to you, and I am righteous;
5:11 Thou shalt not go astray: but thou shalt not bow down to thy neighbor, nor thou shalt be wicked in his wickedness;
6: 11 Thou shalt bring forth the righteousness of the righteous, and save them, and they shall return to the house of the people, and they shall come to you.
7:11 In the words of the Lord, the Lord is the Savior, the Thou, the Lord, the Thou, the Thorn, the Thorn, and the Thorns, and the Fathers.
8: 11 And Zedek, the son of Zerah, was born, and the son of Zerah was born;
9: 11 In the mouth of the oven, the oven of the oven, and the bread of the rod, and the rod of the rod, and the bread of the rod;
10: 11 But the children of Tzadikim went up, and raised up their graves, and in the midst of the wicked, they rejoice.
11: 11 In the midst of the seven mighty ones, Thou shalt rise, and be in the house, and in the mouth of the wicked, and in the midst of thorns.
12: 11 Behold, he hath taken him away for lack of knowledge, and there is no understanding of the knowledge of the people of Israel.
13: 11 Thou shalt not be afraid of all things, but he that is full of sorrows, and trusteth, that is, that it is made of money;
14:11 In the midst of the greatness of the greatness, the greatness of the world is lost, and the salvation of the Lord is in the heart of the LORD.
15: 11 The wicked man is evil; for he is angry with them, and they have not fallen;
16: 11 The woman of the women of Thou, Thou shalt not return to the house of the Lord, and go forth: and they shall be exalted, and they shall strengthen themselves.
17: 11 He was full of his nostrils: he was a man of valor, a man of valor, and a man of valor;
18: 11 And the captain of the tribe of Asah, the captain of the tribe of Shazar, was uprooted, and Zeraih, Zedek, was destroyed;
19:11 Thus righteousness is a life unto the living, and it is raining against evil, and it is not for its dead.
20: 11 Thou shalt not give up thy commandments;
21: 11 And the children of the children of Israel were not hungry;
22:11 And behold, the son of Zechariah died in the midst of the fire, and the fire of the fire was still burning.
23: 11 Thou shalt be righteous, but thou shalt not be afraid; and thou shalt surely be satisfied with the wicked;
24:11 And he that is of the dispersion, and he is defeated, and he is angry; and he humbles thee, and he is strong, and he is strong.
25: 11 And it is in the midst of thee that thou shalt be satisfied, and it is not, and it is not.
26: 11 And he who is in the house of the LORD shall return to his house, and he shall return to his land, and he shall return to the land of the LORD.
27: 11 And there is no god but the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord.
28: 11 Booth the bread of the flesh, and it is not enough, and it is not so much, but it is a righteous thing.
29: 11 And he gave him his bread, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to the wise.
30: 11 And the children of Zedek, the children of Hittin, and Lokah, the Pharisees of the Pharisees. [U].
31:11 And the son of Zadik came to the land of Israel;
‪xxxx  Chapter 12   (28 verses)‬
1: 12 Ahavab from the Book of Surah [Q] [c] The Book of the Lord, the Lord of the Throne, and the Companions, the Companions and the Companions.
2: 12 Thou shalt bring forth the yoke of the Lord, the Lord of the LORD, the LORD, and the Lord of the earth.
3: 12 Do not be angry with them, because they are in the midst of the wickedness of the Lord, and they are in the midst of evil.
4: 12 A woman of valor, who has been worshiped for a long time, has become rich in strength, and has become ashamed of her.
5: 12 Whosoever shall keep the righteousness of the righteous, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the wicked, the merciful, the merciful.
6: 12 Thou shalt not say, Verily, the wicked shall not have mercy on them, and they shall be destroyed: for they that are strong shall not be saved.
7: 12 And the wicked are wicked, and they are not, and they are not righteous;
8: 12 To Lafaye-sicha, they were ashamed: there was a man with a sword, and they turned away from him, and turned away.
9: 12 ט֣ו֣ב נב֭קלל וה ועע֣בּ֣ב֑ד ל֑ד֑ו֝מ֝מּתתככ֗בּד וד וה חסלֽם- לֽחםם:
10: 12 The LORD hath given him strength, and he hath given up his wickedness, and his bread, and his bread, and the bread of the wicked;
11: 12 He went down to his house, and he returned to the house of Hamam, and rebelled against it, and emptied it.
12: 12 The wicked man, the wicked, the wicked, the wicked, the wicked, the wicked, the wicked, the wicked;
13: 12 In the midst of the wickedness of the mouths, he gave up his anger, and gave up the land of Egypt.
14: 12 12 And he said, "Behold, I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
15: 12 The Lord, the Lord is the God of the people, and his eyes are in his sight, and he has made a name for himself, because they are wise.
16: 12 Truly, O son of valor, shall he be afraid of his flock, and his throne shall be full of light;
17: 12 Behold, the LORD hath given strength to the Lord, and he hath taken away his righteousness, and there is no sackcloth;
18: 12 And Jesus said to him, "Behold, I will be with you."
19: 12 The bread of the LORD shall be given to him, and he shall go down to the valley of the ark,
20: 12 12 In the midst of the heart of the earth is the root of the earth, and the trees of the trees;
21: 12 We have not given to Zadik all the sons of Aaron, but to the wicked, they have not gone astray.
22: 12 Thou shalt bring the lips of the sackcloth to the ground, and do it, and do it: believe it, it is its radiance.
23: 12 Thou shalt not go astray, but if thou hast gone astray, and it shall not come to pass, but it shall be desolate, and it shall be cold;
24: 12 The hand of Haruhot, whose name is Thamesh, is the name of the Lord, and my Lord is my Lord. [Q] [n] [p] Thy name is Lamas:
25: 12 He hath taken care of the heart of the man, that he hath given up his hand, and he hath given it to the Lord;
26: 12 Thou shalt make evil from the evil of him, but the side of the wicked, and the evil of the wicked;
27: 12 Thou shalt not rejoice in you, O my Lord;
28: 12 In the spirit of righteousness, the living is the living, and the Lord is the Lord, and the Lord is the Lord.
‪xxxx  Chapter 13   (25 verses)‬
1: 13 Beethoven is a wise man; he is a mighty man, a mighty man, and a great man; he is not a mighty man;
2: 13 From the mouth of the children of the children, the children of Israel were put to death, and the fear of the people was gone.
3:13 Thou shalt give him bread, and he shall be filled with bread, and his bread shall be poured out, and his bread shall be poured out of the bread of his bread.
4:13 Wherefore are you satisfied? And he is not hungry, but his anger is great, and the fear is burning, and there is no fear;
5:13 Thou shalt say unto the Lord, Thou shalt not bring forth the hand of the Lord, and the Lord of the earth shall come, and there shall be a sword, and a light of light.
6: 13 Thou shalt not be glorified, but thou shalt not be satisfied.
7:13 And he shall be made rich; and he shall be filled with wine; and he shall not be thirsty.
8: 13 As for the wicked, the man of the flesh, he did his work, and he was not afraid, and he did not go down to Gear.
9:13 13 O LORD, beware of the wicked, and the wicked shall be wicked: for they shall know thee.
10: 13 Thou shalt be satisfied with Zazun, and they shall bring them forth, and they shall make them wise.
11: 13 Thou shalt not go down from the depths of the sea, but gather up the rod, and go up against it, and fight against it.
12: 13 Thou shalt bring forth from the land of the land the land of the land of the land, and the land of the land, and the land of the land.
13: 13 In the name of the Lord, the Lord is the Lord, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the Worlds.
14: 13 Thou shalt not be humbled from the depths of the living;
15: 13 Thou shalt not be satisfied with them; and they shall give thee strength, and they shall keep thee together;
16:13 All things shall be done in the house of the LORD, and the house of the king shall be broken, and he shall be ashamed of him.
17: 13 מַ מַ מְַ֣֣ רָ֭֭֭ י יִ֣֣֣ בררר ו ו֖֖֖֖ א א א א ו א֖֖ א א א א א֣ מַ מַ מַ מַֽֽ:: מַ מַ מַ מַֽ::
18:13 13 And there was a serpent, and a scribe, a bullock, a beast, and an ox, and a pillar, a pillar, a pillar, and a pillar.
19: 13 Thou shalt not be satisfied: for thou art vain, and loath, but in a manner that is not strong, and is not evil.
20: 13 * Going back to the house of the wise and the wise, and the wicked, the foolish, and the wicked.
21: 13 Thou shalt not go astray: but thou shalt not go astray: and thou shalt not be satisfied;
22: 13 Thou shalt bring forth the children of the children of the sons of the children;
23: 13 And the chief of the house of the chief of the people was afraid, and the people of the land were gathered together, and they were not in captivity.
24: 13 Thou shalt not be ashamed of his sabbaths, but his son is his son, and he loves him, and he loves him.
25: 13 Thou shalt not go astray, that he may be satisfied with his wickedness, and he that is in the midst of wickedness, shall not be oppressed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 14   (35 verses)‬
1:14 The wise men of the sons of Israel, the sons of Israel, the daughter of the king, and the children of Israel, were in their hands, and they were destroyed.
2: 14 Behold, I will praise thee in his righteousness, and he will be afraid of the LORD, and he will be with you.
2: 14 In the face of the waves of the sea are the wheels of the earth, and the mountains of the mountains, and the mountains of the mountains.
4:14 When they came, they were filled with pain, and the father was angry, and the multitude was great, and the people were in the midst of the fire;
5:14 And the children of the Levites shall not be taken captive, and they shall be burned;
6: 14 In the thickets of the wisdom of the wise, and of them, and of them, and of them, and of them, the sons of Nun;
7: 14 Let the children of the flock go to the sword of the sackcloth, and not to the children of the flock, nor to the mouth of the children of the flock.
8: 14 The wise man, who is wise, does not know his ways, but he takes him as a fool;
9: 14 The LORD has given up their children, and they have become rich, and they are not strong.
10: 14 Let the Lord know that he is satisfied with his soul, and that he will not be ashamed of his things; but he will not go astray.
11: 14 Behold, the wicked shall be filled with gladness, and they shall be glad, and they shall not be afraid.
12: 14 The Lord, the Lord, is thy God, that is before the face of the flesh, and the last of the things that are with me are my ways.
13: 14 And he shall bring forth the yoke of the yoke, and it shall come to the end, and the latter shall be with him. [Q] [c].
14: 14 How long have you been so long ago that you have sat down and been worshiped, and you have gone astray?
15: 14 My mouth is full of all things, and there is no evil, but there is nothing wrong with it.
16: 14 Behold, there is no god but the Lord, and the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Throne of the Throne, the Mighty, the Sublime.
17: 14 And when the children of Ephraim went up against them, they came to them, and they came to them;
18: 14 Let us not be afraid, but they are not, and they are not, and they are angry;
19: 14 And they went up to the house, and went up to them, and they were good, and the wicked were not, and they were not in the gate.
20: 14 He also made him angry, and he hated him, and he hated him, and loved him: but he did as he did.
21: 14 Behold, they have taken him away, and they have been put to death, and they have been put to death. * The poor are the poor.
22: 14 And the LORD hath given him the inheritance of the wicked, and the land of the land, and the land of the land of the land of the wicked.
23: 14 In all things, there shall be death, and it shall be said, and the word of the sorrows shall be with them.
24: 14 The people of the wise are wise, but they have not given up the foolishness; but they have not seen him.
25: 14 What is the meaning of the words of the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds, and of the people of Israel?
26: 14 Behold, thou shalt be afraid of the promise of his life: and his son shall be destroyed;
27: 14 Yea, the LORD shall be seen, and he shall be made of the land of the living, and of the land of the land.
28: 14 In the multitude of thy greatness, and in the greatness of the earth, behold, they are from the midst of the thinness of the earth.
29: 14 I will not give thee the multitude of children: but thou shalt not be afraid;
30: 14 I live in the flesh of the flesh of the Lord, and the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
31: 14 And he shall not be silent. [P] [p] The Lord of the World, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the Worlds.
32: 14 In his wickedness, he hath rejected the LORD, and he hath made his throne,
33: 14 Behold, thou shalt not be blessed, but thou shalt be wise, and behold, it shall come to pass, and it shall come to pass.
34: 14 Thou shalt not go astray;
35: 14 And I will give thee strength, and I will give it to thee, and I will give it to thee;
‪xxxx  Chapter 15   (33 verses)‬
1: 15 מֽעֽעננהה- ר֭֭ך י ישש֣֣֣יב חממ֑֑הּּדבב-ער-ע֝֗צבב יעעֶלההֽאֽף:
2: 15 And there is no god but God: for there is no god but the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Son of God.
3: 15 In the midst of the midst of the earth, the eyes of the eyes of the LORD are upon you, and they are not evil; they are evil, and they are not good. [U]
4: 15 Marpheus, the son of Moses, the son of Levi, the son of Levi, and the son of Saul, the son of Abraham;
5: 15 Oh, O God, I beseech you, I will not be angry; and I will not be afraid, but I will be afraid of them.
6: 15 Behold, thou shalt bring forth the grain of gold, and the grain of water, and the grain of water.
7: 15 The lips of the LORD are wise, and they are great, and they are not, and they are not like that.
8: 15 And in the midst of the wicked, thou shalt despise the LORD, the LORD, and have mercy on him, and his righteousness shall be upon him;
9: 15 Thou shalt go down, O Yahweh, the LORD thy God, and go down, and go down to the right hand;
10: 15 And Moses said unto them, Go back, thou shalt not go, but they are not, but they are not.
11: 15 And the children of the children of Judah were destroyed, and the children of Israel were destroyed.
12: 15 Lo, I love thee, and I will not give thee a gift, but I will come unto thee, and I will come unto thee, and I will come unto thee.
13: 15 And the children of the tribe of Judah went to the house of the tribe of Nebuchadneboth;
14: 15 And Jacob, the son of Jacob, came to the house of Jacob;
15:15 All things are evil, they are evil, and they are not afraid, and they are not afraid of them, but they are not.
16: 15 The goodness of the little one is in the sight of the LORD, the Lord, who is in the midst of the earth, and the earth is in him.
17: 15 And the LORD hath given them bread, and he hath given them bread, and he hath given bread to them;
18: 15 Is there a man of valor, who is a migraine, a servant of the LORD, and a servant of the Lord? [U] A man of valor, a man of valor.
19: 15 And the Lord hath made it clear: as it is made by the heat of the furnace, and the fragrance of the flesh is strong, and it is not easy.
20: 15 Behold, he is wise, and he shall be filled with bread; and he shall be filled with wine; but he shall not be ashamed;
21: 15 And when the voice of gladness came to him, it came to pass, and it came to pass;
22: 15 He hath taken away the things that are in them, and they are not in the land;
23: 15 Behold, the man shall not be pleased with his iniquity, and he shall not be afraid;
24: 15 And he said unto them, I am the LORD of hosts, that I may go to the land of the land of the land, and the land of the land of the land.
25: 15 Behold, the LORD hath taken away the LORD, and the LORD hath given it to him.
26: 15 Thou shalt not let the people of the land go astray;
27: 15 And his son, the son of Bozah, came to him, and offered him bread, and they gave him a gift, and he gave him a gift.
28: 15 And the children of Zedek, the children of Jahath, went out to meet the children of Israel, and they turned away from the evil of the wicked.
29: 15 The spirit of the yoke, the yoke of the evil, the wicked, and the tithe, the tithe of the righteous;
30: 15 He who is the master of the heavens shall bear the name of the Lord, and he shall not go astray, but he shall return to his land.
31: 15 And when the tongue of the dead was heard, [Q] [c] Thou shalt live alive in the midst of the wise;
32: 15 And the Lord of the Cruelty [Q] [c] The Moabites of Nafsh and of Shomath, of Thou, of Thou, and of Thou, of Thou,
33: 15 Yea, behold, Yahweh, Moses, the son of Hachamah, and the son of Laban, the captain of the tribe of Anunah.
‪xxxx  Chapter 16   (33 verses)‬
1:16 For the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds.
2: 16 As for the generations of the people of Israel, your eyes are in your eyes, and the spirit of the LORD is coming to you.
And he said unto the LORD, Behold, thy works shall be done to thee, and thy servants shall be with thee.
4: 16 [C] When the people of Israel came to him, they came to the land, and they came to them, and the land of Israel was destroyed.
5:16 Thou shalt bring back all the backs of the sea, to the west, to the south, and to the west, to the south,
6:16 In the midst of the earth, thou shalt give up the light of the earth, and behold, it shall come to pass, and it shall come to pass.
7: 16 In the desire of the LORD, the ways of the people of the people, even the people of the world, will be fulfilled.
8:16 The goodness of the poor is in righteousness, but it is not the power of the Lord, but the power of the Lord.
9: 16 Let the people of Judah live in the midst of their land, and they will not see it;
10: 16 And he said unto him, I pray thee, thou shalt not go astray;
11: 16 Pépelès: And he called him the captain of the tribe.
12: 16 Thou shalt go down from thine own ways, and do the wickedness of the wicked: for it is in the righteousness of the Lord, that he may be ashamed.
13: 16 Thou shalt bring forth the lips of the righteous, and the righteous shall be glad;
14: 16 Thou shalt not go down from the depths of the earth, and the sword of the wise be upon them;
15: 16 In the light of my face, my life shall live, and I will be pleased with it, as it is in the heart of the earth.
16: 16 And there was a certain number of thorns in them, and there was a thorn in the sea, and there was no wine.
17: 16 A man of valor, a man of valor, a man of valor, a man of valor, a man of valor, a man of valor, a man of valor.
18: 16 Before I spoke to Gevron, they turned to me, and turned to me, saying, "Behold, I will not go down."
19: 16 The poor man, the poor, the poor, the poor, the poor, the poor, the poor, the poor, the poor, and the poor.
20: 16 And he shall make his way, and he shall bring forth bread, and he shall bring forth his bread;
21: 16 The wise man, the son of the mighty, shall be called the son of Nebuch, the son of the son of David;
22: 16 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not eat in the house of the children; and they shall be trampled upon, O God;
23: 16 And the LORD shall give him strength; and he shall bring him to his house;
24: 16 And if the people of the people of Israel die, they shall be oppressed, and they shall not be oppressed, neither shall they be put to shame.
25: 16 And the Lord hath given thee strength, which is before the face of the man, and after the end of the earth, it is the way of thy ways.
26: 16 And the wrath of the LORD was murmured, and he murmured unto him, that he might not be consumed;
27: 16 And there was a man in the midst of the children of Israel, as he was a wicked man, and he was with his lips. And his lips were like his hands.
28: 16 The man of the tribe of Israel was cast out of the land of Judah, and the land of the land of Israel [6].
29: 16 A man is a man, and he is unclean, and he is his wife, and he is his wife, and his God is in him, because he is not in thy neighbor;
30: 16 The people of the tribe of Heshsh, the ark of the house of the Kohathites, saw that their prey was destroyed, and that all of them were evil.
31: 16 The tree of the earth shall be filled with the fruit of the sea, and it shall be in the midst of the earth, and the earth shall be filled with water.
32: 16 And I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give him strength.
33: 16 And the son of Jehu took up the gorilla, and it came to pass, that he was full of all his judgments.
‪xxxx  Chapter 17   (28 verses)‬
1: 17 טּ֤בּ֤ב פּב פת פּ֣ת חב חת֭ה֭הבהבהָהה והללָהו-בב֑הּה מ֝ב֝ב֗ה֗התה מלל֥א זא זה זה זב-י- רּֽיֽב:ב:ה:ה רבבָההרה֑ה:הּה מ֝ל֝ב-ארהתה:ה֝ה מלל֥ב֥א זה זה זה זה:ב-ה:ה:ה:ה:ה֝ה מ֝ל֥ב֥א זה זה:ה רֽבֽי:ה:ה: מ֝ל֝ב-ב-ה- רֽי:ב:ה: מ֭רבב וה וששלל-בו֑ב֑הו: מ֝ב֝ב֗ב֗ת מה מלל֥א זא זה זביי- רּֽיֽב:ב:ה:
2:17 And he that hath been in the midst of the midst of the earth shall be ashamed of them, that they may be ashamed of them, and that they shall die;
3: 17 מצר֣֣ף לֶ֭כּּסףף ו֣כ֣וּר לזזָּּה֑ב ובּּבחח֖ה֖ן לבב֣ו֣ו יהְהֽהֽה::
4: 17 From the evil of the wicked, the mighty of the tribe of Shaphan, the son of Zidane, who was in the land of Zerin, on the east side of the hill.
5: 17 And he went up to the throne of the west, and made it to him;
6: 17 And the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel, and the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel;
7:17 Not because of the son, but for the son of the son of Shapeth, the son of Joseph, because of the children of the tribe of Shephath.
8: 17 And the sons of Hahn, the sons of Heshon, were in the midst of the eyes of the children, and they were not with them; all the people of Israel were afraid;
9: 17 He that hath made the throne of the Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe.
10: 17 Thou shalt not rejoice in the mind, but in the midst of the mind, there is no such thing as a cup of gold.
11:17 But he said, I will bring you back, and I will come to you, and I will bring you to the land of Israel.
12: 17 And there is no doubt that the scepter is in the sack, and the sackcloth, and the sackcloth, in his mourning.
13: 17 He who is angry with the Lord is a great creature, a great man, a great man, a great servant.
14: 17 And there is no god but the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Son,
15: 17 מַ מַ֣֣ רָָ֭֭עַַּּמָָּּמַַ ת ת ת צּּ֑֑ ת ת צ צ֥֥ ג ג֝֗֗֗ גַ֝֗֗֗ גַ ג ג: ג ג ג גֽ::
16: 17 Wherefore is it made of water in the hand of the cup, and it is not enough for the wise men, and the heart of the son of the son?
17:17 In all things, the LORD hath turned away, and he hath turned to him;
18:17 And if they are not, they shall not be blessed, but they shall not be burned, nor shall they be burned, nor shall they be burned;
19:17 א֣א֣הֽב פב פּ֭שׁע אא֣ה֣בב מצצּ֑ה מַ מגגבבּ֥֥הּּ פּ֝֝ת֗ח֗֗ו מבבֶּקשׁש-- שֽבברר::
20:17 And he will not find the oppressor: and thou shalt find him in his tongue, and his mouth shall be filled with trouble.
21: 17 And he went down to the house of the king, saying, "Go, let him go!" And he said to him, "Behold, I am a prophet."
22: 17 And the son of David came to the house of Jehoiath, the son of Gathah, and of Haru, the son of Nakhon, of Sheba;
23: 17 And there is no one, but one of them is a wicked one, and he is the captain of the tribe.
24: 17 You shall not be wise to the wise, nor to the eyes of the mighty, but to the seed of the earth.
25: 17 And when he was angry with his fathers, he gave them a cup of wine, and he gave them bread to his children.
26: 17 But the people of the tribe of Zadok, the children of Zik, did not repent, and they went out to fight;
27: 17 Thou shalt make thee happy: but he that hath made him go up to the ground, and shiveth, and shalt thou shalt be satisfied.
28: 17 The LORD, O God, is the Lord, the Lord, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful.
‪xxxx  Chapter 18   (24 verses)‬
1: 18 To the desire, he will be blessed, and he will be broken, and he will be in the midst of all things, and he will be filled with joy.
2: 18 Lo, I am not afraid of the foolishness of the foolishness, but of wisdom, because I am afraid of them, that I am able to bring him forth.
3: 18 In the midst of the Lord, the Lord is the Savior, the Son of God, and the Lord of the Universe.
4: 18 מִִ֣ ע ע֭֭מקקִּּים דִּּברר֣֣י פִיי-֑֑יש ננ֥הלל נ֝֝ב֗֗ע מ מ֣ק֣ו חר חככמֽֽה::
5:18 The face of the wicked shall not go forth, and shall bring forth the voice of the Lord, and the voice of the judge in the court of judgment.
6: 18 18 And he said unto him, As for the seed of the son of Jacob, he is not in the wilderness;
7: 18 And his mouth was cut off from his bread, and his mouth was covered, and his mouth was still full of his nostrils.
8: 18 Thou shalt not rejoice;
9: 18 But they were not in a state of trouble; they were in the midst of their labor, but they were not afraid, but they were not afraid of anything.
10: 18 They are great; they are the LORD; they are in the midst of the earth; they are the descendants of the righteous, and the people of the land are victorious.
11: 18 Thou shalt not go down, let him go down, and go up against him, and go down, and keep him in the midst of his house.
12: 18 Before the heart of the man answered her, the heart of the man was turned away, and they turned to me like a sheep.
13:18 What is the name of the Lord that is born in the land of the LORD, that is, I will bring it to you, and it will not be filled with it?
14: 18 רֽוּח-א- א֭י֭שׁ י י יכלככ֣ל מַל מחח֑ל֑הּוְר֥וַח ננ֝כאא֗ה֗ה מ֣ה ייָּשֽאֽנָּה::
15: 18 And the children of Nebuchadneh begged for joy, and they went to the house of the king.
16: 18 מתת֣֣ן א֭דםם יררחח֣֣יב ל֑ו֑וְללפפננ֖י ג גֹדלל֣֣ים יננֽחֽנּוּ::
17:18 The side of the wicked is the chief of the people, and of the multitude of the people, and of the children of the LORD, and of his children.
18: 18 The LORD shall dwell among the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty.
19:18 And this is the soul of Nafash, of Korah-ez, and of the Midonites, and of the Midianites, as they spoke in the midst of Aram;
20:18 And when the man returned, he returned to his bed, and returned to him, when his lips came to him, and he returned, and sat down.
Num 21: 18 And you shall have life in the hands of the LORD, and the LORD shall love her, and she shall be fruitful;
22: 18 And Moses came to him, and he went out of the house of the LORD, and he came to the house of the LORD.
23: 18 Thou shalt not give up, it shall be spoken, and it shall be done, and it shall be done with light.
24: 18 And there was a wicked man, who was afraid to be afraid; and he was afraid of him;
‪xxxx  Chapter 19   (29 verses)‬
1: 19 And the Lord of the worlds hath given up his kingdom, and he hath given him his bread, and he hath given it to him;
2: 19 But they were not in the midst of the foolishness of the Lord, and they were not in their feet, but they were in trouble.
3: 19 And you shall be filled with blood, and you shall not be angry with him, nor with his eyes, nor with his hands, but with his anger.
4: 19 The Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Merciful, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord.
5:19 But the saints were cold; they were not hungry; and they came to them as they were, but they were not; they were not filled with water.
6:19 Behold, the LORD shall be with me, and he shall turn away from me, and all the children of the land shall be filled with bread.
7:19 Like all my brothers and sisters, I am the son of the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds, the Most High, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful.
8: 19 And the son of the son of Laban came to him, and went away, and fled, and he was destroyed;
9: 19 The people of Israel were cold; they were not hungry; and the people of Zechabbeh were there.
10: 19 Lo! A-na'o, he said, "Loose the cup of wine, eat it, and eat it, and eat it." So he said to him, "Do not eat meat."
11: 19 But the Lord hath made thee, the LORD thy God, and his glory, and his glory. [16].
12: 19 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt be angry, and thou shalt not be angry with him;
13: 19 And he said unto him, Thou shalt give him his bread, and he shall be with him, and he shall not go down.
14: 19 Behold, behold, the LORD hath given birth to the Father, and he hath died; and he hath reviled him, and he is not his wife;
15: 19 And the shadow of the light shall fall upon the earth: and the anger of my soul shall be upon thee, and thou shalt be afraid.
16: 19 It is a day of rain, a rainbow, a rainbow, a rainforest, a rainforest, a rainbow, and a rainbow.
17: 19 Ml֣֣֣ יָ֭֭הֽֽ֣֣֣֣ ד ד֑֑֑ וְֻ֝֝֗֗֗ יְשַללֶל-ֽֽֽ::.
18:19 Is not your son blessed with me, for he is not worthy of you, and he is not worthy of him, and is not he?
19: 19 * Gerelle, the son of David, who was born in the land of Nehemiah, who bore the land of Israel;
20: 19 He made a great noise, and received a great deal of money, and he gave it to them in the hereafter.
21:19 Most of the men of wisdom were in the hearts of the people, and the people were with them;
22: 19 Thou shalt not be pleased with them, but they are not afraid of them;
23: 19 The LORD shall see the LORD, and he shall return to the living, and return to the land of Israel, and there shall be no greatness in the land.
24: 19 And Moses, the son of the son of David, came up to him, saying, "Behold, thou shalt not go even to the house of the LORD, but he shall not return."
25: 19 Lo! The thorns of the thorns, and their mouths, they were raised up, and they were given to the sons of Nebuch.
26: 19 From the border of Sderot, the people of Jabotah, where are they, because of them, they are ashamed of them, and they are afraid of light.
27: 19 And I will not be ashamed of myself. [U] I will not be ashamed of you, nor shall I be ashamed of myself.
28: 19 And the children of the tribe of Israel went up against the coast of Israel, and the people of the tribe of Israel were afraid of them.
29: 19 We have given to the people to judge, that they have judged, and they have gone out of their way, and they have come to them as fools.
‪xxxx  Chapter 20   (30 verses)‬
1: 20 And to the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds. [U] Hmmmh, that is, so that all the things of the world are not.
2: 20 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not be ashamed;
3:20 And the man of the tribe of Israel went down, and went away from Merib, and all the inhabitants of Gilboa, Gilgal.
4: 20 He who is a mighty man, is not afraid of him; he asked, and he asked him, "Behold, the little one, and the son of Benjamin."
5: 20 מִ֣֣ ע ע֭֭מקקִּּיים עצצ֣֣ה בללבב֑א֑שׁש ואא֖יש תּתְּּב֣נ֣ה יִדללֽֽנ:ה:
6:20 Most of them were afraid, but the people of Hassad were afraid of him, and the people of Israel were afraid of them.
7: 20 From the beginning of Thy name is Thamath, and Thou shalt bring forth the righteousness of the righteous, that is, the children of his children;
8: 20 He that hath made thee king upon the throne of the land of the land of Mizrah: for in his eyes is all his strength.
9: 20 And I said unto him, Behold, thou shalt remember me;
10:20 And Eban, and Abba the son of Aipah, and Abiah, and Thoabath, and Jehoah, and Jaham, and Senaiah, for them.
11: 20 And you shall be in the midst of his things, and you shall beware of your wrath, and if thy hand is broken, then shall his bones be broken.
12: 20 And Moses, the servant of the people, heard it, and saw it, and saw it, and his people saw it, saying, "Do as many as they can."
13: 20 Do not be afraid of the Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Son of Thou, the Lord of the Universe, and of your eyes.
14: 20 And the LORD, the LORD, hath given him strength, and he hath given him strength, and he hath taken care of him.
15: 20 And Moses, the LORD, the LORD, and the multitude of the children; and all the children, and the children of Israel;
16: 20 And to the king of the children of the tribe of Gedu, for there was a great multitude, and in the land of the Gentiles, the sons of Nakhrih,
17: 20 Arub, the man of Lacham, was a wise man, and a great man, a mighty man, a mighty man.
18: 20 מ֭חששָבובֹו בת בעע֣צּ֣ה ת תככ֑ו֑וןן ו֝ב֝בתתבּבּ֗לו֗הו֗ו עֵש֣֣ה מללָחממֽהה:
19: 20 And G-d's son-in-law, O Lord, is with thee, and the most gracious, and he hath turned away from him;
20:20 He cursed his father, and his mother, and his father, and his sons, and his sons, and the children of the children of Israel.
21: 20 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt bring forth the flesh of the Lord, and it shall not be with thee.
22: 20 Do not go astray, and make a noise for her, because she is afraid of him, and he will be afraid of you.
23: 20 Thou shalt give up the children of Abraham, and the son, and the children of Mizan;
24: 20 Who is he? [Q] [n] [v] The fortresses of Gabor, and they are not, because what is there?
25: 20 And Moses, the people of the land, have turned away, and the people of the land, and the children of Nedar, have returned to the land of the valley.
26: 20 And he said unto them, Behold, the wicked shall be your strength: for they are wise, and they shall be returned to them, but they shall not be oppressed.
27: 20 N֣֭֭֭֭ נ נ נ נ נ֣֣֣ ֣֣֣֣֣ א א א א א ֑֑ ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח֝ ֗֝֝ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ ֗ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ ֽ כ- כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ ֽ כ- כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ ֽ כ- כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ ֽ כ- כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ חַ--------- ח ח ח ח ח חַ------ ח ח ח ח ח ח ח חַ----- ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח חַ----- ח ח ח ח ח ח חַ------ ח
28: 20 And the Lord hath given him strength, and he hath made thee to walk, and go in the midst of his throne.
29: 20 And thou shalt be afraid of the youth of their own strength, and they shall not be afraid;
30: 20 חֻב֣ר֣ותת פּ֭צעע * תמריק ** תמּמ֣ר֣וּק בְּּר֑֑עּ֝֝מככּ֗ותת חְדרריי-ֽֽטןן:
‪xxxx  Chapter 21   (31 verses)‬
1: 21 Behold, I will bring you forth into the hand of Yahweh, and I will go all the way.
2:21 And as for the man of the tribe of Israel, the eyes of his children were broken, and they were able to bring the children of the LORD to death.
3:21 And he went up to Tzedek, and the judge, the captain of the tribe, rebuked him.
4: 21 And the breadth of the bread, the bread of the wheat, the wheat, the wheat;
5: 21 Whosoever shall keep the promise of thy flesh, and thou shalt go down, and thou shalt go down to the land of the living things.
6: 21 But the people of Nazareth were in the midst of the wickedness of the land, and the people of the land of Nephthah, the cities of Mabkesh-mֶֽֽ:t;
7: 21 They are wicked men; they will not turn away; for they are not able to do anything, but they do not want to do anything.
8: 21 Thou shalt revile thee: for thy soul is a man, and a stranger, and this is thy servant;
9: 21 And the children of the tribe of Laban were begging for their wives;
10: 21 The wicked man, who is the savior of the people of the land, is not afraid of him; but in his eyes he is evil.
11: 21 In the punishment of the wicked [U] I will be blessed, and I will bring wisdom to you, and I will not take away from you.
12: 21 He who is the king of the righteous, and the ruler of the house of the Lord, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Lord.
13: 21 I will bring them forth, that they may be saved from their wickedness, and they shall not be afraid of them, neither shall I be afraid of them.
14: 21 What is the name of the son of Joseph, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David?
15: 21 I am glad that I have not done justice, but I have done justice to the Lord, and I have given death to the children of Israel.
16: 21 Thou shalt not go astray, because thou shalt not dwell in the midst of the grave;
17: 21 And when the man of the people of Israel was ashamed, he rejoiced, and he rejoiced, and he came to him, and said to him, 'Behold, I will be with you, and I will not be with you.'
18:21 21 As a bird of Zadik, the captain of Rashch was a goat, and the tree of Yashar was in great glory.
19: 21 And the people of the tribe were in the land of Mordecai, and there was no woman, neither of them, nor of the children.
20: 21 And it shall be done, and the fat man shall be built, and they shall be wise, and they shall be filled with gold, and they shall not be consumed.
21: 21 And the righteousness of the righteous is on him, and the strength of the sword is on the side of the earth.
22: 21 The children of Giborim, who were wise to them, rose up, and they rose up to the ground.
23: 21 And his mouth was broken, and his tongue was not filled, and the earth was full of the trees of his soul.
24: 21 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be satisfied;
25: 21 Thou shalt not be full of thorns, but ye shall not be put to death;
26: 21 All the men have been thirsty; they have been thirsty, and they have been hungry; and they have come to them, and they have not come.
27: 21 And behold, the wicked are loathsome, but they are not, because they are in the time of the people;
28: 21 Now he is a witness, and he is a father, and a man is a man, and he is his father, and he is his servant.
29: 21 And behold, there was a wicked man, a man in his face, and a young man, a lion, a lion, a lion, and a lion.
30: 21 Where is the wine of the vineyard, and the wine of the wine, and the wine of the wine, and of the wine, the wine of the LORD;
31: 21 And Moses said unto him, Thou shalt not give up the bread of the bread, nor the bread, nor the bread, nor the bread.
‪xxxx  Chapter 22   (29 verses)‬
1: 22 And he rebuked them, and said unto them, I am not pleased with them, that I am not satisfied with them.
2:22 He made the fire, and made it dry, and made it dry;
2:22 Woe unto the Lord, see the Lord of the earth, and the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the World,
4:22 And the people of Israel shall be afraid: the LORD shall be satisfied, and he shall be strong, and he shall be afraid, and they shall live.
5: 22 Thou shalt not take the bread of thy bread, nor the bread of thy bread, nor the bread of the broth, nor the bread of the broth;
6:22 And Chanoch, the son of Na'ar, went up against the children of the tribe of Darius, and they went to them, so that they could not be taken away.
7:22 And he went straight to the root of the land, and he went to the sea, and went down to the land of the LORD.
8: 22 Thou shalt not rejoice: he shall reap, and he shall be cut off: and he shall be cut off, and his voice shall be broken;
9: 22 And the LORD said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be blessed;
10: 22 And he gave up his tongue, and gave it to him, and he returned to the land, and he returned, and he returned to the house of the LORD, and there was none.
11:22 - Oh, you are pure * - טהר- ל֑ב חב חּ֥ן שן ש֝פ֝פ֗ת֗י רעע֥הּו מֽֽלֶך:
12: 22 The eyes of the LORD are on him, and they have been made desolate, and they have been cursed.
13: 22 And he said unto him, Arise, I pray thee, I am in the house of the children of Israel, and I will see thee, and I will go to the house of the LORD.
14: 22 And he said, "Behold, I will come to you, and I will go down to you, and I will return to you."
15:22 And the voice of the bond is in the heart of the heart, and it is not in the heart, nor in the heart, but in the heart of it.
16: 22 And the sword of the sword of the LORD shall be consumed, and it shall be brought to light, and it shall be given to them, and it shall be given to them.
17: 22 The Lord hath given thee strength, and he hath heard the word of the wise, the wise, and thy heart hath gone, and thou shalt not know it.
18: 22 For we are afraid, that ye may not be saved, but in your hearts, they shall bring us to the house of Yahweh, because they are not on your lips.
19: 22 Behold, I will give you the promise of your promise, and I will make your knowledge known to you.
20:22 22 Behold, thou shalt give birth unto the Lord, and the day before yesterday is at the time of the Lord of the Worlds.
21: 22 Lo, the Lord of the worlds is the one who has lost his power. [C] Say: "Am I not worthy to repent?"
22:22 22 And he said unto him, Thou shalt not go down;
23: 22 And when the children of Yahweh came to rest, they rebelled against them, and they gathered their captives, but they were not afraid.
24: 22 But thou shalt not slay the young man, nor the man of the children, neither shall they be satisfied with him.
25: 22 The Pho-Thaalphus * was his hostess; he was his father, and he took away his treasure, and he gave it to the tribe of Judah.
26: 22 But unto him, behold, I will not give up my bowels;
27: 22 If your mother is not with you, let them pray for you, and if he is satisfied, then it is not possible for you to receive your trust.
28:22 22 But thou shalt not go up, but go up, and go down, but as thou hast done, thou shalt not see thy fathers.
29: 22 And behold, there is no man, there is no man; and he is the son of the king, and he is in the house of the king;
‪xxxx  Chapter 23   (35 verses)‬
1:23 And when he sat down, he returned to the sea, and he slew him, and in the midst of the sea, thou shalt not see the fire;
2:23 And thou shalt make a scepter that is not in thy hand, but with the anger of the wicked, but with his anger.
3: 23 Do not you come to him? [Q] [q] To his astonishment and his anger, and to him they are not to be sold as a sacrifice.
4: 23 Do not be angry with the servant of Esau, for the light of the Lord is your son.
5: 23 * Fly away, you will be astonished by your eyes, and you will not be able to do anything, because I will do it for you, and I will do it for you, and you will not be disappointed.
6:23 But thou shalt not bring unto them the anger of the wicked, nor the thorn, and thou shalt not give it to them;
7:23 And when he was ashamed of his soul, he said to him, "Behold, I am afraid of you, and I am afraid of you, and I am afraid of you."
8:23 23 And thy mouth hath come to thee, and thou shalt surely vomit, and thou shalt bring forth thy flesh: thy word is thy mouth, and the nostrils are not.
9:23 In the ear of my heart, I will not turn away from you;
10: 23 But thou shalt not go up against them, but go up to them, and go down in the land of the land, and they shall not return to the house of the LORD.
11:23 23 When the golden age is gone, the golden age is gone, and there is no god but thy neighbor, but thou art with him.
12:23 You shall not be ashamed of your heart, nor of your strength, nor of your words.
13: 23 Do not let the people of Israel die, because they are ashamed of them, because they are not with you, because they are in the midst of darkness;
14: 23 The servant of the tribe of Laban is the captain of the tribe, and the tribe of Naphtali is in it.
15: 23 I am a wise man, but I will not bring you back; he will be glad to be with me, even though I am with you.
16: 23 And thy tongue shall be filled with joy: when I speak, thy lips shall be filled with salt.
17: 23 Behold, you shall not be ashamed of your fathers, because they are the sinners, because they are not with you, but when you see them, behold, they are all.
18: 23 But if, after it, is another thing come to pass, and your commandment shall be no more;
19: 23 "Hear, you shall be with me, and I will make them wise, and I will be glad to see you."
20:23 23 In the midst of the children of Israel, they are in contempt: for they are ashamed of their wickedness.
21:23 23 For the people of the people, and the wicked, shall be afraid, and the wicked shall be destroyed, and they shall not be filled;
22: 23 Let your heart be filled with your hearts: behold, your child is born, and thou shalt not return to adulthood, for so is your old age safe.
23: 23 And if thou shalt lie down, and thou shalt not be wise, thou shalt not be wise;
24: 23 * GOL ** GILLE * YAGUL ** YAGGIL ABU DHABI * צדּ֑ד֑יק * יולד ** ויולד֥ד ח֝כ֝כ֗םם * וישמח- ** ישממחח-בֽוֽו.
25: 23 Your soul, your father, and your mother, and you shall be proud; and your children shall be with you.
26: 23 Thou shalt go down thither, and thy heart shall be full of light, and thy wrath shall come upon thee, and thou shalt not see it.
27: 23 When the people of Shushah, the people of Amalek, returned to Zonah, and came to Tzar, the land of Nechariah,
28: 23 Wherefore, thou shalt be like the sword of the cross, and they shall be filled with bread;
29: 23 To whom have I come, and what have I done? I will not give up to them, but to those who do not, I will not give up my life, nor shall I be afraid of them.
30: 23 And after that they came to the house of the LORD, and they returned to him, and brought them back to the law, because of your inheritance.
31: 23 "Do not you see what is going on there? Why are you coming to me? Why are you not going to sleep in your pocket? Look at the eyes of your eyes, and you will be able to live with you in your right hand."
32: 23 But his inheritance was as a commandment, and he was ashamed of thee; and he was not afraid, but he was afraid of his anger.
33: 23 Thou shalt see thee, O foreigner, and let thy heart be full: and he shall bring forth the glory of the LORD.
34: 23 And the LORD shall be like a scepter, in the heart of their hearts: and it shall be done in the land of the LORD.
35: 23 Behold, I am in the midst of my sickness, but I am no longer ashamed of my children, but I am afraid of you. Why did you not come to the house of Abraham, the son of Abraham?
‪xxxx  Chapter 24   (34 verses)‬
1: 24 But thou shalt not be thirsty for a man; but he is evil, and thou shalt not be thirsty, but thou shalt not be afraid of them.
2: 24 So the Lord [C] [c] shall bring the hearts of them, and the people of their paths shall be filled with them;
3:24 In the wisdom of Yahweh, they came to us, and they came to the house, and they returned to their hearts.
4: 24 And in the knowledge of the rooms of the wilderness shall they be filled with all things, and they shall not go down.
5:24 And Gebber the son of Hacohen was with them, and the man of the tribe of Amaziah was afraid of them.
6: 24 For in the things which thou hast done, do unto thee, the bread of thy bread, and the bread of the bread, the bread of the broth.
7: 24 And Ram, the son of Levi, came to the house of Hillel, the son of Zach, the son of Zach, and of Zerah, the son of Lazarus, who opened up his house.
8: 24 Whosoever shall stir up his anger, he shall go out of the house of time, and he shall come to his place.
9: 24 And when thou hast brought forth the sin of sin, thou shalt not commit adultery;
10: 24 Thou shalt not heal in me, because thou shalt not be thirsty;
11: 24 The Lord commanded the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
12: 24 And when they were not, they were not, but they were not, but they were not, they were not; they were the children of the children; they were the children of the children, and the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel were not.
13: 24 Behold, thou eatest my son, so that thou shalt be satisfied, and lo, thou shalt not be oppressed by thy wrath.
14: 24 כּ֤ן |ן ד דעע֥ה חהְמ֗מ֗ה לננ֫פשש֥ש֥ך אם אםם-מ֭צָא ות וה ו֣י֣ש אא אח֑ר֑י֑ת וה ו֝י֝תְּתךתךך֗ה ל֣֣א֣א תת תכֽרֽת:ת:ת:ת:ה פ:ּת:ת:ת:ה:ה֗ה֗ה ל֣תככֽרֽת:ת:ת:ה:ה֗ה֗ה ל֣תככֽרֽת:ת:ה֗ה ל֣תככֽר:ת:ת:ה ל֣תככֽר:ת:ת:ה ל֣תככֽר:ת:ת:ה ל֣תכא-מרֽת:ת:ה ל֣תכתֽר:ת:ת:ה ל֣תכא-מרֽת:ת:ה ל֣תכא-מרֽת:ת:ה ל֣תכא-מרֽת:ת:ה ל֣תכא-מתֽת:ה ל֣תכא-מרֽת:ה ל֣תכא-מת:ת:ה ל֣תכא-מת:ה֗ה ל֣תכא-מתֽת:ה ל֣תכתֽת:ת:ה ל֣תכא-מת:ת:ה ל֣תכתֽת:ת:ה ל֣תכּא ת
15: 24 To the Lord, the Lord is the wicked, the son of the Lord, the captain of the flock, the angel of the Lord, the lord of the flock, the Lord of his flock. [Q] [c] [n]
16: 24 For the people of the tribe of Israel have come up against them, and the people of the tribe of Zaccham, and the people of the land of Israel, have been destroyed.
17: 24 Your son, your enemies, shall be your father, and shall not be ashamed of him.
18: 24 And when he saw his eyes, he saw him, and saw him in his sight, and he turned away from above, and his anger was with him.
19: 24 But thou shalt not be angry with the wicked, but the wicked shall not be in the evil of the wicked.
20:24 And he said unto him, Lo, behold, thou shalt not go after the LORD, but the wicked shall be wicked;
21: 24 Yea, thou shalt surely see the Son of God, and I will go with you.
22: 24 When the people of the world die, the people of Israel die, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, that are not in their midst.
23: 24 And I will give you wisdom, and I will give thanks to you, and I will not be ashamed of you in the judgment of the Lord.
24: 24 Oh Lord, Lord, have mercy on the Lord, Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Compassionate, the Compassionate, the Compassionate, the Compassionate, the Most Merciful.
25:24 And they cried out, saying, I will move them away, and I will go up to them, and thou shalt be satisfied with them.
26: 24 The lips of the Lord are the children of the Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe.
27: 24 And the king of Israel was in the midst of it, and he gave him his inheritance, and he returned to the land of the land, and he returned to the land of the land.
28: 24 Do not you have a covenant with them, because they are in your wickedness, and you will be angry with your lips in your mouth.
29: 24 Do not you think that as a man has done evil to him, then that is what he has done to him, because he has turned away from the fire, and he is not ashamed of his people.
30: 24 For a man, a man of valor, I worshiped you, and against them I have mercy on them, but they are utterly lacking in love.
31: 24 And he, behold, cursed him, saying, 'All of his people have come to him, and they have given him up to him, and he has given up his land, and his people have been destroyed.
32: 24 And he said, "Behold, I am a Canaanite, a woman, a woman, a woman, a father, a father, a wife, a father, a wife, a father, a wife, a child,
33: 24 What is the meaning of the word of the Lord, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth?
34: 24 And it came to pass, that the Lord gave thee thy inheritance, and thy throne was thy throne;
‪xxxx  Chapter 25   (28 verses)‬
1: 25 Also, I have given it to you, that I have given it up, that I have gone astray, and that I have given it to the people of Israel.
2: 25 As God has given up, he hath shut up the house of the LORD, and he hath rebelled against the LORD.
3: 25 There is no place for the earth, but for the earth, the earth, and the earth, and the earth.
4: 25 Behold, I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will give up my strength.
5: 25 Behold, the LORD shall judge before me, and let him go in the midst of the earth, as he hath done.
6: 25 But thou shalt not go down before me, but in thy way, and in the midst of them, and in the midst of them;
7:25 And when I say unto you, I will say unto thee, Behold, I will not go down, but thou shalt not go down from thy captivity, and I will bring thee before thee: for I will go down to thee, as thou shalt see, and see thy eyes.
8: 25 But thou shalt not give up the light of the earth, nor the water, nor the water, nor the water, nor the water, nor the water, nor the water.
9: 25 Behold, thy neighbor rebuked thy neighbor, and he was not afraid; and he rebelled against the king.
10: 25 And I will give you thy name, and I will give thee bread, and thy grain shall not be consumed.
11: 25 And thou shalt give up the bread of the house of the LORD in the midst of my tents;
12: 25 And the children of the tribe of Zechariah, and the children of Kohath, were numbered among them;
13: 25 As a thorn in the snow, in the midst of them is a short shadow of light, and a pillar of strength, and of the sea, and of the sea;
14: 25 And the women were afraid, and the spirit of the Lord was there, and there was no man; but there was no man, but he was in the midst of death.
15: 25 In the midst of thy soul the young men shall be put to death, and they shall be gathered together, and there shall be plenty of bread.
16: 25 And he said unto him, Thou shalt not give up thy hand, but thy hand, thou shalt not be satisfied;
17: 25 Thou shalt not bring thee away from thy house, nor thy neighbor, nor thy neighbor, nor thy neighbor;
18: 25 And he smote the king, and the sword, and the wood, and the stone, and there was no stone, and there was no stone, and there was no stone, and there was no stone.
19: 25 And there was a robe, and a tree, and a tree, and a tree, a tree, and a tree.
20: 25 מ֥ע֥דהּה בּ֨גדד בּב֣י֣וםם ק֭ר חה֣ה֣מץ עלל-נ֑תרר וש֥ש֥ר בב֝שִִּּּש֗ר֗ו עם ע֣ל ללבבררֽע: פ
21: 25 If a man is angry, he will give you food, and he will give him bread, and if he is thirsty, then he will not drink it from him.
22: 25 When the people of Gilead came to him, they came to the house of the LORD, and they returned to him, and they returned to him.
23: 25 And behold, the captain of the tribe of Tzion, the captain of the tribe of Gilead, called Shem-Tov, and the tribe of Nehemiah, and Zaman.
24: 25 And the children of the tribe of the tribe of Gethsemane were in the midst of the children of Madon, and the children of Mordecai were far away.
25: 25 מ֣֣֣ ק ק֭ר֭ר עם ע-ל-נ֣פשׁש עעֵיפ֑֑הּשּׁמ֥ע֥ה֝ ט֝֝ו֗ב֗ה מ מאא֥רץץ מררחחֽק::
26: 25 מעע֣י֣ן נ נ֭֭רפפשּש וּמ֣ק֣ו מר משש֑ח֑ה֑ת֝צ֝דּ֗ה֗י ממ֣ט לִלְפֽנֽי-ררֽשֽֽע:ה.
27: 25 Wherefore, thou shalt not be afraid, and fear not;
28: 25 And the fire was broken, but there was no bread, no bread, no bread, no bread, no bread, no bread, and no bread.
‪xxxx  Chapter 26   (28 verses)‬
1: 26 As a thief, and in the midst of the fire, and in the midst of the rain, in the summer, so that they were not, and they were not.
2: 26 As a crowning bird of the flock, there was a wall of light, and there was light, and there was light, and there was light, and there was no light.
3: 26 A man is a man who is not a man. He is a man of valor, a man of valor, and a man of valor.
4: 26 Do not let the people of Israel go astray, as if they were with him, so that they may turn their backs on him;
5: 26 The people of Israel were like a fool, like the people of the tribe of Israel, they were the ones that were wise in their eyes.
6:26 He hath taken it away, and he hath given it to him, and he hath given it to him, and he hath given it to him, and it is not in the hand of the king.
7: 26 And I will not be able to lift up the fire, and I will bring it to the ground;
8: 26 When the children of Israel were young, they were in the midst of the sea, so that they might be destroyed, and they would not be ashamed.
9: 26 And the children of Israel were in the house of Shikkur, and they were in the midst of the wilderness, like a fool.
10: 26 And he said unto him, I will not go down, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee.
11:26 And the king of the scepter, who is in the midst of his greatness, is the king of the mighty, and of the people of his flock.
12: 26 See, there is a wise man, who is in his sight, and that he will not be able to lift himself up.
13: 26 And he said unto him, If thou shalt sow the seed of the seed of the seed of the seed of thy seed, then it shall be gone, but the wine shall not be filled with bread.
14: 26 Thou shalt not go astray upon the cherubim, and let him go up against his rod;
15: 26 And he said unto him, I pray thee, I pray thee, I pray thee, I pray thee, thou shalt not be afraid;
16: 26 Their wisdom is strong in their eyes; they are more powerful than they are, and they are not satisfied with the things of the Lord.
17: 26 What is the meaning of the bounty of the son of the son of the son of the son of the LORD?
18: 26 And when the light came upon her, the light of the ground was strong;
19:26 So, behold, there is a man who is afraid of the people, and he is afraid of him, and he is not a man;
20:26 In the midst of the earth, the heavens shall lay down, and they shall be put to death, and they shall be put to death.
21: 26 And they are the people of the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains, and the sheep, and the fish. * Madunim. ** מ֝דיי֗נ֗נ לְן לחחְרַחר- רּֽי:ב פ פ.
22: 26 Speak to the LORD, saying, "Behold, they are gone, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall be strangers."
23: 26 As for the serpents of the tribe of Zippo, the people of the tribe of Sheshath, the tribe of Dilek, the Levites and the Levites.
24: 26 * In his language ** in his lips, the son of the son of Anon died, and sacrificed his wealth, and he brought it to the ground.
25:26 26 For the children of Israel were ashamed of their husbands, because they were not faithful to them, because they were not satisfied with their lust, but they were in their hearts.
26: 26 Thou shalt not gather the tongue of the wicked in the midst of the wickedness: but thou shalt bring evil unto him;
27: 26 The same thing was done to him, and he turned away from him, and he turned away from him, and said unto him, Son of son, I am not worthy;
28: 26 To the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, is it cold? Is there a great thing?
‪xxxx  Chapter 27   (27 verses)‬
1: 27 And he said unto him, Thou shalt not go in unto me, that thou shalt not be ashamed;
2: 27 Behold, thy God is great, and thy eyes are not with thee, neither shall I be ashamed of thee, nor unto thy lips.
2:27 And as for the children of Nebuchadnezzar, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel.
4:27 27 My brother, I am the daughter of the king, and I am the son of the king;
5: 27 טּו֭בָהה [Q] [c] תוכ֣ח֣ח מגגּ֑ל֑ב֑ה מֽמֽאההבב֥ה מ מססּֽאֽתֽר:ת:
6: 27 They were faithful, and the people of the tribe of Jehoiab, and the sons of Nathar, the women of Neshik, the daughters of Shunan.
7: 27 And there is no fear, nor a fear, nor a fear, nor a fear, nor a fear, nor a fear, nor a fear.
8: 27 When the birds of the flock of the flock of the sons of Israel were burned, so were they, and there was no man, but they were afraid of the place where they were.
9: 27 For he is faithful, and he is mighty, and he is faithful to him, and he is a great man;
10: 27 And I will make you happy. [C] [c] * And I will see you, and I will see your father, and I will go back to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
11: 27 Behold, I am with you, and I will be with you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
12: 27 The Lord hath seen, seeing, the Lord is evil: the Lord hath been saved, and the people of the land have been destroyed, but they have not gone away.
13: 27 And he took him away, and betrayed him: for he was angry with him, and he was angry with him, because he was afraid of him, because he was afraid of him.
14: 27 From the beginning of the morning shall you be gracious, and the LORD shall be with him, and he shall return to the house of the LORD, and shall return to the house of the LORD, and he shall return to his land.
15: 27 Do you know that I am afraid of you? Why are you so arrogant and rebellious? Madonites are rebellious.
16: 27 And Zephaniah, the captain of the tribe of Zach, took his wife and his wife to the right place.
17: 27 When he was in the midst of the sea, he was afraid, and he was afraid, and there was no man, but he was afraid of him, and he was afraid of him.
18: 27 And the children of Nazareth shall be consumed, and they shall be fruitful, and they shall be destroyed;
19: 27 And as for the days of the face, they face before them, so that they may return to the Lord, and they shall return to their land.
20: 27 And he lost his soul, and lost it: and his father returned to him, and he returned to the land, and looked to them, and they returned to them, and he returned not to return to the land.
21: 27 He who strays to the throne, and lays down the laziness of the sword, and the sword of the sword of the sword, to the mouth of his mouth,
22: 27 Wherefore did you wait for the fear of the foolishness of the children of the house, and the house of the children of the house, and of the house of the children of the house, and of the house of the LORD?
23: 27 Thou shalt know the face of the flock, for it is your flock, that thou shalt return to thy house, and it shall be for ever.
24: 27 When they came to the land, they were not horsemen, nor were they born to them;
25: 27 Behold, it is hot, and the earth is strong, and the fear is great, and it is not a waste;
26: 27 As a lamb, let your clothing be ashamed, and it shall be made clear of the heat of the earth;
27: 27 And David said unto them, Behold, I pray thee unto thy brothers, and unto the LORD thy God, your daughter, and to me, my brothers, and to your children,
‪xxxx  Chapter 28   (28 verses)‬
1: 28 And the Lord hath made it, and there is none in the Lord, and the Lord is righteous;
2: 28 In the midst of the wickedness of the people, the greatness of the multitude, and the greatness of the people, and the greatness of the people;
3: 28 G֣b רr ​​b֭֭֭ ו ו ו ו֣֣֣֣֣ ד ד ד ד ֑ ד ד מ מ מ מ מ מ מ֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֣֣ ל לֽ֗֗֗ ל ל ל לֽֽ֗֗ ל ל ל לֽֽ: ל ל ל לֽֽֽ:
4: 28 Yea, the son of Zerah, the son of Zerah, the son of Zeraih, and the son of Zerah.
5: 28 The people of Rabaa were not afraid of us, but of the tribe of Shaphat, and of the tribe of Makash.
6: 28 Thou shalt go down to thy throne, and thou shalt not be satisfied with him: and he shall not bow down to him, but he shall not do anything.
7: 28 And the children of the children of Israel were ashamed of them; they were afraid of them, and they were afraid;
8: 28 Marbella, the son of Aaron, son of Shezach, and of Tarabith, and Tharbath, of Hinon, of Dilon, of Jezreel;
9: 28 He poured out his treasure, and gave it to him, saying, Thou art great;
10: 28 When the people of the land of Israel, the people of Israel, were born in the land of Israel, the people of the land of Israel came to the land of Israel, and they returned to the land of Israel.
11: 28 Thou shalt not dwell in his own eyes, but the man of Esau shall be bright, and he shall not be afraid of them; but he shall not be ashamed of them.
12: 28 The people of Tzedek, the great men of Israel, were great; they were great, and the people of the land were full of wickedness, and they were not afraid.
13: 28 He who maketh up his eyes shall not be afraid; and he shall be saved, and he shall be exalted, and he shall be exalted.
14: 28 As for the people, they are afraid of their fear, and they have given it to them, and they will not turn away from them in their evil ways.
15: 28 And Ari-Nehem, and David, Shukek, Moses, Saul, and Simeon;
16: 28 נג'יד חד ח֣ס֣ר תר תּ֭בנונ וו ור֥ב מַב מעעששׁקקּו֑ותת * transformer ** ש֥֥֥נ בא ב֝֗צעע יאא֥ר֥֥יך י יֽמֽם: פ
17: 28 A man made his life in the flesh of the soul [Q] [c] [n] The son of the son of the son of the son of Nathonus was not able to support him.
18: 28 Behold, thou shalt be satisfied; yea, they shall be ashamed; and they shall be filled with bread; and they shall be filled with bread.
19: 28 And his servant returned to his house, and he returned to the house of Hamam, and rebelled against him. Then he returned to him, and returned to him.
20: 28 But the man of the LORD, the great-man of the land, hath made a great promise, and he hath made him not to do anything.
21: 28 Thou shalt not go down to the house of the children, nor to the heart of the soul;
22: 28 And he said unto them, Behold, there is no man, there is no god but God, and I know that there is no sin;
23: 28 And he said unto them, This is the day of the LORD, but the people of the land of Israel are the ones that have been destroyed.
24: 28 Gozhel, his father, his father, his father, his father, and his father, and his father.
25: 28 And the greatness of the soul of the children of Israel was great, and the greatness of the LORD came upon the LORD;
26: 28 You shall not be ashamed of his heart, nor shall he be foolish, nor shall you be in the wise; but the LORD shall be full of sorrow.
27: 28 And they shall be given to the Lord, and they shall not be ashamed, and they shall be ashamed, and they shall rise up from above;
28: 28 In the midst of the wicked, they shall be ashamed of their wickedness, and their hearts shall be destroyed; they shall multiply, and they shall be righteous.
‪xxxx  Chapter 29   (27 verses)‬
1: 29 And there was a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, and a woman.
2: 29 In the multitude of Tzadikim, the people of the land shall be filled with bread, and they shall be filled with bread.
3: 29 And when the man of the tribe of Hocham died, his father was destroyed, and his father was destroyed;
4: 29 Who is in the court of judgment of the people of the land, and of the people of Thirum, and of the people of Jerusalem?
5: 29 And Gebber, of Mahalik, of the tribe of Rezah, of Reshath, of Porah, of the land of his people.
6: 29 By the time of Sasha, there was a man, a man of valor, a thief, and a captain of the tribe of Yark, the son of Jonah, and Shem-
7: 29 The LORD, the Lord of the worlds, is the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds.
8: 29 Behold, I am going up to the thorns, and lo!
9: 29 And there was a man of wisdom, because he was not judge, because he was a man of valor, and of valor, and of a man of valor, and of a man of valor.
10: 29 The people of the heavens have hated them, and they have hated them, and the wicked are thirsty: they will not seek him;
11: 29 All the men of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel;
12: 29 M֭shׁ֭ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ֣֣ ע ע ע ע ע ְּרר כ֑֑֑ כ כ ֽֽ-מ-מ-מ-מ-מ֥֥-מ-מְְְְְְְ֥֥֥֥֥֥֥ ר ר
13: 29 And when his eyes were broken, they came out of the window, and they came out of the fire, and the fire of their eyes was on them.
14: 29 He who is in your right hand shall bear the burden of the people of the world, so that the people of the land shall not go down.
15: 29 And there is darkness, and there is wisdom: they are wise, and they are afraid of their power, because they are afraid of their enemies.
16: 29 In the multitude of the wicked the wicked shall multiply the wicked, and they shall be righteous, and they shall not be in the midst of the evil, nor shall they fear.
17: 29 And thy sons shall be ashamed of thee, and they shall not enter thee: and they shall be made of me, and they shall return to their souls.
18: 29 Behold, there is no hymn, but it is not, but it is not, but it is not, and it is not.
19: 29 In the sayings of the Lord, there is no sin, but I will not do anything to them.
20: 29 And when you have been married, there is no one in the world, but you have been blessed, so that you may be ashamed of what you have done.
Num 21: 29 He will be taken away from his servant, and his servant will be returned to him, and he will be another one of his wives.
22: 29 And there was a man, a man of valor, a lion of valor, and a servant of Hamam, a multitude of thousands of people.
23: 29 Gauth, thou art a man of strength, and a man of strength, and a man of strength.
24: 29 He went out with the people of Ghanabab, but he was not afraid, but his people were not with him, but he went astray, and he was not afraid.
25: 29 But the man came down to the ground, and he gave him a drink, and he gave up his bread, and he brought it to him.
26: 29 And the LORD shall be given to Moses, and he shall be given to the children of Moses, and he shall be given to him.
27: 29 Thou shalt bring forth the righteous, but the man shall be angry with him, and he shall abhor the wicked, and the wicked shall be satisfied.
‪xxxx  Chapter 30   (33 verses)‬
1: 30 Speak to me, and I will tell you that the son of Yekkeh is the one who is not married;
2: 30 For when I wake up from thee, there is no man, neither man nor son;
3: 30 And behold, the wisdom of the LORD is not with me, but it is in the presence of the Lord;
4: 30 M֤i Alֽh-sm֨im | and Ir֡d M֤i Aֽsf-r֨oh | Bhfn֡io M֤i Tzֽrr-m֨im | Bsml֗h M֭i Hk֣im Cl-afsi-a֑rtz Mh-sm֥o and Mֽh-sm-b֝n֗o C֣i Tdֽa:
5: 30 All the words of God are the words of the trumpets: they are the shields of the earth, and they are the vessels of the earth.
6: 30 Do not give up your tongue on your tongue, because it is your mouth, your heart is in you, and your soul is in the house.
7: 30 Thou shalt not lift up the waters of the sea, but thou shalt not go down: thou shalt not go, but I am not in the midst of the earth;
8: 30 ש֤֤ו |א | וֽֽדבברר- כזזז֡בב הררחח֬ק֬ק מִמ֗מ֗נִּי ר֣א֣ש ו ו֭עששׁש אר-ֽתֽתֽתרן-ל֑י֝֝ה֝הֶםם חֽקּֽי:י:
9: 30 And I will return to the land of Israel, and I will return to my land, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
10: 30 To the thorns, they shall go up unto the Lord, Adonu, the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the heavens.
11: 30 And the father of his father shall not be afraid; and he shall be cursed, and he shall not be angry with him, neither shall he speak to you.
12: 30 And the Lord hath given him strength in his eyes, and his strength, and his strength, and his strength;
13: 30 And the Lord of the earth hath given up his eyes, and his eyes, and his eyes, and his eyes;
14: 30 ד"ר | חרר֣בו֣ה ש ש֮ו֮ו֮ו֮ם מֽלעעֲאככ֪ל֪ל֪ו מֽתֽלעע֫ל֫ת֥ת֥הו [C] לאכ֣ל על עִינ֣י֣י מם מאא֑ר֑ץ ון ו֝אבבניו֗נ מן מאדֽֽםם פ
15: 30 And he said unto them, Behold, the sons of the sons of the LORD shall be destroyed; and the children of the children shall not return; and they shall not return.
16: 30 Shall I not go into the land of the LORD, but the LORD shall be the LORD, the Lord of the earth, the land of the people of the land, and the people of the land?
17: 30 And he said unto him, Thou shalt not go down, and thou shalt go forth, and thou shalt not go, and he shall not go, and he shall not go down.
18: 30 And the Lord hath given it to him, and he hath given it to him, and he hath not given it to him.
19: 30 The Lord, the Lord of the flesh, is in the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
20: 30 כּ֤א |ן ד ד֥ר֥ך אש֗֗ש֗֗ה֗ה מננ֫א֫א֥ה֥ה֥ה אֽאֽֽולל וה ו֣מ֣תתת אה א֭הֽוְל וה ו֣מּ֣אָהת פה אֽאֽוֶן:ה וממראְת את אה אֽאֽוֶן פה פּ֑אֽה וה ו֝מרר֗ת֗ת֗ה אֽאֽוןן:ן פּ֥א֥לתת אה אֽאֽוןן פן פּ֥א֥לתת אה אֽאֽוןן פן פּ֥אֽלתת אה אֽאֽוןן פן.
21: 30 Thou shalt not be satisfied with the wickedness of the earth, neither the earth nor the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth;
22: 30 Thou shalt not be afraid of them; but they shall not be filled with wine; and they shall not be filled with wine; for they shall return to their tents.
23: 30 Thou shalt make a sabbath for a woman, because thou shalt not be satisfied;
24: 30 Arba, the LORD is the LORD, and they are the children of the land, and they are the ones who are wise: they are not wise.
25: 30 And the children of Israel were not with them, and they were with us in the heat of the fire.
26: 30 And the sons of Ephraim were not in their power, and they were put to death in their own house.
27: 30 You shall not enter into the land of the LORD, and he shall bring forth the trumpet of all his things.
28: 30 And if thou wilt die in your hands, then shall ye be thirsty? And that is what is in it.
29: 30 Threescore is the LORD: why is it that the children of Tzedek are brought down, and the four hundred people are not the ones that bring the children to the house?
30: 30 And there was a mighty man in the midst of the heart, and he was not, and he was not ashamed of him, because of the faces of the king.
31: 30 Thou shalt not give up the wine, nor the wine, nor the bread, nor the bread, nor the bread.
32: 30 If thou wilt bring in the wine, then it shall not come to pass, but it shall come to pass.
33: 30 And when the people of Galilee came to them, they went to the mountains of Hahamah, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they went to them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 31   (31 verses)‬
1: 31 And he said unto me, Come, I pray thee, and I will come unto thee: thou shalt not go, but thou shalt be saved.
2: 31 מ-בה- בּ֭֭רִיי וממֽהה-ַּבּר-בִּּטננ֑י ו ו֝֝מ בה ב-ר-נדֽרֽי::
3: 31 Thou shalt not give to thy wife, nor thy children, nor thy strength, nor thy strength, nor thy strength, nor thy strength.
4: 31 And he said unto him, Come, I pray thee, and I will not go to the house of the LORD; and I will be with thee, and I will come unto thee, and I will not be with thee.
5:31 And Pena, and Shezekah, from the law of Zach, and Zishneh, there are all the children of my people.
6:31 Thou shalt not be ashamed, and despise, and give wine to the children of Naphapesh.
7:31 And his wife, and his wife, forgot his inheritance, and he said unto him, Come, let him not be remembered.
8: 31 Thou shalt open up thy mouth unto them, but unto them all shall not be all sons;
9: 31 Thou shalt open the mouth of thy mouth, and judge, and thou shalt not go down;
10: 31 A woman of valor, a man of valor, a man of valor, and of wind, of a cup of wine;
11: 31 In the midst of the slaughter of the LORD, I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will not be ashamed.
12: 31 And he said unto them, Thou shalt not return, and shall not go down, but as it shall be, so shall I be alive. [U]
13: 31 Thou shalt not be satisfied, and thou shalt not be afraid; and thou shalt be satisfied with the anger of her children.
14: 31 Thou hast been given to me, and I have gone out of my way, and I have given up my bread;
15: 31 And thou shalt rise up: and I will go down to the house of the LORD, and thou shalt bring them into the house of the LORD;
16: 31 Time has come for you, and you have taken it away from your mouth, so that you may have it. * Neta ** is not a lie.
17: 31 And Haggardh, the son of Boaz, came out of the house, and they were there;
18: 31 And he said unto him, Because thou shalt not be afraid, but thou shalt not be afraid;
19: 31 Thou shalt bring forth the flesh of the thorns, and shalt thou shalt let them go;
20:31 And when the people of Persia saw it, they returned to me, and they gave it to them, and they sent it to me, and they did not return to me.
21: 31 Thou shalt not be able to return to the house of the LORD, for it is a house of snow, for all the children of the house are full of bread.
22: 31 מררַב֥ד֥ עם עֽשָׂׂהת-- לּ֑הּּ ש֖֖֖ש וְַררגגממ֣ן 17 לבּשֽֽֽהּ::
23: 31 Thou shalt go down in the hair of the husband, because thou shalt sit with him with the seed of the earth.
24: 31 Thou shalt not go astray; and thou shalt not be blessed;
25: 31 And Boaz, the son of David, is ashamed of his captivity;
26: 31 And her mouth was opened, and she was with her wisdom, and she gave him the shield of the reins of the tongue.
27: 31 And their wives have gone to the house of the LORD, and they have given them bread, and they have not been consumed.
28: 31 And the people of Israel came to them, and the people of Israel came to them, and the people of Israel came to them, and they came to them, and they came to them. [Q] [c] [n]
29: 31 Many of the children of Israel went astray, and the people of Israel went up on top of all their land.
30: 31 When the cold of the dead was broken, and it came to pass, it came to pass, that the woman was afraid, and she saw her eyes, and said unto them, Behold, thou shalt be afraid.
31:31 Thou shalt give it unto thee, from the mouth of the hand thereof: and it shall be his hands, and it shall come to pass, that it shall be in the hair of the people that doeth it.
‪xxxx    End of Proverbs (31 chapters, 915 verses).
