‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.46. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Psalms (150 chapters, 2527 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (6 verses)‬
1: 1 But there is no god but the Lord of the flesh. [C] Asherah: "Lo, the son of the king of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of the land, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel."
2: 1 When they were in the midst of the death of the LORD, the LORD gave birth to him, and he returned to his inheritance, and his people returned to him, and they came to them, and they were destroyed.
3: 1 And he, behold, he was like a tree, and he was six hundred years old; and he was a man of his own; and he was a man of his own. And he made him captive to him: and he gave him up to him.
4: 1 Not so that the wicked are wicked, but that if so, if it is not, then it shall be good.
5: 1 For the sake of the Lord, the Lord of the wicked is not in judgment, and the sinner is in the midst of righteousness.
6: 1 For the LORD hath given thee justice: for thy righteousness is righteous, and thy wickedness is gone, and thou shalt not be thirsty.
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (12 verses)‬
1: 2 ֭ ֭ ר ר ֣ ֑ ֑ ֝ ֝ ֝ ֝ ֝ ה ה ה ה ג ג ג ג ג ג ה ה ה ה
2: 2 And the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, were destroyed;
3: 2 And they took away the wicked, and destroyed it, and they took away from it, from where they were, and their servants were destroyed.
4: 2 He was ashamed of them in the name of the LORD;
5: 2 Wherefore shall the children of Israel be gathered together, and his blood shall be in his abominations, and his inheritance shall be his?
6: 2 And I said, I am going down to you, and I will not give up my tongue;
7: 2 Asaparah, the son of Hilel, the son of Jehoah, the son of Jeho, the son of Hosech, the son of Jeho, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham;
8: 2 So that you may get up from me, and I will be with you, and I will go to you, and I will give you your inheritance, but I will not take you away.
9: 2 Thou shalt go astray in the midst of the seed, but in the air, as in all things, they shall cut up their snakes.
10: 2 And when thou hast come down from the depths of the valley, let them be ashamed, and they shall be cast off, and they shall not be put to shame.
11: 2 They worshiped the LORD, and saw him in his sight: and they turned to him in his anger.
12: 2 And they gave him the son of the son of Jephthah, and he gave him his name, because he was not able to do anything.
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (9 verses)‬
1: 3 From time to time I came to the house of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, and the Lord of the worlds.
2: 3 Yahweh said, "Behold, thou art vain, and have mercy on me."
3: 3 Many people said to him, "We are not in charge, but we are not." He said to him, "Do not go back to me."
4: 3 And thou shalt be afraid of them: for they are in their hands;
5: 3 Behold, my Lord is with me, O God, O Abraham, O Abraham, and I will be filled with evil.
6: 3 I am now, that my heart is troubled, and I am not a man; I am a young man;
7: 3 Lo, I am not afraid, but I will not stir up my anger; but I will not turn away from him, but the sword of his sword will come upon me.
6: 3 And God commanded me: O LORD, O LORD, I am the God of the Lord, and I am the God of God, and I am the God of all my life.
9: 3 To Yahweh, he is the LORD, your servant, your nation, your righteousness, your righteousness.
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (9 verses)‬
1: 4 For the children of the children of the children of Israel were brought to the land of David:
2: 4 In the name of the Lord, I am the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Spirit of the Spirit, the Father, of the Father, of the Spirit, of the Spirit, of the Father, and of the Lord.
3: 4 Behold, there is no man, there is no god but God; for he is honored; for he hath not received the love of the LORD, nor hath he been blessed;
4: 4 And he said unto him, Behold, I am not afraid of him; but he is afraid of him, because he is with him, O LORD, and he hath gone astray in the land of Israel.
5: 4 Behold, they are angry; and they are not with you; they are not with you, but they say unto thee, I will cause them to swallow thee, and they shall not be filled with them.
6: 4 Behold, ye shall be victorious, and shall be faithful to God;
7: 4 Many have said, I am saying, I am the Lord of the worlds, and I am the Lord of the worlds.
8: 4 You have been glad to have mercy on your heart, but you have not seen them in their hearts, and you have become arrogant because of their anger.
9: 4 In the name of his brother David, I have given Eshkebba a wife, and she is a wife of the son of Israel, so that she may enter into the house of Yahweh, so that she may return to the house of the Lord, and I will return to her.
‪xxxx  Chapter 5   (13 verses)‬
1: 5 For the man of the children of Israel was not able to escape from the land of David to David;
2: 5 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt come to me;
3: 5 The hard-liner | לק֬ו֬ו֬ל שׁועע֗י֗י מללככּ֥֥י ואללהה֑֑י כּֽכֽי-א-֝֝ל֗֗ך א אתתפפּּלּֽל:ל::
4: 5 Yea, behold, it is in the depths of the sea, and it is in the depths of the sea.
5: 5 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go down to the house of the LORD, but he shall not go down.
6: 5 Lo! Thou shalt not give up the children of the children, for we are against your eyes, because they are not with you, but all the children of Israel are with them.
7: 5 Thou shalt not perish, speak to me, O man;
8: 5 And I said unto you, Behold, thy father is a father; and he is his daughter; and thou shalt not give him a wife, nor unto thy God, nor thy neighbor, nor thy servant.
9: 5 Yahweh, Noah, the son of the righteous, and the righteous, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God.
10: 5 When they were not in their mouths, they were blessed: they were drawn together, but they were not, and they were not, and they were broken, and they were not in their hands;
11: 5 The people of Israel, the people of Israel, were born in the land of Israel, and the people of the land of Israel were in the midst of the destruction of their land.
12: 5 And you shall be glad, and all your children shall be ashamed of you; for they will reproach you, and your tongue shall go up against you, and I will make you angry with you, and I will love you, and I will love you.
13: 5 When thou hast spoken, thou shalt be blessed, and the children of Zedek, the LORD, are numbered, so are the children of the flock of the children of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 6   (11 verses)‬
1: 6 Let us not take away the tongues of the heavens, nor the earth, nor the earth, nor the earth;
2: 6 Yea, O God, come unto me, thou art sure, and I am with thee, and thou shalt not be in thy heat;
3: 6 I am the son of the LORD, and the LORD is my God: for I am full of hope, but I am with my people;
4: 6 And the souls of Nebhelah came out of Mehdad, and Thou, and Thou, the daughter of Yahweh;
5: 6 Return to me, O Yahweh, O son of Nafshah! Behold, I will make you happy for your sake.
6: 6 For when I remember, I will not remember your memory, because I am afraid of you, and I am afraid of you.
7: 6 I will come to my house, and I will give you bread, and I will give it to you, and I will bring it to you.
6: 6 And the people of Israel were with thee, so that we might be angry with them, so that they might be in the midst of all their troubles.
9: 6 And the people of the tribe of Israel, all of them, went up to me, saying, "Behold, I will not go!"
10: 6 The name of the LORD is the commandment, the inheritance, the commandment, the commandment, the commandment, the commandment, and the commandment.
11: 6 And the son of Israel came to him, and he gave up all the children, and he was ashamed of them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 7   (18 verses)‬
1: 7 And the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Son of David, the Son of David, and the Son of David.
2: 7 Yahweh, O God, be with me, I will be my helper, and I will make a helper of me;
3: 7 And Pinhas the son of Joseph, as for me: for Nafshah, for Popper, and for Nain, for Mazziel.
4: 7 The LORD, O God, am my God, if thou hast done me, thou shalt bring them in the hand of my hand;
5: 7 If thou hast murmured that the people of the world shall not be satisfied, and the people of the land shall be victorious;
6: 7 The Lord, the Lord of the World, is the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Worlds, and the Lord of the Worlds.
7: 7 And Moses said unto them, Ye, O Lord, I will give thee strength: for I will not lift up my anger, but I will go down to the land of Zion, and I will not go down.
8: 7 And you shall return to the nations, so that you may turn away from you, and you shall go up to it, and you shall return to them.
9: 7 Yahweh, who is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord!
10: 7 We shall rejoice: the Lord shall be victorious: they shall be crucified, and they shall be victorious, and they shall be victorious, and they shall be victorious, and they shall be all the nations of the world.
11: 7 He answered the words of God, "Come on, I will come to you, and I will be with you."
12: 7 God is the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe.
13: 7 But if he is not afraid, he shall bring his sword, and he shall reign over his wickedness, and his wickedness shall be with him, and he shall return to thee, and he shall be blessed with him.
14: 7 And they shall be filled with bread, and the bread of the wheat shall be filled with bread, and the wine shall be filled with wine.
15: 7 Behold, I will bear it, and I will bring it to you, and I will bring it to the ground.
16: 7 Beware of the Lord of the Worlds, and of the people of Israel, and of the people of Israel, and of the people of Israel.
17: 7 There shall be a labor, and it shall be in its beginning, and it shall go forth, and it shall be diligent, and it shall not be destroyed.
18: 7 O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, as a righteous man, and he shall be a mighty man;
‪xxxx  Chapter 8   (10 verses)‬
1: 8 For the man of the wickedness hath gone away, and he hath not gone down to the house of David;
2: 8 Yahweh, Adonayahu, from you, O Lord, the light of thy name is in all the earth, that is, the light of thy eyes, and thy eyes are on the heavens.
2: 8 And they shall not go down, and they shall be taken away, and they shall be saved; and they shall be gathered together; and they shall return to their land, and they shall return to them.
4: 8 For when the eyes of thy eyes are made, what shall I do? I will make you thirsty, and I will make you stronger: and I will make you weep;
5: 8 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt remember it, and the son of Abraham shall be with them; for they shall not be broken.
6: 8 And they cut him down from the mouth of God, and he began to fear, and the people were afraid of him.
7: 8 Thou shalt cast him in the works of thy hand, because thou shalt be sullen, but thou shalt not rejoice.
8: 8 And the children of Israel came to them, and they came to them, and they returned to the land, and they returned to the land of Israel.
9: 8 And the people of the sea, the sea, and the fish, and the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, the mountains, and the mountains.
10: 8 The LORD, O Lord, give us light, O Lord, for the light of thy presence is in the midst of all things.
‪xxxx  Chapter 9   (21 verses)‬
1: 9 For he who is victorious against the motherhood, hath given birth to the son of David;
2: 9 O God, behold, the LORD is in all your heart, and I will be with you, and all my hands shall be filled with you.
3: 9 I will praise you, and I will bring you to you, and I will make you happy, because your name is above me.
4: 9 In the return of Job, behold, there is a reproach, and it shall fail, and Jacob shall be destroyed from your face.
5: 9 So that I may bring judgment from you, and I will judge against you, and I will bring you to my house.
6: 9 And the LORD hath given them the bread of their heads;
7: 9 Thou shalt go forth: Thou shalt not go down, but thou shalt not be victorious; and thou shalt not be watered: but thou shalt not bear the seed of the memory of the memory of them.
8: 9 And the LORD hath given unto them, that they shall not return to the land of Canaan;
9: 9 And, behold, he will be brought to the house of the LORD, and he will be in the midst of the earth;
10: 9 And the LORD said unto him, O LORD, the Lord is the glory of the Lord, the Lord of the earth, the glory of the earth.
11: 9 And thy promise shall be in thee, that it may be known: for thy name is not in thy name: for it is not for thee, but for thy inheritance, thy inheritance is thy inheritance, O LORD,
12: 9 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt be ashamed of the children of Zion, and they shall not be ashamed of them;
13: 9 When the children of Israel were destroyed, they were destroyed, but they were not numbered; they were not strangers, but they were poor, and they were poor, poor, poor, and poor.
14: 9 I am the son of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth.
15: 9 To Maan, Asaph, the son of Zechariah, the daughter of Thiatha, the daughter of Thy, the daughter of Tzvi, the son of Zidon, the daughter of Zidah,
16: 9 And he went up to the house of the king, saying, "Behold, thou shalt do it in the land of the Lord."
17: 9 The Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
18: 9 There is a wicked man, who is afraid not to transgress all the wonders of the world, but forget them, O God, to them.
19: 9 Wherefore, I will not be victorious, but I will triumph, I will not forget thee, but I will return to you, and I will return to you. I will return to you.
20: 9 And he said unto him, Behold, I will not go down; for I am afraid, and I will be ashamed of you, and I will go down to you.
21: 9 And the LORD hath spoken unto thee, O LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord.
‪xxxx  Chapter 10   (18 verses)‬
1: 10 To the Lord, behold, Yahweh was baptized in the spirit of the yoke, and the people of Israel came to the house of the LORD.
2: 10 In the midst of the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, have been cursed, and the people of Israel have been seized.
3: 10 When the LORD, the Lord, is satisfied with his desire, he is satisfied, and his desire is fulfilled, and he will bring you back to you.
4: 10 He hath made his people angry, but they have not touched him; but they have not been afraid; they have not given up all his time.
5:10 He said to him, "Come on, let him go!" He said, "All of you have gone out of your way, and you have not been afraid of your captives.
6: 10 Am I the son of his father, the son of the mother of the children of the tribe of David, and of the son of Asher, of Asher, the son of Levi, the son of Abraham.
7: 10 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go down, and go down to heaven; and thou shalt give him bread, and he that is his bread, and his bread, and the wine.
8: 10 And the people of the tribe of Baרar֬֬֬ ח ח ח ח ח ח ח֗ ב ב ב בֽֽֽֽ֭֭֭֭סס ֽ֭ססססססססססססס נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י֥ י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י י֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥ י י י י
9: 10 The LORD shall dwell in the land of the land of Israel, and he shall give it to the people of the land, and it shall be in the land of the LORD, and the people of the land shall return to it.
10: 10 * And the Lord gave thee strength, and the people of the people, and the people of the land, and the people of the flock.
11: 10 And he said unto him, Shall I not give him bread? So shall I go to the sea?
12: 10 And he said unto him, O LORD, I pray thee, thou art not a man, but thy servant is not unto thee, but thou shalt be forgotten. * Poor people;
13: 10 And Moses said to him, 'Let not the LORD be pleased with him;
14: 10 And behold, thou shalt go down, and behold, thou shalt go forth, and thou shalt not be satisfied; and thou shalt not be satisfied with thy servants.
15: 10 When the wicked man is gone, he is satisfied, and he is afraid of his wickedness, because he is not satisfied with his desire.
16: 10 The LORD your God hath gone up to them, and they have gone down, they have lost their lives, and they have not lost their lives.
17: 10 Thou shalt be satisfied; for the people are not satisfied; for the LORD hath given thee a gift;
18: 10 And I will be ashamed of you, and I will go to you, and I will go to the land of Israel, and I will go to the land of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 11   (7 verses)‬
1: 11 Let the children of Israel, the children of Israel, be destroyed, and behold, I will tell you, I will not let you go, and I will say to you, Nafas, and I will not be able to return to you.
2: 11 Therefore, behold, [c] the wicked are wicked, and they are strong: for they are strong, and their strength is greater than that which is in the light of the fire, so that they may be in the midst of sorrow, to the good of the Lord.
3:11 So that the two women were destroyed, and the son of the son of Zedek, the son of Moses, went down.
4: 11 Yahweh said: "Behold, the Lord is the one who sanctified his sanctuary, and the LORD is in the midst of the earth, for he hath not given up his eyes, but his eyes are still with him;
5: 11 Yahweh, the captain of Tzadik, the son of the LORD, the son of Moses, and the LORD of hosts, and the LORD of hosts;
6: 11 Yammetar, the son of Gershon, was the father of Pharisees, and his family, and the tribe of Zephariah, of Zil'ap, of the tribe of Manasseh, of Kusah.
7: 11 When the righteous, the righteous, the righteous, the righteous, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty;
‪xxxx  Chapter 12   (9 verses)‬
1: 12 Let the man of the heavens be taken away from him, and he shall not go down to the house of David.
2: 12 The people of the tribe of Judah, because they were strangers, because they were afraid, because they were cruel; they were not afraid; they were children, but they were not.
3: 12 And behold, there was a man, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, and a woman; and a child;
4: 12 Thou shalt not give up all the things of the people;
5: 12 As for the people of Israel, they have been destroyed, and they have not turned away from us.
6: 12 The people of Nineveh, who were among the men of the tribe of Israel, came to Zion, and the people of Israel came to them, saying, "Behold, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Son of the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds."
7: 12 But the LORD said unto them, Behold, the LORD hath said, Thou shalt not go down; and behold, thou shalt bring together the sword of the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty.
8: 12 Thou shalt give up the LORD thy God, save thee, thou shalt be thirsty;
9: 12 Thou shalt not be satisfied with the wicked, but they shall not be with thee; but they shall not be merciful unto them, but they shall be sons.
‪xxxx  Chapter 13   (6 verses)‬
1: 13 For a man to save his life, and to be unclean:
2: 13 Thou shalt forget, forget thee, thou shalt forget me: thou shalt be victorious over me; thou shalt cast thy light upon thy face;
3:13 Thou shalt not go down, but thou shalt not bear the desire of the soul, but in the heart of the heart, the heart of the heart shall be gone, and they shall die again.
4: 13 Behold, I will come to thee, O LORD, for I am with thee, O God, O God;
5:13 Pinhas the son of Anib, the king of Israel;
6: 13 And I, behold, I am in thy sanctuary, and in my slaughter, I am in the house of the LORD, and in the house of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the Universe.
‪xxxx  Chapter 14   (7 verses)‬
1: 14 For the man of the sons of Israel was not pleased with him, and the son of Nebuchadneh was in his house, and he was not a god; but he was not his wife, but his wife was his father, and his father was his wife.
2: 14 The LORD, O LORD, is the LORD, the LORD of the heavens, the earth of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts.
3: 14 And the king said unto him, Yea, behold, there is no god but God, and there is no god but God, and there is no god but God.
4: 14 Behold, they know not all things, but the children of Israel, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, their bread, their bread, their bread, their food, their food, their food, their food, their food, and their food.
5: 14 Their name is: ֲ֣֣דוּ פַ֑ד כֽ-א-א֝֝֗֗֗֗ ב ב֣֣ר צ צ צ צ צֽֽ::
6:14 Thou shalt give them bread;
7: 14 And he gave up the commandment of the LORD, saying, Behold, thou shalt be glad, and he shall not be filled with shame; but he shall return to him, and he shall return to him, and he shall return with him.
‪xxxx  Chapter 15   (5 verses)‬
1:15 What time is it that the children of Israel go up to the house of Yahweh, who are in the house of the children of Israel, that are in the midst of the mourning, for they are in the midst of the holy month of Bashan?
2: 15 Thou shalt not go astray, and go astray, and go astray;
3: 15 Lo, he is not a man; but he is not his servant; he is evil; he is evil; he is evil; and he is a great man; he is not a man;
4: 15 And he despised him; and in the midst of him he went, and he was not satisfied; and he was afraid of the LORD, and he was afraid of the LORD, and he returned to the land of Judah.
5:15 And as thou hast done, thou shalt not be ashamed of your sons; and I will not be afraid of men; but I will not be afraid of them; but I will not bring them to death.
‪xxxx  Chapter 16   (11 verses)‬
1: 16 And when I saw them, I saw them, saying, I am going down, and I am going down, because I am with you;
2: 16 Am I the LORD, the LORD thy God, O Lord, O Lord, I am the Lord, the Lord of the worlds?
3:16 To the holy men who were in the midst of the earth, were they, and they were mighty, all the children of their children.
4: 16 Thou hast brought forth their iniquity, but thou shalt not be pleased with them: for they have rejected thee, but they have not taken them away, but they have taken them away from them, and they have taken away their wives, and they have not taken away their wives.
5:16 He said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go away; and I will be ashamed of thee: thou shalt be glad, Thou art great;
6: 16 They have been put to shame; they have not been afraid; they have been born to them.
7: 16 I will bring you up to Yahweh, but I will not save you, but I will not be afraid of you, neither shall I be cast off, but I will be ashamed of you.
8: 16 I am the LORD, the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Son of David, the Son of David.
9: 16 To me: I have gone to my heart, and my heart is full of glory, and I am with you, and I am with you.
10: 16 For I am not afraid of adultery, but I am afraid of you, and I am not afraid of you.
11: 16 Thou hast made me to know, that I have gone astray, and that I have gone astray, that thou shalt not take away thy face, nor thy people;
‪xxxx  Chapter 17   (15 verses)‬
1: 17 The prayer of the Lord is upon the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the voice of the Lord, the voice of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God.
2: 17 And your face shall be judged from judgment, but it shall not come to pass, but your eyes shall be filled with wine, which shall be straight.
3: 17 In the name of Ahah, I have given birth to my father, and the people of the land of Israel, the people of the land, and the people of the land.
4: 17 Let the children go up, and I will put your lips on your face; I will be with you, and I will be with you.
5: 17 Thou shalt not go astray, but in the midst of thy wonders, thou shalt not go forth;
6: 17 I will not be afraid of you, but I will not give you up;
7: 17 The Philistine is your strength, your strength, the flesh of the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth.
8: 17 Behold, I will not see you as a man, but the daughter of the children of Israel shall be ashamed of you, so that your anger may be upon you.
9: 17 From the face of the wicked, the wicked: for I am not worthy of the Lord; but I am in the midst of evil;
10: 17 The servant of Zambro, the son of Joseph, the son of Nimmo, the son of David;
11: 17 The people of Shorainu have come to us, and have turned away from them; they have turned their eyes on them, and they have turned away from them.
12: 17 He is afraid of him, seeing that he will be covered with anger, and he will be angry with him, and he will be cursed with light, and he will be ashamed of himself in the midst of trouble.
13: 17 And the Lord, the Lord, is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth.
14: 17 Where are your hands, your hands? The LORD is the LORD, the Lord of the Chaldeans, and the sons of the sons of the Chaldeans, the sons of the sons of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel.
15: 17 I am in the midst of thy righteousness, and thou shalt be afraid: for thy face shall not be satisfied, neither shall I be in thy presence.
‪xxxx  Chapter 18   (51 verses)‬
1: 18 For the man of Nazareth, for the sake of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Son of the Lord.
2: 18 And he said, I will see you, O Jehovah, O LORD, save me!
3: 18 YHWHHHHHHH!
4: 18 From the depths of Ecclesiastes, there is no god but Elohim and Emanuel.
5: 18 I will be ashamed of my children, and I will be ashamed of them, and I will be with you, and I will come to you.
6: 18 Behold, I will not go astray, but I will not be able to return.
7: 18 In the land of Libra, the LORD, the LORD, is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the God of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD.
8: 18 And he came to his senses, and came to him: the LORD had given him strength, and he had been baptized, and the people were afraid of him, and they were angry with him, and the people of the people were afraid of him.
9: 18 And he hath done it, he hath done it: and his fire, and his fire, and the fire thereof, and the fire, and the fire, and the fire;
10: 18 And he went down to the sea, and he rose up, and saw it, and he saw it, and rolled it up, and it fell on its feet.
11: 18 And he blessed him with greatness, and went out, and went on, and he went down on the porch of the river.
12: 18 And the sixth day of the day was the day of his captivity;
13: 18 And he went up to his house, and went up to him, saying, "Behold, I will go down, and I will go!"
14: 18 And he went down in the wilderness; and the people of Jethro were in the midst of him.
15: 18 And his hands were filled with bread, and their bread was broken, and the bread was empty, and their bread was hot.
16: 18 And he saw the voice of the Lord, and the voice of the Lord, and of the Lord, the Lord of the World, and of the Lord of the Worlds, and of the Lord of the Worlds.
17: 18 And he hath taken the earth, and the earth shall take it, and it shall be taken to me, and it shall be given to me.
18: 18 I will be saved from the evil of my enemies: and I will be ashamed of them, because they will not be saved from Me.
19: 18 I will be honored by the day of Ido, and I will be my God, and I will be with you.
20:18 And he brought me up to the moon, and to the west, to the south of Me, and to me, and to me, and to the mountains of Galilee.
21: 18 The LORD shall be full of me, O LORD, as a righteous man;
22: 18 When I saw my way, I said to him, O LORD, I am afraid, and I am not afraid of the LORD, because I am afraid of my God.
23:18 When all his judgments are fulfilled, he is betrayed to his enemies, and his statutes are no longer.
24:18 And ye shall be with him, and ye shall be with him, and ye shall not be filled with water.
25:18 And the LORD, the LORD, returned to him, as if he were righteous, so as to be sure, he was with him, and he was with his eyes, and his eyes were on him.
26: 18 The people of Hassam, who were with him, were with the people of Gibor;
27: 18 And the people of the tribe of Thabber, and the people of the tribe of Atzpath;
28: 18 When the people of Israel were with you, they were with the people of Israel, and the eyes of the LORD were on their way.
29: 18 And when the eyes of the LORD came forth, the light of the fire grew up: the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the God of Israel, is there a way to bring it to light.
30: 18 And when I saw you, I saw the greatness of my heart, and I was afraid of God. But I did not go.
31: 18 The God, the Lord, is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Son of God, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord,
Num 32: 18 When the LORD came to him, saying, "Behold, I am with you, O LORD!" And they said, "Cruelty to the Lord!"
33: 18 The LORD said unto them, Behold, I am with you, and I will be with you, and you shall be with me.
34: 18 I will not be afraid of her, because I will be afraid of you, and I will go down to death.
35: 18 I have given up my blood to fight against it, and I have given it to you, because it is not so long as I am afraid of you.
36: 18 And thou shalt give me gladness: for I will give thee gladness; and I will give thee gladness, and I will give thee food, and I will give thee bread, and thou shalt not multiply me.
37: 18 Thou shalt not rejoice; and thou shalt not be satisfied;
38: 18 I will bring you up, and I will bring them, and I will bring them up, and they will not come to them. [1] For all their treasures.
39:18 And they shall not be crushed, nor shall they be consumed; they shall be destroyed, and they shall be filled with blood;
40: 18 And I will return to the war, and I will go back to battle, and you shall be sold to me.
41: 18 And the LORD gave them bread, and he gave them bread.
42:18 And he and his mother shall not be pleased with the LORD, nor shall they be afraid of them.
43:18 And he that hath made them be like unto the anger of the children of the children of the tribe of Zechariah;
44: 18 Thou shalt not thyself, but thou shalt not be satisfied, but I will give them to me, and I will give them to me.
45: 18 And Moses said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not go astray; but the children of the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel shall not be ashamed.
46: 18 The sons of Necher, shall bring him forth; and he shall be made afraid of them, and they shall be destroyed.
47: 18 The life of Yahweh, and the son of Zochrot, and Zoru, and Zer, the son of G-d, the LORD of hosts;
48: 18 And the men of the men of the land were numbered, and they rose up to the ground, and the people of the people stood still.
49: 18 Who is the ruler of the people? Where are you from? Where are you from? Why are you angry with me?
50: 18 For the sake of them: O LORD, I will bring them forth; and the LORD your God, and I will bring you up to you.
51: 18 * Tower ** Magdalene יְשּּעו֪ותת מּ֫ל֫ל֥כ֥וְעע֤ש חה ח֨סדד | לממששׁ֗ח֗ו לְו לדד֥ו֥ד וּלזזרר֗עו֗ו עד-עועלֽםם:
‪xxxx  Chapter 19   (15 verses)‬
1: 19 To save time from time to time:
2: 19 The heavens are from the mighty, and they are like the children of the children of Israel, and the people of Israel do so.
3:19 And the children of Yם֭ י י י יֽֽֽֽ֣֣֣֣֣ ֽֽ֑֑֑֑ ו ו֥֥ לְ לְ לְ לְ֝֗֗֗֗֗ י י י י-ד ַֽֽֽתת:;
4:19 And they said, "Behold, I will not be angry;
5:19 In all the people of the world, there is no god but them, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
6: 19 And behold, it was like a whore, but he came out of his hippopotamus, and there was a man, a man, and a mighty man;
7: 19 מקצהה הש֨מ֨ת֨ם֨ם מֽחֽצ֗א֗ה֗וּתתּתתקוקָפ֥ת֥הו עלל-קקֹּת֑ת֑םם ו֥א֥י֥ין נ֝סתת֗ת֗ר מֽמֽחַמתותֹו: [1]
6:19 Thou shalt be the Lord, Thy God, O Lord, Thou shalt give up the breadth of the fruit of the fruit of the vineyard of the vineyard of the house of Yahweh, so that it may be for the people of Israel.
9:19 Behold, O God, O LORD, the LORD, the one who has given thanks to the people of the land, the commandment of the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Son of God, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the heavens, the eyes of the Lord.
10: 19 The LORD shall see the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Son of God.
11: 19 The LORD, the Lord, is the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the World, and the Lord of the World.
12: 19 And they were with you in thy hand; they saw them in their beds, because they were saved, but they were not in the house of the LORD.
13: 19 They have sinned, and they have not taken away.
14: 19 And they shall not be afraid of Me, but they shall be the servants of your servants, but they shall not be put to death.
15: 19 Behold, I am with you, and I will go to the land of Israel, and say unto me, Behold, I will give thee strength before thee.
‪xxxx  Chapter 20   (10 verses)‬
1: 20 To save time from time to time:
2: 20 Your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name or your name or your name or your name or your name or your name or your name or your name or your friends'.
3:20 And he shall bring forth thy treasure, and he shall bring it forth: and it shall come to pass.
4:20 Thou shalt remember all thy commandments, and thy sakes;
5:20 Thou shalt give your heart to thy heart, and all thy hands shall be filled with bread.
6: 20 Nernan is the son of the man of the tribe of Zu'at, because of you, and in the name of God, our God, we will not be afraid;
7: 20 And when thou hast come to me, I will come to thee, that I may be satisfied with him: the LORD hath made him a servant of the LORD, and he hath given him salvation, and he hath made him holy: and he hath sanctified him;
8: 20 And I will bring you to the house of the king, and I will bring you to the land, and we will enter into it: in the name of the LORD our God, we are worthy of victory.
9: 20 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt go down; and we shall be filled with him; and we shall be pleased with him;
10: 20 The LORD your God is the Lord of the heavens, and the Lord is your God, and our people are with you in the day of the Korah.
‪xxxx  Chapter 21   (14 verses)‬
1: 21 Let us not take the time of the Lord unto David:
2: 21 Yea, the LORD, is in thy strength, and he shall bring forth thy flesh, and bring forth thy bread, and thy seed, and the fruit of it.
3: 21 Thou shalt not return unto him, but thou shalt give him bread, and he that is the wife of his captivity, shall not be put in trouble.
4:21 So, when the people of the land of Israel came to the land of Israel, they came to the land of Israel, and the land of the land of Israel came to them.
5: 21 The life of the Lord is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord.
6: 21 Behold, the Lord is with him, and his glory is in his salvation;
7:21 21 When thou shalt give him bread in the knee, thou shalt not fear him, because thou shalt bring him away before thy face.
8: 21 When the king came to him, he gave him bread, and he gave him bread, and he gave it to the children of the tribe of Israel.
9:21 21 Thou shalt bring thy hand to all thy heart, and it shall be upon thee, that thou mayest be satisfied;
10: 21 Thou shalt not go down: thou shalt be cursed with fire; for it is not the people of thy people, but thy servants, and the children of the children;
11: 21 And he was afraid of them, because of the desire of the children, and of the seed of them, because of their sons, but they were not.
12: 21 For your wickedness is against you, because it is evil, and it is not the way of life.
13: 21 When thou shalt be ashamed of him, that is in thee, thou shalt not be afraid of thy neighbor: thou shalt surely bow down upon her face.
14: 21 See the verse, "YHWHHHH."
‪xxxx  Chapter 22   (32 verses)‬
1:22 And he shall not deliver upon the children of the land of the east of the land of David unto David.
2:22 And I said unto you, I will not go down to my land; but I will leave thee, and I will be with thee;
3: 22 Oh God, I am the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, and the Lord of the worlds.
4:22 And thou shalt be diligent, and fear; and they shall be ashamed of themselves, and they shall not be afraid.
5:22 Thou hast made a fool of him, and thou shalt surely bring us to death, and he shall not be put to death.
6:22 22 Behold, Thou shalt make thee angry; and be filled with your iniquity, and not in him, and not in him.
7:22 And the men of the tribe were gone, and the men were not afraid, but they were not in their midst, and they were not with them.
8:22 All the children of the people of Israel were angry with him, and they were not ashamed of the people of the tribe, because they were the enemy of the wicked.
9:22 He went up to the LORD, saying, "Behold, I will bring him down, and I will bring him down."
10: 22 When thou shalt be afraid, thou shalt rise up from the depths of the dungeon, so that I may surely lay down upon the breast of the sea.
11:22 Thou shalt not see thee, that I may be angry with them, but I will not be with you.
12: 22 Do not be afraid of me, because I am thirsty, because I will bring you forth, because I will not be angry with you.
13: 22 My heart is vain; they are great; I fear not; but I am ashamed;
14: 22 And he said unto them, Behold, the mouth of them is not the one, but the earth is the earth, and the earth is the earth.
15: 22 As for me, my soul is filled with sorrow, and my soul is filled with sorrow, and I am with you, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my heart, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul and my soul.
16: 22 ֤֤֘֘֘ כ כֶ֨֨֨ כ כ֗֗ ו וְ֭֭נִיִי [[[[[[ו ו ו ו [[[[[[מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ ֶֽֽֽ [[[מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ מַ
17: 22 And when I turned away, I was full of them, and there were no more witnesses.
18:22 I will gather all the mighty things, and they will be filled with bread, and they will not be afraid.
19: 22 And they shall be ashamed of their children, for they are great, and they shall not be ashamed of them.
20:22 And the LORD said unto her, I will not give thee rest; and I will come unto thee, and I will not be afraid.
21: 22 And he hath made it clear from the sword of the sword of the soul of Naphshah, that is the hand of the king, the only one.
22:22 22 And I will make you happy, because I see her, and I will come to her, and I will not be afraid of you.
23:22 22 Asparah said, "Your name is a witness to my brother." Beth, the daughter of your father, is your servant. "" Oh, how are you? "
24: 22 Behold, Yahweh, the LORD, is the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Son of God, and all the people of the world, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
25:22 22 And when the LORD came to him, and he was not satisfied, he was with him, and he did not turn away from the fire, but his face went away from him, and they came out from him, and they returned to him, but they were not there.
26: 22 And he said unto thee, Behold, thou shalt go down to the house of the LORD, and I will bring it unto thee.
27: 22 Ye shall suffer, and they shall return to him, and they shall return to him, and they shall return to him, and they shall return to the land of Israel, and they shall return to their land.
28: 22 Remember, ye shall return to me, and bring to me all the things of the earth, and they shall be glad, and they shall be with you, and they shall be with you for your strength.
29: 22 When they came to the house of the king, they came to them, and they came to their house, and they came to them.
30: 22 I will eat it, and it will be given to me. "[1] The king of the children of the land of Israel ran away before him, and he was torn down from all his hands, so that he could not see him.
31: 22 And he said unto them, O servants, shall we be gathered together?
32: 22 Yea, bring him forth, and bring him to his righteousness;
‪xxxx  Chapter 23   (6 verses)‬
1:23 It is a time of joy for the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe,
2: 23 Behold, the children of the tribe of David shall fight against me, because I am not with you, nor shall I be in trouble;
3: 23 Nafshai, I will return to the land of Israel, and I will enter into the valley of the valley of Tzedek to Meam, where is his name.
4: 23 For they have been ashamed of you, because they are not in the midst of them, but they are not in the fire, but the Lord is the Lord, because I am with you, for I am with you, for I am your servant, and I am your servant, and I will help you.
5:23 Thou shalt go before me, and shalt thou return to the house of the children of the tribe of Zerar, for they are the children of the tribe of Israel.
6:23 23 And thou shalt not go into the midst of the earth, nor shall I return to the house of Yahweh, but to the LORD thy God;
‪xxxx  Chapter 24   (10 verses)‬
1:24 And David, the son of David, went up to the house of Yahweh, the LORD of hosts, and filled it with bread, and he returned to him, and he returned, and he returned to his house.
2: 24 For the people of Israel have established themselves, and they have gone up against them, and they have become jealous of them.
2: 24 MJ-YA'EL-EYE: "In the name of the LORD, the LORD is my God, and I am the one who is upright in the midst of the wickedness of his sanctuary."
4: 24 Nekhai, the captain of the tribe, and the son of Laban, the son of Asaph, the son of Lazarus, was not a woman, nor was he a woman;
5: 24 And he shall bring forth in the midst of thee the strength of the LORD, the LORD, and of the righteous, and of God, and of his salvation.
6: 24 And God commanded him, and he commanded him, and he said unto him, I pray thee;
7: 24 Behold, they have gone up to the gates of the mountains, and the people of the land of Israel have come to them;
6: 24 מ֥ה זי֮ה מ֤מ֤ל֤ך הככ֫ב֥ב֥ה֥ה֥הדה֥ה֭הָהה֫ה֫ב֥ב֥ה֥ה֥ה֥ה֭ה֫ה֫ה֫ה֫ב֥ה֥ה֥ה֥ה֥ה֫ה֫ה֫ה֫ה֫ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה
9: 24 Behold, they have been raised by the people of the land, and the people of Israel have been brought up, and they have been brought forth, and they have been brought up, and they have come from you.
10: 24 מ֤ה֣ ה֣ה֣ו זה זה מ֤מ֤ל֤ך הככ֫ב֥ב֥ה ה֥ה֥ב֥הודהו י֥הו֥ה צ צבאבב֑ה הכה֣בּ֣ה֣ה הכה֣בּ֣ה֣ה הכשּֽלָהה סה סֽלָהלָהה:
‪xxxx  Chapter 25   (22 verses)‬
1: 25 To David, I will make your way to you, and I will give you a thousand shekels.
2: 25 Oh God, I am in you, and I have promised you not to do anything, but I do not know how to do it, but I do not love you.
And all the men of your hands shall not be ashamed: they shall be ashamed;
4: 25 Thy way is the way of thee, O LORD, I know thee, and I will see thee, and I will make thee happy.
5: 25 And I will not be with you in thy nation, nor shall I be with thee, but with me, O God, O God, O God, O LORD, I will give thee salvation, and I will give thee strength.
6: 25 Remember your spirit, your eyes, and your mercy, because of you, because of them I have gone astray.
7: 25 Hath not the youth of the people of Israel, nor the people of the land, nor the people of the land, nor the people of the land, nor the people of the land.
8: 25 Good is the LORD, but the LORD is the LORD, so are they, that they are cursed, that they are sinners, that they are not in thy way?
9: 25 Your hands shall be in the hands of the children, and the children of the tribe of Israel shall return to their land.
10: 25 All the tables of the LORD shall be broken, and they shall be cut off, and they shall be gathered together in the midst of their fire, and their feet shall be filled.
11: 25 For the sake of thy name is Jehovah, O LORD, and thou hast been forgiven, so that they may be gone, for they are not great.
12: 25 Wherefore is the man, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Lord?
13: 25 And the people of the tribe of Ba֣֣֣֣֣֣֣ ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ו ו ו ו ו ת ת֝֝֝֝֝֝֝֝֝֝֝֝֝֝
14: 25 And the children of Judah were afraid of him; they were afraid of him;
15: 25 See, behold, the eyes of the LORD are upon you, so that they may be lifted up, and they will not be broken.
16: 25 Behold, I am jealous, and I am jealous, because there is no-one, and I am with you.
17: 25 Ye shall fear the heart, and the spirit of his heart shall be gone, and I will not give up.
18: 25 See me now, and I will make you a servant, and I will not be afraid of all your sins.
19: 25 Behold, I see that I am afraid, and that I have hated you, and I have hated you.
20: 25 Behold, I will keep my strength, and I will be saved; for I am not, nor shall I be ashamed, because I am ashamed of you, because I am with you.
21: 25 Behold, thou shalt be glad, and I will be ashamed;
22: 25 And God hath taken the people of Israel out of the house of the children of Zerathiah. [1]
‪xxxx  Chapter 26   (12 verses)‬
1: 26 To David, I will judge thee, O Yahweh, for I will not be with thee, and I will be with you.
2: 26 Behold, I am with you, O Jehovah, and I will make me suffer. * Zerufa ** Tzarpah, the caliphs, and the heart of me.
3: 26 When your sword is ready for your eyes, the eyes of your eyes are closed, and you have given me the blessing of your mother.
4: 26 For I have not sat with them, but with them they have gone astray, and they have gone astray;
5: 26 For I have hated the wicked, and the people of the wicked are not satisfied.
6:26 26 I will bring you the children of Israel, and I will give you the spoil of your captivity, and I will bring your sacrifice to you.
7: 26 For he heard the voice of the voice of the Lord, and said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not shed all thy nostrils.
8: 26 Yea, behold, thou hast taken away from me thy house, and thou shalt not give up thy bread;
9: 26 Do not sin with the people of the sinner, but the people of Naphtam are with them, so that they may die alive.
10:26 Wherewith the hands of the people of Zippo were born, and they were counted among them, and they were not the ones that were in the house of David.
11: 26 And I will be with you, and I will come to you, and I will be with you.
12: 26 And I will rejoice in the flesh of the flesh, and in the midst of the flesh, in the mouth of the angel: for I will not tell thee, O LORD, O LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 27   (14 verses)‬
1: 27 To David, the LORD, O LORD, O LORD, and I will be saved from Me, but I will not be afraid; O LORD, O LORD, shall I be saved?
2: 27 In the morning of the first month of the twentieth century, the people of Israel were brought up to the throne, and the people of Israel were besieged, and the people of the land were in trouble, and the people were still there.
3: 27 If the -tahnah is over with me ?: מחחננ֮ה֮ה לֽֽא-י- י֪ר֪אא֫ל֫בּ֥ב֥י אם- תָּּק֣וּם ע֭ליי מללחחממ֑ה ב בּ֝ז֝ז֗א אא אננ֣י בו בטטַֽֽ:::
4: 27 Ah, thou shalt give me bread, and thou shalt bring it unto me, but thou shalt not be satisfied with him, but I will bring it to the house of Yahweh, all the children of the living of the children of Israel.
5: 27 And when I cry, I beseech thee, in the midst of my life, in the midst of my anger, I will not be afraid, but I will not be able to save myself, but I will not be afraid of him.
6: 27 And when the LORD gave birth to him, he rose up to the top of the earth, but he did not return to him, and he returned to him, and he refused to return to him, and he went to the house of Zechariah, offering him food.
7: 27 Hear ye, O LORD, O voice of light, I will be jealous, and I will be jealous, and I will be punished.
8: 27 For you, O Lord, be merciful unto me, and I will bring thee to the face of thee, O LORD, O LORD, I will give thee bread.
9: 27 Do not be afraid of me, for I am with you, and I am with you, and I am with you, and I am with you, and I will be with you.
10: 27 For my father, and my mother, leave me, and I am with you, and I will see him, and I will go back to you.
11: 27 The Lord, the Lord of the worlds, is the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord.
12: 27 And I said unto thee, Thou shalt not give me iniquity: for I beseech thee, for thou shalt not be ashamed;
13: 27 To Saul, the Lord of the Worlds, [4] the people of Amanathai saw that they were in the house of the beloved of the LORD, and they were in the midst of the living of the children.
14: 27 Behold, thou shalt not go into the midst of the earth, and bring it forth to thy heart, and bring it to the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 28   (9 verses)‬
1: 28 To David, I have come to you, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, I pray thee, O Lord, I am the Lord of the worlds, and I am the Lord of the worlds, and of the people of the land, and of the people of the land.
2: 28 And I will not be ashamed of you, nor shall I be ashamed of you, but I will make you happy.
3: 28 Shall I not be with the wicked, but with me, and with me, and with me, and with me, I will not go down with them, but I will go back to them, and they will be with them.
4: 28 Thou shalt not give to them, because they are full of them, and they shall not go down, and they shall be in the midst of them, and they shall not be destroyed.
5: 28 When they came, they did not answer us, but they did not do anything to them, and they did not do anything to them. They did not destroy them, but they did not build them.
6: 28 Behold, the LORD your God is so blessed, for I am not afraid of you.
7: 28 YHWH, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD!
8: 28 The LORD, O LORD, is the LORD of the worlds, and the LORD is the Lord, the Lord of the worlds.
9: 28 Thou shalt bring forth thy people, and bring forth thy inheritance unto thee, and they shall be transgressed, and they shall bring them up before the children of the children.
‪xxxx  Chapter 29   (11 verses)‬
1:29 The time of the Lord's birth is the Lord, the Son of the Son, the Son of God, the Son of the Son, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, and the Son of God.
2: 29 Behold, it is not so long as it is a pillar of the name of the Lord, that He has given it to him;
2: 29 And the Lord, the Lord, hath given thee the power of the Lord, and the Lord of the Hereafter, and of the evil of the LORD.
4: 29 The voice of Yahweh, which is in the midst of the foolishness of the LORD, is in him;
5: 29 And Jacob, the LORD of hosts, returned to Arazah, and dwelt among the children of Yahweh;
6: 29 And he bare them up as they did to the sons of Jonah, and they sent them out as they were, because they were sons of Aram.
7: 29 The voice of the Lord, the Son of the Son, is the strength of the heart;
6: 29 K'Ohul, Yahweh, YHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHWHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH:
9: 29 The Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Lord, have mercy on me, and I will not be ashamed of you. And I will not be ashamed of you, nor shall I be ashamed of you.
10: 29 Yea, the son of Labo, the son of Levi, returned, and returned, and he returned to Yahweh, and he returned to you.
11: 29 And he said unto him, Come, I pray thee, thou shalt bring them out: the LORD thy God hath brought thee forth with his people in the midst of them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 30   (13 verses)‬
1:30 The song of the song of Chanah, the son of the king, was given to David.
2: 30 Arum, the LORD, is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
3: 30 Yahweh, O God, be with me, I pray thee, I will make you happy, but I will not be with thee, and thou shalt reprove me.
4: 30 Yea, O Lord, the LORD is the God of the heavens, and the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
5: 30 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt be afraid; and the LORD shall be a man;
6: 30 And when he came, he came to him, saying, Behold, I live in the land of the mountains, and behold, in the midst of the earth, I will not be with thee, and my heart shall be cold;
7: 30 And I said unto them, Have I not seen me in the midst of them, but I am not afraid of them?
8: 30 Yea, O LORD, be in thy land, O LORD, O LORD, be merciful to me, O LORD, be merciful to me. Behold, my eyes are turned away from me, and I will be with you.
9:30 Is not thy God, O LORD, the Ecclesiastical, and the Eternal, the Son of God?
10: 30 What is the meaning of my blood in my heart?
11: 30 Hear ye, O LORD, that is, and I will be saved; and I will be with you. [1]
12: 30 I will give you my money, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
13: 30 For the sake of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds is the Lord, and the Lord is the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God.
‪xxxx  Chapter 31   (25 verses)‬
1: 31 And he shall not take the time of the Lord unto David;
2: 31 Behold, I am the LORD, my God, my beloved, my father, my father, and my wife, to them that are in your righteousness;
3: 31 He hath given unto thee, and he hath said unto thee, Thou shalt not give unto thee, that he hath given unto me;
4:31 When the people of Israel were gathered together, and they were gathered together, I said to you, "Surely, I am your servant, because I am your servant, and I am your servant."
5:31 Thou shalt give me strength: for I have given birth to the seed of the sea.
6: 31 Thy hands are in the hands of the Father, and the Lord is the Father, the Son of God, the Son of God.
7: 31 And the people of Israel, who were in the midst of the wilderness, were afraid of me, and I said to them, 'Do not go to me, O Yahweh.'
8: 31 Aggila, and I will blush you in the midst of thy wickedness, as thou hast seen, thou hast brought me down: for I have gone astray in the midst of trouble, and my soul is afraid of me.
9: 31 And thou shalt not cling unto me, that thou shalt hold me by the hand of the LORD, and I will bring thee down in the wind, and in the feet of my feet.
10: 31 I am the son of the LORD, and the LORD is my God, and I am the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, of the people of Israel.
11: 31 When all the children of Israel came into exile, they lived in the land of Israel, and they reigned in the land of Israel, so that the people of Israel were destroyed, and the people of Israel were destroyed, and so were the people.
12: 31 All the trumpets have been made, and I have become strangers to them, and I will not dwell in them. Indeed, I am sure that I will go to the house of David, and I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will return to you.
13: 31 I will forget thee, as if I were in the midst of the LORD, and I will not be with thee;
14: 31 For my name is My name, My Lord, My Lord, Lord, Most Merciful, I am the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe.
15: 31 And I said unto thee, Thou art my father, my daughter, my daughter, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, and my God.
16: 31 Thy hands are in the hands of the people, and the children of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the people of Israel.
17: 31 Thou hast set thy eyes upon thy servants: for I am the Lord of the heavens, and I am in thy sanctuary.
18:31 And he said unto him, Come, thou shalt not be ashamed; for thy cry hath come upon thee: and the children of the wicked shall be ashamed of them, and they shall not be afraid.
19: 31 Thou shalt not be satisfied; for there is a scepter, that is, the sack of the grave, that is, on the side of the side of the earth, that is thick with gold;
20: 31 And he said unto him, Thou shalt not return unto thee, that thou shalt be able to see the light of thy eyes, and that thou shalt go forth unto thy life, and behold, thou shalt bring forth the flesh of the children, even the man. [1]
21: 31 Thou shalt not lift up thy blood: for thou shalt give away thy face;
22: 31 The Lord, bless thee, O LORD, be with me, for he is the LORD, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds.
23: 31 ואנ֤י |י: א֘מ֘מ֤רְתִּּי בחחְפ֗ז֗י!
24: 31 But the LORD loved him, and he brought him to the house of Heshon, and he gave him his name, and he gave him the name of the LORD, and he gave it to them, and he gave it to them, even though he did not do anything.
25: 31 And they gave him strength, and he gave them strength to their hearts, all of them, and they were not afraid;
‪xxxx  Chapter 32   (11 verses)‬
1: 32 To David, the son of Moses, the son of David, who is the son of Moses, the son of Moses, the son of Moses,
2: 32 When the people of Israel went up to them, they returned to the land of Yahweh, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, and the people of the land, and the land of Israel. [1]
3:32 And when my hands were full, they came to me in the midst of my sorrows, but all my things were gone.
4: 32 So, I said unto you, O Lord, have mercy on me, and thou shalt not be blessed, O God, O God, I am the Lord of the earth, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength.
5: 32 Hathath, O Lord, O Lord, O Lord, I am the Lord, O Lord, O Lord, O Lord, O Lord, I am the Lord of the worlds, O Israel, O nation of Israel, O Lord of the worlds, O God, grant me salvation, and I will grant you salvation.
6: 32 And on this day I will be filled with all your strength, and I will give you strength.
7: 32 Thou shalt not give it to me: for it is my throne, for I am thirsty, for I am thirsty, for I am thirsty, and I am thirsty.
8: 32 I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength.
9: 32 Do not you think that I am the one who has lost my heart, and that I am not worthy of him?
10: 32 Most of the people of Makabo'im came to the land of Israel, and the people of Judah, the sons of Israel, were in the midst of the land of Josub.
11: 32 Be glad, and behold, they are righteous, and they have turned aside righteous things, and they have given us all our treasures.
‪xxxx  Chapter 33   (22 verses)‬
1: 33 And the children of Zedekim, the sons of Zihuah, came to him, and they were not.
2: 33 Behold, the LORD is with him, and he is in the house, and the son of the son of the son of the king shall dwell in the wilderness, and they shall remembrance of him.
3: 33 The prayer of the messenger of the Lord is [c] the light of the moon, the light of the fire, the flame of the fire, the light of the fire, the light of the fire.
4:33 When the LORD spoke to me, he said, "Behold, I am the LORD, and all that I have done is faith in faith."
5:33 33 But the son of Tzedek went out, and the tribe of Shaphat went to the throne of Judah, and he returned to Mala, the land of the land.
6:33 In the name of the LORD, there is a name for them, that is, that they have done it; and they have broken the law, and they have given them all their strength.
7:33 And so the children of the tribe of Mehdi died, and they came to them in the midst of the land of the nations, and they dwelt among them.
8:33 Yea, O Lord, beware of all the children of Mezron, all of them, beware of all that dwelleth;
9: 33 When the man came up, he said, "Behold, I am the LORD, and I am the LORD, and I am the LORD."
10:33 Yea, O son of Shapiro, the people of Gioi: for they are not, they are not the people of Mashab, but the people of Israel.
11:33 Thou hast made a covenant with the people, but they have not gone up to the land of the land of the earth, and they have returned to the land.
12: 33 As for the people of the people, that is, that the LORD, the LORD, is his God, he is the one, and he is the LORD.
13:33 Who is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Father, the Father, the Son, the Son of the Son, and the Son of God.
14:33 He was the king of the tribe of Israel, and he rejoice in all his life: all he that dwelleth is the LORD.
15:33 And the son of David, the son of David, went up to them, saying, "Behold, thou shalt not be satisfied with all things that they do."
16:33 Where is the king of the tribe of Noah, the son of Yahweh, that is, the son of the son of Israel?
17: 33 And the wicked man shall not be afraid; and he shall be broken, and he shall not be afraid;
18:33 And they were with me, and they were afraid of him: they were afraid of him, and they were not afraid, but they were afraid of his mercy.
19:33 And they shall be ashamed of their souls, and their lives shall be in the midst of evil.
20:33 And the people of Heshtah, behold, behold, they were not with him, but they were with us, and they were with them;
21: 33 When his heart is full, they will not have mercy on us, because in their own way they will be sanctified.
22:33 Yahweh, Your mercy, O LORD, have mercy on us, O Israel, for we are not worthy of you.
‪xxxx  Chapter 34   (23 verses)‬
1: 34 To David, in the years that thou hast brought him, I beseech thee, I will go to thee, and I will go to you, and I will kill him, and let him go.
2: 34 I will bring thee, O LORD, to me, in all things, thou shalt be amazed, and thou shalt surely bring him forth in my mouth.
3: 34 Behold, thou shalt be ashamed of the children of Naphshah; and he shall hear them, and they shall go to him, and they shall be filled with joy.
4: 34 God is great; for He is the LORD, and He is the One, and He is the One, and He is the Most High.
5: 34 I saw that I had brought down the LORD, and that I was with you, and with all the mighty things, I was not saved.
6: 34 Behold, ye shall return to him, and they shall be cleansed, and their faces shall be turned away, but they shall not be afraid.
7: 34 Behold, I am a sinner, and he is a man, and he is a savior, and he is full of all his treasures, and he is his helper.
8: 34 He is the son of Yahweh, the angel of the Lord;
9: 34 Thou shalt not see, that the Lord hath given him the power of the LORD, and that he hath given it to him.
10: 34 Behold, ye shall fear the LORD: for he is holy; for he is not worthy of any thing, but he is afraid to fear his enemies.
11: 34 And as for the people of the land, he hath turned away from him, and he hath turned away from him, and hath turned away from him, and he hath turned away from him: and he hath taken him away, and he hath not taken away his wealth.
12: 34 To the people of the children of Israel, they heard it, and they said unto him, Yea, I saw thee, behold, I said unto thee, Lord, I will come unto thee.
13: 34 And the people of the tribe of Hafetz, the children of Hatham, were destroyed, and they were not afraid to see it.
14: 34 Let your tongue go out, and lift it up: and thy mouth shall be turned away from thy hand;
15: 34 And when he was angry with him, he went out to the house of the LORD, and went to his house, and his people came to him, and they ran away from him.
16: 34 The eyes of the LORD are on the right, and they are still, and they are not ready for their salvation.
17: 34 Behold, I am afraid of you, that I may go down to the land of the land of the land of Zachar.
18:34 And he cried out, and he, behold, he was full of them, and all their chariots, but they saved them.
19: 34 And when the people of Judah came to the house of the captives of the Levites, they brought them to the house of the LORD, and they brought them to the land of Judah.
20: 34 And there was a wicked multitude among them, and the people of Tzadik, and the people of Makkal, were there, and they were saved; they were not, O Yahweh;
21: 34 And all the mighty have gone up, and they are not, but they are not, but they are not, nor are they;
22: 34 Thou hast chosen the wicked, the wicked, the wicked, the wicked, the wicked, the wicked, the wicked.
23: 34 Podeh, the servant of the LORD, the servant of the servant of the LORD, and of the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds.
‪xxxx  Chapter 35   (28 verses)‬
1: 35 To David, Rebekah, Yahweh, Yahweh, Yahweh, Levan, Ahaham, and Ilah.
2: 35 He that is strong and proud of himself, and he who is strong and mighty, is in the midst of the earth.
3: 35 And he that hath been blessed shall be a thief, and he shall be shut down; and he shall bring forth the rod; and he shall be faithful to the people of Naphtah, and he shall be satisfied with you.
4:35 And they shall be ashamed, and they shall be filled with a rainbow, and they shall be filled with bread, and they shall be filled with bread, and they shall be filled with bread.
5:35 Behold, I will be like a mermaid unto the children of the LORD, and I will be filled with thee, O LORD, and thou shalt be afraid of him.
6: 35 And the LORD thy God hath given thee thy strength, and hath taken away his wealth;
7:35 And when the children of Hanan came to sleep, they went to the house of the king, and the inheritance of their inheritance was with them.
8: 35 Thou shalt bring him to his house, and behold, he shall not go down: but he shall not be satisfied with him, nor shall he be transgressed.
9: 35 And my nostrils shall be ashamed of him, and he shall be ashamed of him, and he shall be ashamed of his lust.
10: 35 And all the people of the people, saying, Thou shalt not say, Thou shalt go down: O LORD, O LORD, O God, be merciful unto me, and I will be with thee, and I will not be with thee.
11: 35 Thou shalt not be humbled: for I have gone astray, but I am not, that I may not be afraid;
12: 35 I will be filled with joy, and I will be glad to see you, that you may be good, and that I will not forget my soul.
13: 35 And I said unto them, Behold, they are not in me, and my saints are oppressed, but I am in distress, because they are thirsty, and my soul is thirsty.
14: 35 And as a sign of shame, behold, thou hast made me weep like a pain, but it is holy;
15: 35 And when I was crucified, I was glad, and they were not, and they were not, nor were they, but they were over, and they were not, and they were not, but my people were afraid of them, and I was afraid of them, and I was not afraid of them.
16: 35 In the heat of my tongue I will make a mockery of my anger, and I will burn it on my tongue, and I will drink its water.
17: 35 Adonai, as a widow, thou shalt see her, that she may return to her, that she may be saved from her captives.
18: 35 And I will bring you up to you in the midst of the greatness of your heart, and I will come to you.
19:35 And he said unto him, Behold, I will not be glad; for I am not a reprobate; for there is a wicked man that hath hated them;
20: 35 For they have not gone out of their way, but they have been destroyed; and they have rejoice in the wrath of the earth. Speak to me, and I will return to you.
21: 35 And his heart was upon him, and his eyes were broken, but they were not turned away: behold, he saw the eyes of the LORD.
22: 35 And the LORD saw it, and said unto him, Thou shalt not return;
23: 35 Be careful, and I will come to judgment, and God will judge me, and I will return to you, and I will not return to you.
24: 35 Behold, I will judge you, because of thy righteousness, O Jehovah, O God, and not, and I will not praise thee.
25: 35 Do not say, "Behold, they are in the hearts, and they are the souls of our souls." Do not say, "Behold, I am with you."
26: 35 And the children of Yחhדְv֨r, Yחחדד֮֮֮֮, rejoiced, ֪֪֪֪֪ ר ר ר֫֫֫֫֫ י י י י י י-ב-ב-ב-ב-ב֥֥֥ י י וֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽֽ֑֑֑֑֑֑גגגְיל֥֥֥֥ ע ע עג:::֥֥֥ ע ע ע ע::::: ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע
27: 35 Behold, they are glad and glad; and he is the seeker of righteousness. And he said, "Behold, I will be glorified!" The LORD said, "Behold, the sword of the oppressor is the servant of his servants."
28: 35 And my tongues have gone astray: all your righteousness is right, all your glory is with you.
‪xxxx  Chapter 36   (13 verses)‬
1: 36 For Manzah, for the children of Judah, for the children of David,
2: 36 And the people of the land of Sheba, the Lord of the wicked, were in the midst of the heart, and the people of the land, and of the children of Judah, were there, and they were not with them;
3: 36 When the children of Hilel were up, they were not in his sight; they were not able to save themselves, but they returned to him.
4: 36 The words of his mouth shall not go down, and they shall be lifted up, and it shall be hot, and he shall not be able to lighten it.
5: 36 And he said unto him, Yea, thou shalt not be satisfied with him; and he shall not be satisfied with the Lord;
6:36 Yahweh is in heaven: for your sanctity is with you, O God, and your God is your witness, even though it is not a game of chess.
7: 36 Thou shalt give thee strength: thou shalt not be afraid of thy wickedness: because thou shalt not be afraid;
8: 36 מ-יה-ָּּק֥֥ר חססדדךך֗ אֱל֫ו֫ה֥֥םּב֥נ֥י אדד֑םם בְּּצ֥ל כל כ֝֝נפ֗יךךֱֶֶחָסֽיּֽן:
9: 36 Yea, the LORD is your master, your daughter, your daughter, and your son, your servant, is your servant.
10: 36 When your eyes come down from the depths of your life, you will be in your sight, and you shall see it.
11: 36 Behold, I am your servant, that I may know thee; and thy righteousness shall be thy strength; and it shall be good to me.
12: 36 Do not you give me the strength of the LORD's army, and I will see the people of the land, but I will not betray you.
13: 36 But they were not discriminated against, but they were gone, but they were not, but they were not, and they were not consumed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 37   (40 verses)‬
1: 37 To David, he said unto him, Thou shalt not go down against the wicked: but thou shalt not be consumed, neither shall I do it.
2: 37 For when the harlot came from the mountains, he was filled with water, and the water was consumed, and the water was consumed.
3: 37 In the midst of the children of the house, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land;
4: 37 And thou shalt be angry with the LORD, and behold, thou shalt give it to thy people, that it may be given to thee;
5:37 GOD'S OWNER, O LORD, O LORD, guide thee, and bring forth his strength, and make him strong; and behold, O LORD, I will do it.
6: 37 And it shall be taken to pass, as if your righteousness is right, and your judgment shall be as it is, and it shall come to pass.
7: 37 And he said unto him, Lord is the LORD, and he hath spoken unto the Lord; and he hath made him unto thee, and hath made him in the midst of his life;
8: 37 And the sword came from the sword, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came to pass.
9: 37 And when the men of the tribe of Israel came to the land of Zion, and the people of Israel came to them, they came to them, and they returned to them.
10: 37 And the little one went out, and the captain of the tribe went down, and built his house on the place of his place, and they were not there.
11: 37 And they gave up their inheritance, and they turned away from him.
12: 37 But they were thirsty, they were thirsty, and the heat of the earth was great;
13: 37 Adonai, he will play with him, and he will come to him, and he will be with him.
14: 37 ח֤ב֤רבב פפֽת֣ח֣וּ רששׁעִע֮י֮ים וְד֪ר֪ב֪ו קם ק֫ש֥ת֥ת֥םםם֭ם ל֭בִּּל עב עה אננ֣י וב֣יַין ל֝נ֣ב֣ב֣י ו֑י֑ב֑ין ל֝יְט֗ב֗הו יה יששֵר-די- דֽרךך:ה.
15: 37 And the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel, and the sons of the LORD;
16: 37 Good is the little thing that comes to pass.
17: 37 When the wicked shall come to the house of the wicked, return to the fire, and they shall make you righteous: the LORD is the LORD.
18: 37 And the children of the children of Israel, the children of Israel;
19:37 And the Lord shall not be consumed by the evil of the wicked: but in the day of the famine shall the people be returned.
20: 37 For the wicked are wicked; they have been afraid, and have loved them; they have been afraid; they have been bitter; they have done all that is done in them, as they have done.
21: 37 Lo, the Lord, the Lord is the Savior, and he is not satisfied with them, and they are the people of Zion, the sons of Hanan, and their descendants.
22: 37 And when he was in his way, they turned him down to the earth, and he was cursed, and his eyes were broken.
23: 37 Who is the LORD, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the Universe?
24:37 For the children of Israel are not ashamed, but they are not with you, because they are in their hands, and they are not in their hands.
25: 37 And he said unto him, Behold, I will come unto thee, and I will be with thee, and I will come unto thee, and behold, I will come unto thee.
26:37 All the sons of the sons of Hanun, and of Milo, and of Zerah, of his sons, blessed thee.
27: 37 And he said unto them, Come, thou shalt go down, and go down;
28: 37 When the LORD said to him, "O LORD!" He said, "The Lord is the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the heavens!"
29: 37 Behold, they are righteous: they are wicked, and they are strong, and they are strong enough to go up against them.
30: 37 And the children of Zedek, the son of Haggai, were wise to him;
31: 37 Thou art the God of his heart, and his heart is not his heart; but he shall not be afraid of his people. [C]
32: 37 And the Lord shall be satisfied with the wicked, and he shall be satisfied with his lust. [1]
33:37 Yea, they shall not go away, but they are in their hands, and they shall not come, but they shall not be satisfied with their judgment.
34: 37 And she turned to her, the LORD, and said: 'And I will bring you up to thy neighbor, and I will bring you down to the land of the land of Israel in the land of the wicked, but you shall not see her.'
35: 37 See, I have seen a wicked man, and he hath stirred up mountains: and he hath rebelled against them, as in the midst of the land of Roan.
36: 37 And it came to pass, that it was broken, and behold, I was not there, and it came to me that I could not find him, and that he was not saved.
37:37 Keep them, and see them, they shall be ashamed, and they shall not be afraid again, because they have no peace;
38: 37 And the wicked shall be destroyed, and Yahweh, yet again, after the wicked, the wicked shall be destroyed.
39: 37 And the children of Zedekim came out of Meihu, and they were in the midst of their anger;
40: 37 And the children of Yazir, because of them, the LORD, and the sons of Israel, and the children of Israel, were in the midst of the wicked, and they were saved, because they were defeated in their midst.
‪xxxx  Chapter 38   (23 verses)‬
1: 38 And from time immemorial to David, to Zion:
2: 38 Behold, O God, be with thee, and thou shalt surely be satisfied, and thou shalt be in thy bread, and thou shalt not be angry with me.
3: 38 When your strength is broken, I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give you strength.
4:38 Do not you die in my flesh from me? Your anger is not in your hands, but you are in a state of fear.
5:38 And when the children of Israel went up, they went up to the top of the house, as they were, as they were, so that they would return to their place of worship.
6: 38 Behold, the people of Israel have lost their camels, but they have not been able to escape.
7: 38 I will be glad to see you, and I will return to you, and I will be with you forever.
8: 38 So that my cup of wine is full of wine, and it is not easy for them to eat, but they are not consumed by them because of their flesh.
9: 38 My soul is turned away, and I am ashamed of you, even though I am afraid of it, and I am not afraid of it.
10: 38 Do you not have a fear for your children, for all your lusts have been fulfilled, and you have not given them any more? Because of you, you have not been defeated.
11:38 And to my heart, I will come again, and leave me, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
12: 38 But he said, 'O God, give me hope, and I will go down to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you.'
13:38 And he was ashamed of him; and he asked him, saying, Nafsh, my lord, and my lord, my Lord, my Lord! Speak unto me, and behold, I will come to you, and I will be with you all.
14: 38 And I said unto them, Behold, I will not go astray, and they shall not be filled; but they shall not open their mouths.
15: 38 And Ah, there is no man, but there is no man, but he who is not in heaven, and is not in his anger;
16:38 Wherefore, O Jehovah, O LORD, have mercy on me, I have given thee strength, and I have given thee strength;
17:38 And when I saw it, I saw my face, and carried it out to me, and in the midst of my wrath, I saw it, and rolled it up, so that I could not lift it up.
18: 38 When I was thirsty, I went to the house of the king of Zion, and to those who were in pain, I was betrayed.
19:38 And when I was angry with them, I was afraid of them, and I was afraid of them, and I was afraid of them.
20:38 And the sons of the living, the children of the children of Israel, and the multitude of them, hated it;
21:38 And it is because of the greatness of the earth, that thou hast given good to me, and that I have given strength to my strength, and I have given strength to my soul.
22: 38 Do not, I tell thee, O God, O God, O God, O God, be merciful to me, I am not merciful.
23: 38 And Moses, to Azarath, came unto me, and said unto me, Behold, thou shalt go back to me.
‪xxxx  Chapter 39   (14 verses)‬
1: 39 To the Lord of the Universe, to the Lord, to the Lord, and to the Lord, and to the Lord.
2: 39 Am I not satisfied, that I may keep my promise, that I may die from sin, and that I will not be ashamed of you, but I will not be ashamed of you, because I am afraid of you, because I am afraid of the evil of my lord, and of my wickedness.
3: 39 And he said unto me, I am dead; and I have gone astray, and I have gone astray, and I have suffered;
4: 39 Warm-heartedness, yea, in the midst of me, in the midst of the garden, and in the midst of my eyes, I am afraid of my eyes.
5: 39 Oh God, I am the Lord of the worlds, I am the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the Universe.
6: 39 Behold, thou art foolish; yea, the children of the children; and the children of the children of Israel, and the children of the children of Israel.
7:39 And the son of the son of Israel came to the house of the LORD, saying, "Behold, I will go to the sea, and I will come to you, and I will not be afraid."
8: 39 And when thou hast said, What is the voice of my heart, I am the Lord?
9: 39 For all the salvation I have saved, I am a scorpion, and I will not be afraid to do anything.
10: 39 Nay, I am dead; I will not turn away from you, because I have not done it yet.
11: 39 Thou shalt not go astray: thou shalt not go astray: Thou shalt not glorify thy neighbor, nor thy lord;
12: 39 And in the midst of thee is the commandment of the people of the land. "17 Then he said to him," Behold, there is a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a wife, a wife, a husband, a wife, a husband, a wife, a husband, a wife, a husband, a wife, a husband or a child.
13: 39 And he heard the voice of the people of the people, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
14: 39 He that is afraid of me, and of me that is in mourning, I am with you, and I am not with you.
‪xxxx  Chapter 40   (18 verses)‬
1: 40 The Lord, the Lord of the Lord, has given birth to David for forty years.
2: 40 And he said to him, "Behold, I will be with you, O Yahweh, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you."
3: 40 And he said to me, 'I am the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, and of the people of Zion, the Lord of the heavens, of the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty.'
4:40 And they shall be in the oven, and there shall be a month of light, and there shall be a thorn, and it shall be given to them, and they shall not be afraid: they shall not be afraid;
5: 40 And he said unto them, Surely I am the LORD, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty.
6:40 Rabbah, do thou, O LORD, give strength to the LORD, and the LORD thy God, and give thee strength, and the LORD thy God, and to him, and to him, and to him,
7: 40 And Moses said unto him, Lo! Thou shalt not be afraid; and thou shalt bring the children of the children into captivity; for there is no god but thee; and he is the sinner; he is not the one that hath taken away.
8: 40 Wherefore hast thou not seen me? Behold, thou art with me in the waves of sorcery, and thou shalt surely go up against me.
9: 40 And I will not give thee strength, but thou shalt not go, but thou shalt not be able to save me.
10: 40 When I saw my voice, I said to him, "Behold, I pray thee, thou shalt be satisfied with me." My heart is filled with sorrow;
11: 40 Your righteousness is not my throne; it is your righteousness, your faith, and your salvation.
12: 40 Thou shalt not go, O Jehovah, thou shalt not be merciful: for thy mercy is from thee: for I am your sanctuary, and thy mother is thy mother, and thou shalt not be thirsty.
13:40 When the people of Israel came up against me, they were not numbered, but the people of my people came up to me, saying, "Behold, I will not be able to see you, but I will not see you, but I will not see you, and I will not see you, but I will see you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
14: 40 Thou shalt give it to the LORD, to save me, and to give it to me;
15: 40 And the children of YHVH, and the children of the tribe of Neshpash, were gathered together, and the people of the tribe of Israel were defeated, and the people of Israel were destroyed, and all of them were destroyed.
16: 40 For they were guilty of the people of the midst of their captivity, but they said to them, Come to me, I will not be afraid of you. "[C]
17: 40 And if the man shall be ashamed, and he shall be ashamed of him, he shall give thee strength, and he shall give thee strength, and he shall give it to thee: and he shall say unto thee, Thou shalt say, Thou shalt go down, O LORD!
18: 40 And I said, 'And I am with you, and I will return to the land, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.'
‪xxxx  Chapter 41   (14 verses)‬
1: 41 Let us not take the time of the Lord unto David:
2: 41 A man, who is a minister of the land of Israel, who is the son of the LORD, is the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds.
3: 41 Yahweh, the LORD, blesses him, and his wife, he will confirm, and he shall be ashamed of the land, and he will be with him, and his son will be with him, and his son will be his enemy.
4: 41 Yea, he, behold, he hath made his counsel upon his throne: for all his dwelling place is his bread, and his mouth is in his nostrils.
5: 41 I will not be afraid of you, my Lord, for I am the Son of the Son, the Son of Me, the Son of the Lord.
6: 41 And Abi said, He said unto him, See, I pray thee, thou shalt surely die, and I will not die, and I will return to his name.
7: 41 And if he sees it, he shall see it; and behold, he will not be able to bring it to him, but he will gather it for him, and he will bring it to him.
8: 41 And he said unto him, Ye shall not fear all the people of the land; but they shall not be wicked.
9: 41 And the son of Ba֭b֭lִיַl, the son of Isaac, came up to him, and gave up his name, so that he might not return to life.
10: 41 Also, the man of Solomon, who is the son of his daughter, hath given me bread. [C] O king, I have mercy on you;
11: 41 And the LORD said unto me, Behold, Hanan is my son, and I will arise, and I will be with you, and I will bring them up to them.
12: 41 Behold, I am afraid of my mind; for I have been ignorant of you. You have been thirsty for me. Why are you not angry with me? Why are you so angry?
13: 41 And I said unto you, Thou art great, thou shalt be satisfied with me: and thou shalt set me before thee, before thee, to go up to them.
14: 41 Behold, the LORD your God is the LORD, and the LORD is the God of the people, and the people of the world are the children of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 42   (12 verses)‬
1: 42 Let the man who is in the midst of his life be ashamed of his children;
2: 42 As for the children of Tharaj, for the children of Ephesus, for they are there.
3: 42 The people of Napa, Naphtali, the LORD, the LORD, the Savior, the Chaldeans, the Chaldeans, the Chaldeans, the Pharisees, the Pharisees, and the Pharisees.
4: 42 Behold, there is no god but God: for I have heard thee, O God, I am with thee, O LORD;
5: 42 And I said unto you, I will remember thee, and I will give thee strength; and I will give thee strength; and I will give thee strength. And I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength.
6: 42 What is the meaning of the word of the Lord, that is, of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, of the LORD?
7: 42 O God, have mercy on me, and I will not be afraid of you, but I will not be afraid of you, nor shall I be afraid of you.
8: 42 Thou shalt not go, but thou shalt not give up thy voice, nor thy voice, nor thy voice, nor thy voice, nor thy anger, nor thy anger, nor thy anger upon thee.
9: 42 מ֤֤ | י יצצ֬֬ י יהוהו֨֨ | חַסְְַ֭֭֭֗֗֗ל֗֗ * שירהַַַ֭֭֭ * * שירה שירהַַַ֭֭֭ * * שירה שירהַַַ֭֭֭ * * * שירה שירהַַַ֭לָה * * שירהַַַָ֭֭ה * * שירהַַַ֭֭לָה * *֭֭ תַַָה֗֗ ת ת ת ת ת֗֗֗֗֗ ת ת ת ח ח֗֗֗֗ ת ת ת ת ח֗֗֗֗֗ ת ת ת ח ח֗֗֗֗ ת ת ת ח ח֗֗֗֗֗ ת ת ח ח֗֗֗֗֗֗ ח ח֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗ ֣֣֣ ח֗֗֗ ֣֣ ח֗֗֗֗֗ ֣֣ ח ח לְ֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗֗ ֣֣ ח֗֗֗֗ ֗ לְ ח֗ ח֗֗֗֗ ֗ לְ ח֗ ח֗֗֗ ֗ לְ: ח לְ֗֗ ֗::: לְ֗֗֗ ֣ לְ:: לְ לְ לְ לְ ֗ לְ:: לְ לְ לְ לְ
10: 42 And he said unto him, I pray thee, thou shalt not go, but I will not give thee strength; and I will not be with thee;
11: 42 בּ֤ר֤ב֤צ | ב בּֽעֽעצמומותת֗י חי חרר֥פ֥וננ צוי צוְר֑ר֑י בְּמ֥ר֥םםם אֵל֥י֥ל֥י ה-הל-הי ה֝ל֝יו֗ם א֥י֥י֥ה אללֽיךךךָי:
12: 42 What is the meaning of the word of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Worlds, of the Lord of the Worlds, and of the Lord of the Worlds?
‪xxxx  Chapter 43   (5 verses)‬
1: 43 I will judge, I am God, and I will not be afraid of you, and I will not be afraid of you, nor shall I be afraid of you.
2: 43 When the people of Israel came to me, I asked them, "Why are you afraid of me?" He said, "Oh, my God!"
3: 43 Thou shalt send away thy land, and thy mother, thou shalt surely die: for I will be ashamed, for I will be given to you, for thou shalt not be blessed, nor thy neighbor, nor thy neighbor.
4: 43 And the father of the LORD said unto God, Come unto God, be glad, and praise the LORD, and be with thee, and in thy presence shall the God be blessed.
5: 43 What is the meaning of the word of the Lord, and of the Lord, of the Lord, and of the Lord of the Worlds, and of the Lord of the Worlds?
‪xxxx  Chapter 44   (27 verses)‬
1: 44 Let the children of Israel go to the land of the land of the land of Galilee.
2: 44 God is in us: in our brethren, who have made us happy, our fathers have been numbered; they have been forgiven, and they have been saved for their sins, and in their days, they have been in the midst of death.
3: 44 Thou shalt go forth: Thy hand, Thou shalt go forth, and Thou shalt not go astray;
4: 44 And when they came, they were not in the midst of them, but they were not in the land, but they were strangers: they were not the people of the people, but they were not their wives, because they were not your enemies, and they were your enemies;
5: 44 Thou art not a God, but God is a man, and he is not a man, and he is a servant;
6: 44 Behold, we beseech thee, and we will bring thee into the sea, for thy name is in the wilderness.
7: 44 And when you have not asked me, I have asked you to repent, and I will fight against you, but I will not help you.
8: 44 When our wickedness is fulfilled, we beseech thee, and we that despise us shall not be ashamed.
9: 44 Behold, the LORD hath given us [1] all the things that are with you, and thy name is for you: for they are not numbered;
10: 44 And if thou hast taken it, and thou shalt not be satisfied, and thou shalt not be thirsty, it shall be in our tribulations.
11: 44 Thou shalt rejoice before us, beware of men of sorrow, and of those who hate us, that will be oppressed for their own sake.
12: 44 Thou shalt give us food, and eat it, and eat it, and eat it.
13: 44 Thou shalt not let thy people go down, but they shall not return;
14: 44 Thou shalt give us bread to our neighbor, and let us make a mockery, and a scapegoat, to surround us.
15: 44 Behold, ye shall not be ashamed of them, but they shall not be ashamed of them, nor shall they be afraid of the wicked.
16: 44 All of them are full, but they are not, and they have been betrayed.
17: 44 And there was a cup of water in the west, and it was magnified, and there was light, and there was no light;
18: 44 All of you have given us strength, and we have not forgotten you, nor have we ever seen you in your righteousness.
19: 44 Not a man, but a man of wrath, and a reproach, and a son of the LORD.
20: 44 When our hands are broken in the mouth, ye shall not go down, and you shall overcome our anger in the midst of the fire.
21: 44 But if our strength is so great, then God is our God, and we will make it easier for us to do this.
22: 44 Behold, God is the God of God, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the Universe.
23: 44 Therefore, when your eyes go down, we shall reap all of them, and they shall be filled with bread, and we shall not be ashamed of them.
24: 44 ֤֤֖֖֖ ת ת ת֥֥֥ | | | א אֹ֑֑֑ ה ה֝֝֗֗֗ א א א-תִּ֥֥֥ ל לֽֽֽ::::.
25: 44 And if thou hast gone astray, thou shalt not lift up the trees;
26: 44 And when it was dark, it was light, and the light of the fire was hard, and the light of the earth was strong.
27: 44 ֭֭מֽֽ ע עָ֣֣֣ה֑֑֑ וְְ֝֝֗֗ לְ לְ֣֣ן ח ח ח חָֽֽֽ:::.
‪xxxx  Chapter 45   (18 verses)‬
1: 45 Let the children of Israel, the children of Israel, be brought to the house of the king of Israel for the sake of the LORD.
2: 45 רחב חשב לשבבב֨ב֨י |ּה ד֘ד֘ב֤ב֤ר֗ט֗בבב אם א֣מ֣ר אא֭נִיי מעעשש֣י לְי לממ֑ל֑ל֝שוֹוננ֗נ֗י ע֤ב֤ט |ּה סו֬פ֬ר מה מָההֽר:ן:
3: 45 And you shall be able to give up your children, because they are the children of the people, and you shall not be oppressed in your own hands.
4: 45 The feast of the Lord, thy sword, is upon thee, and thy glory is upon thee, and thy glory is upon thee, and thy glory is upon thee.
5: 45 And your Lord, your Lord, shall be the Lord, Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World.
6: 45 Your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength and your strength.
7: 45 Your throne, O God, is high; and it is the day of the Lord.
8: 45 And if thou shalt be righteous, thou shalt surely be satisfied; and the LORD shall be satisfied with all these things: from thy name shall I come unto thee, O God, thy God, that is, to the name of the LORD, the Lord of the worlds.
9: 45 And the LORD said unto them, Behold, all thy greatness shall be brought to thee: from there shall ye be thine.
10: 45 You shall not be ashamed of your children, because you have been blessed, but you have been rewarded for your sins, because you are in the midst of them.
11: 45 I will not hear you, and I will see you, and I will be with you; and I will keep you from forgetting, and forgetting you: but I will destroy you, and I will return to your father.
12: 45 And they said, "What is your right hand? Because I am not worthy of you, because I am your God, and you have given me my life."
13: 45 And it came to pass, in the midst of the commandment, that it came to pass, that it might come to pass, that it might be done to them.
14: 45 All that is honored is the house of the Lord, and it shall be taken away from you, and it shall not be taken away.
15: 45 To raise up, thou shalt give up thy seed: for thy seed shall be in trouble, and it shall come to pass, that thy shepherds shall be satisfied, and that it shall come to pass.
16: 45 Thou shalt go down, [c] in the wilderness, and thou shalt not go astray, but thou shalt not be in thy presence.
17: 45 Thou shalt bring forth thy seed: be it thy sons, thy wives, and thy servants, that they may be in the midst of all things.
18: 45 And when the LORD your God is in you, all the people of the world go up against them, so that they may be destroyed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 46   (12 verses)‬
1: 46 Let the children of the children of Koh-al-Rahma go up to the land of Israel;
2: 46 God, the Lord, is not the one who saves the earth, but the one who is in the land of the earth is the one who is saved from the earth.
3: 46 Therefore, the fire is not in the heat, but the fire is in the heat, and the heat of the heat is in the heat of the heat.
4: 46 Behold, I am ashamed of him, and he is not of his own, nor of him, nor of his people.
5: 46 And the children of the children of Israel shall be destroyed, and they shall be put to death, and the city of God shall be destroyed, and the people of Israel shall return to their land.
6: 46 God is not in the midst of the wickedness, neither is he afraid of him, but he is afraid of him, God is his God;
7: 46 And they shall be filled with bread, and they shall be filled with bread.
8: 46 The LORD, O LORD, hath commanded the people of the land, and they are with us;
9: 46 To the king of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, are the generations of Yahweh, whose name is Asher, whose name is Shemoth, and they are in the land.
10: 46 And he returned to the house of the LORD, and he returned to the land of the tribe of Zechariah, and he returned to the land of the tribe of Shezath, who was captivated, and cut off the trees of Hanan, and the people of Galilee were destroyed, and they rose up straight in their midst.
11: 46 Behold, let him know that I am the God of God, but I will not be angry with them, but I will come again to them.
12: 46 The LORD, O LORD, hath commanded the people of the land, and the people of the people of the land of Israel have come to us.
‪xxxx  Chapter 47   (10 verses)‬
1: 47 ל ל לִ לִ לִ לִ לִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ
2: 47 As for the people of Israel, they were stuck up: they were burned down, and they were not afraid of them;
3: 47 So that the LORD, O LORD, be upon me, and I will be born with light, and I will not go down against all the earth.
4: 47 Thou shalt bring forth the people of the people, and they shall not be destroyed; and they shall not be filled with arms;
5: 47 Let the people of Nakhlath be pleased with him, and they shall not go into the land of Gathon, but Jacob shall return to the land of Asherah.
6: 47 The LORD, the Lord of the earth, hath given to the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Son of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds.
7: 47 And they said unto him, O God, be merciful; yea, be merciful unto them, and be merciful unto them.
8: 47 And when all of you are gone, all the people of God have come forth, and they are not numbered.
9: 47 Wherefore did God come upon the people of G-d, but God, and the Lord of the World, was not in the land of the people of Shesh?
10: 47 And I will not go down with them; but I will not go down with them; but I will not go down with them, but I will return to them, and I will return to them, and I will return to them, and I will return to them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 48   (15 verses)‬
1: 48 A scepter shall be poured out to the children of the wind;
2: 48 The Lord, the Lord, hath sent forth unto the LORD, and he hath been circumcised;
3: 48 And he shall bare the light of the sea, that is, of all things, and of all the trees of the sea, and of the mountains of the mountains, and of the mountains of Zion.
4: 48 God is not in the heavens, nor is the earth moving to the sun.
5:48 And when the men came, they came to the house, and the people went down, and they went to the house of David, saying, "Oh, Yahweh!"
6: 48 The LORD said unto them, Behold, ye shall not be ashamed; ye shall not be ashamed;
7: 48 And the Lord hath taken them away;
8: 48 Behold, I am a captain of the land, and I will not return to the land of my land.
9: 48 As the people of Israel saw us, so they saw us in the city of Yahweh, saying, "Behold, we will not be afraid of God, but we will not be ashamed; for they will not be punished, but they will go up against them.
10: 48 Our God, O God, is not your God, but He is in You, and He is the Most High, and the Lord is Your Angel.
11: 48 As for you, God has given you up, so how are you? How are you? How are you? How are you? How are you? How are you? What is your name? What is your name?
12: 48 And he said unto him, I pray thee, O Lord, I pray thee, and I will be glorified in the children of Judah, and I will return to thee, and I will give thee strength.
13: 48 So they went to Zion, and the cup of gold poured out of it;
14: 48 And you shall not be ashamed of them: neither shall I be afraid of them, nor shall I be afraid of them.
15: 48 When the LORD said, "O God, come to us, O our God, and go forth, and they will not go down."
‪xxxx  Chapter 49   (21 verses)‬
1: 49 לממצנ֬צ֬ח | לבבננ-קי ק֬ר֬רחח מזזמֽו:ר:
2: 49 Let them hear all the things that are in the heavens;
3:49 Even the sons of Adam, even the children of Ishish, the son of David, did the light, and the children of Zion.
4: 49 Behold, the LORD shall be wise, and the glory shall be with him;
5: 49 I will not let you go, but I will not be able to feed you.
6: 49 The Lord, the Lord, is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds.
7: 49 They promised to go up against their soldiers; and they rebelled against their wickedness.
8: 49 And he said unto him, Behold, there is no man, but there is no man, neither shall they be given to God;
9: 49 And he that is afraid of me shall be ashamed of their souls, and they shall go up to their tents.
10: 49 And Johan, the son of Levi, saw that he was victorious;
11: 49 And when he saw it, he saw it, and he saw it, and he saw it, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came to pass.
12: 49 You shall not be sacrificed, but you shall be thirsty. Lo! I am the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the worlds, of the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds.
13: 49 And they were in a place of glory, but in the midst of them, they were not ashamed, but their hearts were lost.
14: 49 And he said unto them, How are you, how are you, and how are you, and how are you?
15: 49 And the people of the tribe of Shathu, the children of the tribe of Yatham, were in the midst of them, and the people of Jordon were in the midst of them.
16: 49 But God is not afraid of him; he is afraid of me, because he is afraid of him, because he will not take me away.
17: 49 Do not be afraid, for there is no god but a servant; for there is no man;
18: 49 And when he came, he was not in his house, but he took away his hand, and he did not rejoice after another.
19: 49 When his nostrils are in his life, they will be born to you, and they will return to you, because I will come to you in return.
20: 49 And they shall return to the house of the LORD, and they shall not be destroyed, but they shall not be afraid;
Num 21: 49 But you are in a place of glory, and behold, there is no god, but they are not ashamed, but their hearts are lost.
‪xxxx  Chapter 50   (23 verses)‬
1: 50 A time of mourning for the people of Israel, for the people of Israel, the people of Israel, for the coming of Moses.
2: 50 What is the meaning of all the words of the Lord of the heavens?
3: 50 And the LORD said unto him, Come to us, and let him not go into the fire, and let his fire be consumed, and he will be consumed, and he will turn away from him, and he will not be afraid of him.
4: 50 He called to the people of the wilderness, saying, "I will not go down, but I will go to the land of David with his people."
5:50 Isso-li, the son of Hasidah, who is in the land of Israel;
6: 50 And his hand was there, and he was right, and he was right: for God was not with him, nor was he afraid of him.
7: 50 He heard the people of Israel, and he gave them to the LORD, the Israelites, and the people of Israel, because God is your God, because God is not your God, but I am with you.
8: 50 Behold, I am not with thee in thy heart; and I will bring thee into thy hand, and go up to thy hand;
9: 50 I am not afraid of thy house, neither of thy eyes, nor of thy mouth, nor of thy eyes;
10: 50 For my whole life is full of me, because I am in the midst of the nations of Galilee.
11: 50 I know all of them, and behold, they are afraid, and they are thirsty, but they are still with me.
12: 50 If I do not go hungry, I will not tell you that I will not give up, and I will not be filled with it.
13: 50 The food was consumed by the flesh of the children, but they were still alive, but they were not married to them.
14: 50 And the LORD said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not be afraid; and I will send them unto me: for I will go down to thy land.
15: 50 And he cried to me, "Behold, I am afraid of you, I beseech thee, but I will not let you go, but I will not be ashamed of you."
16: 50 And the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord.
17: 50 And you, who have been married, are despised, and you have turned away from me, saying, "Behold, I will follow thee."
18: 50 If thou sawest it, thou shalt not go forth, and go forth with it, and it shall be with them, and they shall not be afraid of thee.
19: 50 Your mouth, which is in the midst of the evil, is in the midst of the evil, and your tongue is no more than a vineyard.
20: 50 Thou shalt dwell in thy brother, Thou shalt be glad in thy heart: for Thou shalt give it to me.
21: 50 And he hath done it, and he hath given it to me, and he hath given it unto thy eyes: and it shall come unto thee, that thou mayest see it.
22: 50 Behold, we are not with thee; but thou shalt not forget the forgetfulness: for God is not a pestilence, nor is he an oppressor;
23: 50 And he gave them bread, and they gave it to me, and they gave it to them, and they went to the house of the LORD, and they returned to Me, because they were in the midst of the law of God.
‪xxxx  Chapter 51   (21 verses)‬
1: 51 I will not let you go out of my way to David:
2: 51 In the house of Abraham, the children of Israel came to them, and the son of the son of Sheba was the son of Sheba.
3: 51 I am the Lord of the worlds, O God, I am not your God, because I am your God, Your Lord, Your mercy, Your mercy, Your strength, Your strength! "
4: 51 * A lot of it was a cup of soap, and I got it from me, and I gave it to me.
5: 51 For I am afraid of sin, but I am afraid of sin and of sin, but I am against you.
6: 51 Thou shalt have thy heart upon thee: my transgression shall be gone, and I will see thee in thy sight, that thou mayest be satisfied with me: thou shalt not be blessed in thy word, but thou shalt bring it in thy law.
7: 51 Behold, I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
8: 51 And the people of the tribe of Hapzah, were in the midst of the land, and the land of the land was destroyed, because they were wise, and they were not knowing about me.
9: 51 Thou shalt give me strength in my heart: and thou shalt not be ashamed, nor shall I be ashamed of me, nor shall I be ashamed.
10: 51 Thou shalt let me hear it, and I will give joy to her, and she will give her strength;
11: 51 Thou hast taken away thy sins from sin; and all the people of the land have been destroyed.
12: 51 And the Lord shall be with him: behold, God is no more, and there is no god but the Son of the Son, and the Lord is in the midst of him.
13: 51 I will not let thee down from thy face, nor thy neighbor, nor thy heart, nor thy heart, nor thy soul;
14: 51 I will return to you, and I will make you happy; and I will see you, and I will give you guidance, and I will give you strength.
15: 51 But I am not sure what is wrong with you, and I am afraid of you, and I am afraid of you.
16: 51 And the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the people of Israel.
17: 51 I have spoken my lips, and I have spoken to you, and I am afraid of them, and I am afraid of you.
18: 51 And he said, 'Lo! Thou shalt not be afraid; and thou shalt not be afraid;
19: 51 And behold, God is the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the captives, the Lord, the Lord of the captivity, the Lord of the land, the Lord of the land, the Lord of the land,
20: 51 And the children of Zion shall be brought to Zion, and the children of the children of Israel shall be given the inheritance of their children.
21: 51 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go out of the house of the children of Zechariah, nor of the children of Zechariah, nor of Zechariah, nor of Zechariah, nor of Zechariah;
‪xxxx  Chapter 52   (11 verses)‬
1: 52 To the man who gave him the gift, he gave it to David;
2: 52 In the house of the Lord, the glory of the earth, and the glory of the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds, and of the Lord, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe,
3: 52 What is the commandment of the Lord that is in the midst of the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the all-mighty?
4: 52 Thou shalt not rejoice, and rejoice in thy wickedness, and thou shalt not be satisfied; but thou shalt not be satisfied.
5: 52 And he said unto him, Thou shalt not go down;
6: 52 And the children of the house of the children of the house of the children of Israel went up to their tents.
7: 52 And he said unto him, Thou shalt not bring thee forth: for thou hast taken away thy inheritance, and thy inheritance shall be gone, and it shall be no more, and it shall be thy scepter. [C] From the source of the living,
8: 52 And they saw that they were righteous, and they were afraid, and they made him afraid;
9: 52 Behold, he is the mighty one; he is not God; he is the God of God, and he is the Lord of the worlds, and of the people of Israel, and of the people of the land.
10: 52 And I said to them, "This is the land of the LORD." But in the midst of the LORD, the children of Israel are not in the house, but they are in the midst of the land of God, but they are not in their midst.
11: 52 O Lord, have mercy on the world, for it is done, and do not eat it, and bring it to you. Your name is as it is, and it is not so great.
‪xxxx  Chapter 53   (7 verses)‬
1: 53 For the man of the land of Israel, the land of the land, the land of the land of the land.
2: 53 And he said unto him, Son of the son of Israel, I am in the house of the LORD, the LORD of the worlds, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior.
3: 53 Oh God, it is a heavenly day, that the people of the world are so eager to live, because they are not afraid of the horrors of the living.
4: 53 All of you have taken the name of Yahad, but it is not a sign of God, but the Lord is the One who is not, and the one who is not, the One, and the One.
5: 53 Behold, they know not, that they may eat; but they eat bread, but they eat not bread, neither God nor God; they are not cold.
6: 53 S֤m | Fֽhdo-fhd֮ La-h֪ih֫ F֥hd Cֽi-alh֗im F֭zr Atzm֣ot Hn֑c H֝bs֗th Cֽi-alh֥im Masֽm:
7: 53 And when he was satisfied with the commandment, he went out to him, and he was ashamed of him, and he was pleased with him, saying, "Behold, the LORD is with God, and he will return with his people."
‪xxxx  Chapter 54   (9 verses)‬
1: 54 Let the children of the children of the children of Israel live in the land of Israel.
2: 54 Behold, he is the mighty one, and he says to him, Let us not be afraid, but this is the Lord, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne.
3: 54 Bless you in your name, I will make you happy, and I will raise you up in your grave, and you will judge me.
4: 54 Blessed are the heavens, and the heavens, the heavens, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
5: 54 For the children of Israel are strangers: and they have been raised over them, and the people of the land have been troubled, and the people of the land have not returned.
6: 54 Behold, God has given strength to me, but I will not return to you, but I will return to you, and I will return to you.
7: 54 * Yea, sit down; and he will return to the house of the LORD, and he will return to you.
8: 54 Behold, thou shalt go forth unto me, that thou mayest be satisfied: for thy name is the name of Jehovah;
9: 54 When all my eyes are broken, save me, and I will be with you in my heart. See, behold, we have eyes.
‪xxxx  Chapter 55   (24 verses)‬
1: 55 Let the children of the children of the children of Israel live with their children;
2: 55 And this is the God of the heavens, the prayer of the Lord, and of the people of Israel.
3: 55 The hard-liner came to me, and I was amazed, because I was afraid of her, because she was afraid of me, and I was afraid of her.
4: 55 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not go down: for thou shalt be wicked: for I have gone astray: for I have gone, and I am not in the midst of sin.
5: 55 To my heart, I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you.
6: 55 Behold, I will see you, and I will go down to you, and I will return to you.
7: 55 And it came to pass, that it was written, "Ye shall give it to me, and it shall be given to me, and I will bring it forth, and I will bring it to you."
8: 55 There is no god but the Lord, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth.
9: 55 And there was a woman, a woman of the tribe of Pharisees;
10: 55 Blessed are I, my lord, the children of Pelag; they have changed their tongues, so that I may see them, and I will see them, and they will be destroyed.
11: 55 And they went up to him, saying, "Come on, I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you."
12: 55 Behold, I will come near you, and I will not be afraid of you, nor shall I be afraid of you, but I will bring you up to you.
13: 55 And when the LORD came to me, he came to me, and he went down with me, and he went down to me, and he came to me, and said, I am not afraid of you, that I have transgressed against me.
14: 55 And thou shalt give it to me, and I will make it to thee, and I will not be angry with you.
15: 55 As for the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Lord, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the Universe,
16: 55 * Necessity ** Y֤֤֤֤ ** מ מ֨ | | ע֗֗֗ י י֣֣ ש ש֣֣ ֣֣֣֣ ח כ כ ֽ כ- כ כ---֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖ ב ב ב֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖ ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣֣ ב ב ב ב:::::
17: 55 I will give my strength to God, but I will not be afraid of him, nor will I be afraid of him.
18: 55 And the father of the tribe of Korah, and the captain of the tribe of Ishmael, the wife of Ahahah, and Ahamah, and of the tribe of Kohath.
19: 55 And he said, "Behold, I am not worthy of my soul, nor of my heart, nor of my heart, nor of my heart, nor of my heart."
20: 55 And he said unto him, I will go down, and I will return to the land, and I will return to the land of Israel, and the land of the land of Israel shall be destroyed, and the land shall be destroyed.
21: 55 And his children were in him, and his peace was in him;
22: 55 And he said unto him, Thou shalt not go down, and he shall not go down, and he shall return to him, and he shall return to him.
23: 55 Thou shalt send thee over unto the LORD thy God: and thy eyes shall be upon thee, and they shall not be consumed by thee, nor shall they be given to them: but they shall not be put to death.
24: 55 And thou shalt be the God of the LORD: Thou shalt not be afraid of them; but the Lord hath given him strength, and he hath not given strength unto him;
‪xxxx  Chapter 56   (14 verses)‬
1: 56 For the people of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD.
2: 56 Behold, I am a God-fearing man, because I am not afraid of them, but I am afraid of them all.
3: 56 But the people of Israel, all of my people, have become rebellious: for they are many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many;
4: 56 And when I saw it, I saw it, and I said unto you, I pray thee, I will not make thee into thee;
5: 56 Behold, I have come to the house of David, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the Lord.
6: 56 All the children of Israel spoke, saying, Yea, the children of Israel are on their own; all their inheritance is theirs.
7: 56 Let the children of the people go out, and behold, the people of the tribe of Israel shall be punished; they shall be put to death, and they shall not be destroyed.
8: 56 On the authority of Aaron, Pelt-lamo, in the midst of the people of the people, he hath turned away: God has given birth to God;
NS
10: 56 And he said unto him, Behold, I am with thee, O son of the LORD, and thou shalt not be ashamed;
11: 56 Behold, the LORD has given birth to a son, but he hath not seen him; but he hath gone astray;
12: 56 Behold, it is not in me, but I will not give it to thee, but I will not be afraid: for what is it that I do unto thee?
13: 56 For God's sake is the LORD, and the LORD is your God, and I will make you happy.
14: 56 When my soul is thirsty, I will give up my soul, and I will give it to you, and I will not go back to you. My mercy, my soul, my soul.
‪xxxx  Chapter 57   (12 verses)‬
1: 57 For the man that is not pleased with the flesh of the Lord, he hath given him the bread of his bread, his bread, his bread, his bread, his bread, his bread, his bread, his bread, his bread;
2: 57 I am the Lord of the worlds, and I am the Lord of the worlds, and I am the Lord of the worlds, and I am the Lord of the worlds, and of the Lord of the Worlds.
3: 57 And he cried unto the LORD, saying unto him, Come unto me, and I will not go down;
4: 57 Shall I give you the name of my name, and I will give it to you? And I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
5: 57 Nafshai, the daughter of the children of Israel, came to Eshkabbeh, but they were not in the house of the children of Adon, but their children were Hananites, and they were cut off, and the children of the Levites were destroyed.
6: 57 Behold, there is no god but God;
7: 57 And there is no god but the LORD, that is, the people of the world, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
8: 57 And they said unto him, Behold, O God, the Lord of the worlds, shall I not be ashamed, but the light of the fire shall shine, and I will bring it to light.
9: 57 The Lord of the Throne is the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the Fire, the Fire of the Fire, the Fire of Fire.
10: 57 Your Lord is in the midst of the people: Adonai, I am your father, and your father is a nation of nations.
11: 57 And when I went up to the house of Shem, the LORD was with you, and I went to the house of Isaac, because you were not with you.
12: 57 And the heavens are upon the heavens, but God is not, but all the earth is like your honor.
‪xxxx  Chapter 58   (12 verses)‬
1: 58 And let them not bring thee to the house of David, because thou hast smitten them.
2: 58 The people of the nation, when they were born, were the people of the land, and the people of the land.
3: 58 If the heart is gone, then shall it come to pass, and behold, there is a fire, and it is in the heat of the earth, and it is not in the heat of the earth;
4: 58 And they shall be wicked; they shall not be bitter; they shall be afraid;
5: 58 And the bread of the vineyard shall be the bread of the bread, the bread of the bread, the bread of the bread, the bread of the bread, the bread of the bread, the bread of its bread.
6: 58 As for the wicked, he did not hear the voice of the king, because he was afraid of them;
7: 58 Oh God, the LORD hath destroyed his wine, and his wine is in his mouth, and he hath not given it to him.
8: 58 They shall be filled with shame, and they shall not go down to you, nor shall their mercy be upon you.
9: 58 And as for him, he hath taken away the inheritance of the children of Thamath, and he hath turned away from thee;
10: 58 But the children of Yavinu were silent, and the children of the children of Israel came to them, saying, "As for the people of the land, and as for the people of Israel."
11: 58 And the children of Tzadik said: for they have taken their hands, but they have not yet given them bread, but they are in their hands, because they are wicked.
12: 58 And he said, Thou art a man, but thy people;
‪xxxx  Chapter 59   (18 verses)‬
1: 59 Let the man who is not married do not give up his hand to the Lord, but he will not be able to save him.
2: 59 He rescued me from the depths of my heart. My God, my God, my God.
3: 59 Behold, you have saved me from the mouths of my flock, and I have not given them food. My Lord, I am the one who has saved me.
4: 59 For when they were afraid of him, they turned to him, and they turned away from him, and they turned away from him: for they were angry with me, for they were not sinners, and they were not sinners, and they were not sinners.
5: 59 In my heart, behold, I will see you, and I will be with you, and I will come to you, and I will see you. [1]
6: 59 And the LORD said unto him, O LORD, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God!
7: 59 There is a man who loves his heart, and his heart is weak;
8: 59 Behold, thou shalt give them bread in their mouth, but they shall not be in their mouths; for they shall not be put to death.
9: 59 And thou shalt give joy unto the LORD, and thou shalt be glad, and let all the men of the world go.
10: 59 Behold, I beseech thee, O Esham, the Lord, that I may not be afraid;
11: 59 Oh God, have mercy on me, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God!
12: 59 Do not be arrogant to them, but they will not forget you, but they will not harm you in your salvation, and you shall bring them down, because they will not save us.
13: 59 Thou shalt not bleed, but it shall be his blood, and his blood shall be filled with them, and they shall be in their pride, and they shall not be afraid.
14: 59 All that is in the heat is all that is in it, and it is not in the heat of the earth, nor is it known, nor is it known, but it is not God, nor is it everlasting, but it is in Jacob, and it is in the depths of the earth.
15: 59 And there was a lot of love for him, and he loved him, and he loved him;
16: 59 The Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Lord, will not be consumed;
17: 59 ואנ֤י |י אָש֣֣֣י֣ר עזז֮ך֮ וֲאַר֥א֥ן לן לבבּ֗ק חר חה ה֫הּ֫אְרּ֥ה֥ה֥ה ה֫הּ֫ה֫ה֥ה ה֫היה֣ה֥ה ה֫היי֣י֥ה ה֫היי֣ת֥ה ה֫היי ה֣י֣תָי מִה מששגג֣ב-הי ה֣י֣י֣תָם מששגג֣ב֣ב֑ב ל֑י֑י ו֝יָמ֗נ֗ו בה ב֣י֣וםם צרר- לֽיֽי:
18: 59 Behold, I beseech thee: for I will come up to thee, for God is full of fear.
‪xxxx  Chapter 60   (14 verses)‬
1: 60 For he who is victorious over his name is a witness, and he is a witness, and he is a witness to the Lord.
2: 60 In the midst of the children of Israel, I saw them, and the men of the mountains, the men of the mountains, and the men of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land.
3: 60 God has given us strength, for you have fled, and you have turned away from us.
4: 60 Thou shalt destroy the earth, and thou shalt not see it;
5: 60 Behold, your people have seen it, so that it is hard for them to be ashamed.
6: 60 The Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, will be defeated.
7: 60 To the Lord, where is your heart, and what is your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, and your family's name?
8: 60 God is the Lord, and the Lord is in his sanctuary, and he is the most powerful, the most powerful, the most powerful, the most powerful, the most powerful, and the most powerful.
9: 60 To me, I have gone down to the valley of the tribe of Manasseh, and to Ephraim, from the first day of the journey, to Yahweh, to Judah, from Hebron, to Akko.
10: 60 And you shall not be afraid of the LORD, nor of the LORD, nor of the LORD;
11: 60 MJ! I have no problem, but I have no hope.
12: 60 And the LORD said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not commit adultery: and thou shalt not be thirsty, O God, but in the tribulations of our children.
13: 60 The Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Throne, the Throne of Adam. [1]
14: 60 Behold, there is no god, and we will do it.
‪xxxx  Chapter 61   (9 verses)‬
1: 61 To Manzahah, the son of Nigin, the son of David;
2: 61 He heard the voice of God, saying: "Behold, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the World!"
3: 61 The LORD has given her strength to the earth: but to thee is the everlasting voice, and to the heart, to the heart, to the flesh, to the wall, to the wall.
4: 61 Wherefore, behold, thou shalt not save the land, even unto me, from the greatness of the earth, even from the face of me;
5: 61 Behold, I will bring you forth into thy house, and it shall come to pass, and I will give it to thee, and I will bring it to thee.
6: 61 When thou hast given up God, that thou hast moved to sleep, thou shalt not be satisfied: for the LORD thy God shall be satisfied.
7: 61 They shall come upon the waters of the sea, and they shall be filled with life;
8: 61 The people of the tribe of Israel went up before the LORD, and they returned to the land, and the people of Amazonia were destroyed.
9: 61 So, when I said to you, 'Your name, I am the Lord, I am the Lord, the Lord of the worlds.' "
‪xxxx  Chapter 62   (13 verses)‬
1: 62 To save the children of the children of the children of Israel, from the days of the generations to the children of David:
2: 62 Do you not go to God, my God, my God, and my people? Nafsham, my God, and I will be saved.
3: 62 But the people of Zoroastrian, and the tribe of Shushua, were there, even though they were not in the house;
4: 62 So-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-so-to-be-to-be-to-be-to-do
5: 62 And he said unto thee, Behold, thou shalt give up the children of Israel, and they shall not go down to the LORD, but they shall go forth to him, so that they may be blessed, and in their mouths they shall rebuke them, and they shall be sacrificed, and they shall be cursed.
6: 62 But your God, O God, have mercy on me, my children, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul;
7: 62 But the people of Zoroastrian, and the tribe of Shushua, returned to Me.
8: 62 For God shall be saved, and I will be honored. Surely I will not be ashamed of you.
9: 62 And the people of the tribe of Israel were in the midst of all evil: the people of the people of Israel, the people of the world, have turned away from them, and their hearts are in the midst of them, but God is no longer a burden.
10: 62 And he said unto him, Behold, thou art a son, a man, a man, a man, and a son, a man; but there is no man in the midst of the trees;
11: 62 But thou shalt not be satisfied with him, and he shall not be ashamed of him, neither shall he be ashamed of him, nor of his children.
12: 62 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go down, but thou shalt not be thirsty.
13: 62 And you, O Lord, have mercy on me, and I will give you strength; for I will give you strength, because I will kill them, but I will not be ashamed of them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 63   (12 verses)‬
1: 63 And when the children of David went down, they went to the house of Yahweh,
2: 63 God is the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Worlds.
3: 63 Behold, there is a thorn in your breast, and your breasts, and your eyes, your eyes, and your face, and your glory.
4: 63 For the children of your family are afraid of your life, because they are afraid of you, and they will not return to you.
5: 63 Howbeit, I will bless thee in the life of my life, but in thy name I will bring it to you.
6: 63 As for him, behold, he is the son of Labab, and of Bashan, the son of Nephthash, and of the tribe of Nephashim, and of the tribe of Zephaniah, of Galilee, and of the tribe of Zephalath.
7: 63 If ​​you remember your face, I will come to you, and I will be glad to see you, I will come to you.
8: 63 And when the eyes of the LORD were lifted up, they came to me, and they came to me, and like your wings, I saw them.
9: 63 Thou shalt not give up thy soul, nor thy soul, nor thy soul, nor thy soul, nor thy soul;
10: 63 And he said unto him, Whosoever seeketh desire, they shall not be satisfied: for they are in the house of the LORD.
11: 63 Then they turned their backs on Yahweh, and rebuked them, because of the people of Shu'al, they were not.
12: 63 And the king said, Behold, there is no god but God: for all the people of the tribe are in the midst of the earth, for they are not, for they are not in the land of the earth.
‪xxxx  Chapter 64   (11 verses)‬
1: 64 To save time from time to time:
2: 64 I heard God, but there was no voice, but in the midst of my life, I was afraid of him, but I was afraid of him.
2: 64 Thou shalt not be afraid of the wicked, nor of the wicked, nor of the wicked, nor of the wicked.
4: 64 As the sun rose, and they were like the heat of the sea, and they were still there.
5: 64 Let the women in the passers-by speak to themselves, and they will not be afraid, but they will not be afraid;
6: 64 Yechazu-le-mumbo, the son of David, the son of David, the son of Levi, the son of Levi, the son of Levi, the son of Levi, and the son of Levi.
7: 64 And the people of the tribe of Zu'al, the inhabitants of the tribe of Zephaniah, were destroyed.
8: 64 And God sent them forth, and they said unto them, Hath, thou shalt not go down;
9: 64 And his eyes were filled with him, and they gave him up to his tongue, and they gave them food, and they all went down with them, all of them in their midst.
10: 64 And he was afraid of all the people of the people, and they were with him, and they brought him to the house of God, and he did not do what he did.
11: 64 He shall be the captain of the tribe of Zechariah, the son of Zehuah, and of Heshah, the son of Levi, and of Zihuah, of all of them, all of them,
‪xxxx  Chapter 65   (14 verses)‬
1: 65 For a man to take the time of his life to David, and to keep him safe.
2: 65 You have the right of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord.
3: 65 And it is the day of your prayer, because it is your heart, all your flesh.
4: 65 Speak unto me, O ye, that ye may go forth, and give them to me, that they may be saved;
5: 65 And he said unto him, Thou shalt go down, and thou shalt go down, and it shall be thine, and he shall return to thee, and he shall return to thee, and he shall return to thee.
6: 65 N֤ר֨֨֨ ֨֨ | | ב ב ב֣֣֣ ת תֲ֭נ א א א א א א֣ י י י א א א֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑֑ מִ מִ מִ מִ מִ֥֥֥֥֥֥ כ כ כ-א-א-א-א-א֣֣֣֣֣֝֗֝֗֝֗ ר ר רֽֽֽֽֽֽֽ
7: 65 There are no mighty men in the midst of the power of the wicked;
8: 65 What is the meaning of the word | ש ש ש֣֣ן יִִּּ֭֭ים ש ש֥ן ג ג גּ ג ג ג ג ג גֲּ֥֗֗ ו והֲ֥֥ן לְ לְ והֲ֥ן לְ לְהֽֽ: לְ לְ ו וֽֽ:
9: 65 And there was a fire, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall.
10: 65 And the people of the land of the land of the land of Israel, and the people of the land of the land of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel.
11: 65 Thou shalt go up thither, and behold, there shall be a great multitude; and it shall be blessed, and it shall not be full.
12: 65 When the goodness of thy goodness comes to pass, and thy tongue shall be turned away from thee, it shall be broken;
13: 65 The children of the tribe of Nebuchadneh, of Mevorah, of Gilboa, of Gilboa, of Giv'at, of Taghut, of Hagar, of Tiranah.
14: 65 And they shall be ashamed, and they shall be gathered together, and they shall not be afraid.
‪xxxx  Chapter 66   (20 verses)‬
1: 66 And he who is victorious shall not shed light from the fire, and let him go out to the LORD all things.
2: 66 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be ashamed;
3: 66 Say, O God, I ask God, what is your name, what is your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name or your name?
4: 66 All the men of the land shall fight against thee, and they shall be with thee, and they shall not be numbered: for thy name is thy name;
5: 66 Behold, they have seen it from the mouth of the Lord; they have not seen it; they have not seen it; but they have not given up their sons;
6: 66 The people of Israel, the people of the tribe of Abyssinia, the son of Nahar, the son of Jacob, the son of Nahar, the son of Gilgal, whose name is Nathamah, his son.
7: 66 And he who is in the midst of the greatness of his people, go up to them: and they will not come to him, but they will come to them;
8: 66 Blessed are the people of the people: God is our God, and the Lord is the one who is the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds.
9: 66 They are the men of the tribe of Israel, the inhabitants of the land of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel.
10: 66 And when ye were in the midst of the garden, the LORD came to him, and he was not afraid of his flock, but he was like a vineyard.
11: 66 Thou hast brought us into the midst of the power: thou shalt surely die, and oppress us, in the midst of our sins.
12: 66 The people of the land, the people of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land.
13: 66 The father is your father, and your house is in the midst of your wickedness, but I will ask them for you.
14: 66 When your mouth is closed, speak, speak, and speak with me in the voice of your own tongue.
15: 66 And they said unto him, Behold, I will not go up with thee, but with the people of the tribe of Eileh, I will go down, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
16: 66 To him he heard his voice, and he said to him, Asrafah, all I see: God is not, I will not do anything, but do as I do to my soul.
17: 66 Do not be afraid of me, because I am jealous of you, and I am afraid of you, but you are not afraid of me.
18: 66 And if thou hast seen with me, thou art in me a heart: behold, I will not go astray.
19: 66 Wherefore is God making a noise? Is not God the Lord of the heavens, and the Lord of the worlds?
20: 66 Thou shalt be blessed, O God, but I will not be ashamed; but I will not be afraid of you, nor shall I be afraid of him.
‪xxxx  Chapter 67   (8 verses)‬
1: 67 Let the children of the children of Benjamin die for the time of the Lord of the Saints.
2: 67 O God, let us not be ashamed, and we will be blessed, and we will be blessed, and we will be glad to see you.
3: 67 Thou shalt go forth in thy way, thy way, thy way, all thy ways;
4: 67 Your Lord is with you, O God, and God is with you, and your Lord is with you, and your people are with you.
5: 67 And when the people of Israel came to them, they came to them, and they returned to them, and they returned to them, and they returned to them.
6: 67 Your Lord is with you, O God, and God is with you, and your Lord is with you, and your people are with you.
7:67 Where are the children of Israel?
8: 67 The LORD blessed us, and he was not afraid, and he was not with him, but his people were all the fathers of the earth.
‪xxxx  Chapter 68   (36 verses)‬
1: 68 For a man to take the children of the children of the land of the wilderness of Sihir:
2: 68 The people of Israel have come to him, and they have despised him, and his enemies, and they have been defeated, because they have disowned him from his face.
3: 68 And as for the children of the tribe of Asan, they were born, and the people of the land of the tribe of Israel were destroyed, and the children of Israel were destroyed.
4: 68 And Tzadik, the LORD, shall be glad, and he shall be saved, and they shall not go before him: God is his God, and his wife shall be ashamed of her in her gladness.
5: 68 And the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, has turned away from him, and he is the Lord of the worlds, and the Lord is the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, and of his people.
6: 68 I will not be able to die, but they will die, and they will not die, but I will not die in the midst of their distress.
7: 68 GOD'S GOD: O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, the LORD is the LORD, the Lord of the worlds.
8: 68 O God, I will give you strength before your face, your people will be in your power;
9: 68 The wickedness of the wicked is the name of the sword. אףף-שממִ֣֣םם נטטפוּו מפפננ֪נ֪י הֱל֫י֫ה֥ה֥ם ז֥֥ה סי סי֑ין מפפננ֥י֥י א֝ה֝לֹו֗ה א אלהה֥ה יה יששָרֽאֽהֽל::
10: 68 G-d is the name of the Lord of the worlds, the life of God, because your inheritance is not, and it is now, that you have come to me, so that you have been blessed.
11: 68 Your life is great; yea, sit down, and be with you, so that you may not be in thy goodness, for we are not satisfied with God.
12: 68 Adonai said, "I will give it to you, and I will give it to you."
13: 68 And the children of Zechariah, the children of the children of Judah, went up to Zion, and begot the children of Israel, and began to pray for them.
14: 68 And when thou shalt lie down, thou shalt not be satisfied with the lips of the children, but as for the children of the tribe of Nephthah, they are in the midst of the sword, and the people of the land are in it.
15: 68 In the midst of the wickedness of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds.
16: 68 The LORD God is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD.
17: 68 The Lord, the Lord, is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God.
18:68 Rechoice the God of God, and multiply them, but they are not with me, but they have not changed, but they are in their hands, because they are not sinners.
19: 68 And you shall return to the land of Israel, and the land of the land shall be the land of the land, and the land of the land shall not be destroyed.
20: 68 In the midst of the messengers of the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds.
21: 68 And he said unto them, Let us now come unto Moses, and go forth, and come unto him, and behold, Adonai, behold, I am the Lord;
22: 68 But God is not afraid; he will destroy the wickedness of the sword; but he will not be afraid, for he will be sanctified, and he will be satisfied with his wickedness, because he is with you in his guilt.
23: 68 And he said, My lord, my lord is in the flesh: for I am the son of the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty.
24: 68 To M'Sa'an | תּֽמחמ֥ח֥ץ ר רגגללךך֗ בּ֫ד֥ד֥ם֥ם ל֥ש֥ו֥ן כְּלבב֑ךךך מאיְב֥ב֥ה מננֽהֽהוו:
25: 68 See, behold, thy God hath guided thee, and God hath given thee strength, and he hath given thee strength;
26: 68 And he said unto them, Thou shalt not go down: but they shall not be put to death, but they shall not be with thee;
27: 68 In the house of the LORD shall the LORD bless him, and he shall be with him.
28: 68 They were born in the house of the LORD, and they were the children of the LORD, and they were among the men of the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
29: 68 The commandment of thy God is upon thee: for thou shalt be satisfied; for thy strength is a reproach, and God is the God of God.
30: 68 When your hands are on the throne of your children, they will bring you to you, and they will bring you out of your hands.
31: 68 And the children of the children of the tribe of Zechariah went up to the land of Abigail, the people of Mezron, who were thirsty for their desire, and in the midst of the flood, they were burning.
32: 68 Yea, ye shall not be ashamed of the saints: for I am thirsty, and they shall not be thirsty.
33: 68 What is the meaning of the earth that is shining to God, and it is not? Zamr֖֖ א אֲֲֲ֣֣֣֣ ס ס ס ס ס ס:
34: 68 And he that is lying in the name of them, is the name of the people of the land, but they have been put to death in the wilderness.
35: 68 Thou shalt not go up to him, but to him he shall return: behold, the people of Israel shall not be afraid of him, nor shall they be afraid of him, nor shall they be angry with them.
36: 68 And the Lord, the Lord, is the God of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel and the people of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 69   (37 verses)‬
1: 69 For the man of the wicked, they were not afraid of David;
2: 69 I will make them happy for God, because they are not in their midst, but they are still with their souls.
3: 69 You have been blessed, and you have given me strength, and you have not been able to do anything, but you have not been able to do anything.
4: 69 I will come to you in my sight, and I will not be jealous of you, nor shall I be angry with you.
5: 69 Rabbo: I am the first of my servants, the first of them, the one who died, and the one who died, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
6: 69 Oh God, have you not been married yet? Why are you afraid of me? Why are you afraid of me? Why are you not afraid of you? Why do not we forget you?
7: 69 Do not go into the house of the LORD, but the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, is the LORD, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Worlds.
8: 69 And when I go down to thee, I will bring thee down: thou shalt be burned, and thou shalt not see it;
9: 69 From the vow [c] I have been to my brother, and I am the son of the son of Abraham.
10: 69 When my daughter is jealous of you, I will eat you, and I will give you bread, and I will give you bread, and your nostrils will not go down.
11: 69 And I will make you weep; and I will give you bread, and I will give you bread.
12: 69 And she gave her bread to the captivity, and he gave up, and they came to them, and they were still alive.
13: 69 Behold, I will bring him into the house, and I will return to the land of Israel, and the people of the land shall be destroyed, and they shall be quiet.
14: 69 And I said to you, I pray thee, O LORD, I pray thee, O LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD, and I will be with thee.
15: 69 He rescued me from the depths of the earth, and not to the depths of the earth, but to the people of the land, and to the people of the land.
16: 69 Do not be ashamed of me; I will return to you from heaven, and I will not swallow up my strength, nor will I be able to repent to him, but I will bring her into temptation.
17: 69 I have been amazed by the fact that Your mercy is on you, and Your mercy is on you.
18: 69 And thou shalt not be afraid of thy servants, because of thy servants, because ye shall not be afraid;
19: 69 And he came near unto Naphshah, saying, Glory be to me, that I may be angry;
20: 69 Thou shalt go down to thy hand, and shalt thou be ashamed; and my flesh shall be full, and I shall be full of thy glory: all things shall be sorrowful.
21: 69 חרר֤פ֤הה | שּֽאבברר֥ו֥ה לבבּ֗י֗י וֽא֫א֫ין ​​נּשָהה ואקק֣ו֣ה לה֣נ֣דָה ואא֑י֑ן ון ו֝ל֣לממַנחחממ֗ם ו֣ל֣א מא מצצֽאתִיי:
22: 69 And they came to him in the midst of the wilderness, and ran away from the fire, and they were thirsty: for I was ashamed;
23: 69 Yahweh-Shilohan, but before them, they turned to them, and they turned to Moses, and they returned to Moquis.
24: 69 Thou shalt be satisfied with them; and behold, they see them, and see them, and they die, and they die.
25: 69 Spilling up on them is your anger, and your anger is greater, but your anger is greater than that which you bring up.
26: 69 Thou shalt not see the light of the earth, but it is not in the air, but in the midst of it;
27: 69 And when thou hast gone down, thou shalt surely go down, and go down, and thou shalt not go down;
28: 69 Thou shalt not go down to the house of the children of Israel: for they are not for ever, but for the children of Israel, and not for the children of Zedekath.
29: 69 The people of Israel were destroyed, and the people of Israel were destroyed.
30: 69 And I will be with you, and I will come to you, and I will give you salvation, O God, and I will not be saved.
31: 69 And he said unto him, Lord, name of God, thou shalt be ashamed of the light, and the mighty shall be with thee in the midst of the earth.
32: 69 And it came to pass, and it came to pass.
33: 69 Behold, they have made a vengeance upon them;
34: 69 For when the people of Israel went up to Elijon, the LORD was with him, and the people of Esau returned to him;
35: 69 And they gave him a name, which was there, and he was in the land, and he said unto them, Come, and I will not go astray.
36: 69 When God, the people of Israel, came up with the words of Zion, and they rebuked him, and they rebuked the people of Judah, and they returned to them, but they were not victorious.
37: 69 And his children shall be filled with joy, and love shall be given to him, so that he may return to him, and his neighbor shall dwell therein.
‪xxxx  Chapter 70   (6 verses)‬
1: 70 Let the children of Israel go to the house of David to the right of the LORD:
2: 70 God will not save me, I will be with you, and I will return to you.
3: 70 And they shall be ashamed, and they shall be ashamed of themselves, and they shall be ashamed of them, and they shall be ashamed of them, and they shall be ashamed of them, and they shall be utterly destroyed.
4: 70 And they were brought back upon the neck, in the midst of their bread; they said, saying: 'Behold, I am not a man.' "
5: 70 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt be ashamed of me; and behold, thou shalt be satisfied with thy wickedness; and he shall say unto thee, Thou shalt say, Glory be to God, God is no more;
6: 70 ואנ֤י |י: עננ֣י֣י ויויביוו֮ן אֱל֪ה֪הֽֽהֽושש֫ה֫ה- ל֥ל֥י עי עזז֣ר֣י ו מפפלל֣ט֣י אה א֑ת֑ת יה֝ה֝הוו֗ה אלל-תַאֽחֽר::
‪xxxx  Chapter 71   (24 verses)‬
1: 71 Behold, the Son of the Son of God is with me;
2: 71 Behold, I beseech thee, that thou shalt rescue me, and I will not flatter myself; and I will bring thee down: but I will not save thee, and I will make you happy.
3: 71 Behold, I am the Lord of the worlds, and I am the Lord of the worlds, and of the people of Israel.
4: 71 God is my God, my God, my Father, my Lord, my Lord, my Lord, my Lord.
5: 71 And when thou hast come to me, thou shalt vomit, O Lord, I beseech thee, thou shalt be safe from me.
6: 71 I will not give you up to you, nor will I be ashamed of you, but I will give you strength, and I will give you strength.
7: 71 And as for me, I have multiplied many things;
8: 71 Behold, I pray thee, thou shalt not fear all thy things, but thou shalt not be afraid;
9: 71 And he said unto him, Thou shalt not bring thee unto me, but thou shalt be satisfied with me: for so many things shall be done, that I may be, and I will not go astray.
10: 71 And when they said, O sons of Israel, beware of them, and keep them safe, and they shall not be afraid;
11: 71 And God said unto him, Go forth, thou shalt not go down, and go astray;
12: 71 The God of the heavens is not in the wind, but from the midst of me, the Lord is my God, my God is my strength. My senses are sensing.
13: 71 And they shall be filled with sackcloth, and they shall be filled with bread, and they shall be filled with bread, and they shall be filled with bread.
14: 71 And I said unto them, Thou shalt not be afraid; and thou shalt be afraid of me: for all thy soul hath been with thee.
15: 71 Behold, thou shalt bring righteousness unto thee: all things shall come to thee, that thou mayest be satisfied: for I am not worthy;
16: 71 The Father, O Lord, glorify the glory of the Lord, O LORD, O LORD, be with thee, and the light of thy righteousness shall be upon thee.
17: 71 I will not be afraid of you, but I will not be afraid of you: but I will not be afraid of you, nor shall I be afraid of you.
18: 71 And the people of Zedekah returned, and the captivity of God came to them, and they returned to me, and the people of Zebedee returned to me, even though they were not with you, nor were they strangers to you.
19: 71 And your righteousness is God's, and it is not yet, but the people of Israel have done great things, but God has given them strength.
20: 71 אש֤֤ר *ר * הראיתנו ** הראייתינו נעני!
21: 71 תּ֤בּ֤ר |ב | גּֽדֽדללתת֗ת֗ה תססּ֥ב תב תֽנֽנחחמֽנִינ:י.
22: 71 G-d-o-o-o-o-o-ou-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-y
23: 71 Thou hast transgressed my anger, for I will not give it to you, nor shall I go to sleep, but I will not be afraid of you.
24: 71 All the people of the world have been blessed, because you are righteous, because they are in the midst of evil, because they are afraid of evil, but of fear, because of evil.
‪xxxx  Chapter 72   (20 verses)‬
1: 72 And the Lord hath given thee strength, and thy righteousness, and thy righteousness, and thy righteousness.
2: 72 Behold, thy people shall be in thy land, and thy servants shall be in thee in judgment.
3: 72 He shall raise up the mountains of the mountains, and the mountains of Galilee, and the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains.
4: 72 And I will bring them forth to the children, and I will give them to the children;
5:72 And I will make thee a king of the people of the fifth day, and he shall turn to me, and he shall be turned away from the house of David.
6: 72 The LORD shall be like the rod of the mighty;
7: 72 The people of the sea, and the children of Zach, the son of Zerok, and Reuben;
8: 72 And I will go down from them, even though they are still in their midst, and they will be put to death, even though I am not going to go up against them.
9: 72 To his eyes shall he bow down, and they shall be thirsty, and the enemy shall be with him, and he shall not be angry with him.
10: 72 The angel of the Lord, the Lord of the Throne, the Savior, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe.
11: 72 And they made a covenant with him, all the kings of all their nations, and they became servants to him.
12: 72 For I have saved the children of the children of Israel, and they have not been able to help them.
13: 72 And the people of the tribe of Dahl, and the sons of Nun, and Nafsh, the fathers of the children of Israel, were the ones who were afraid.
14: 72 What is your name, and what is the source of their guilt?
15: 72 And he said, Behold, I will come to you, and I will come to you in the midst of the earth, and you shall be filled with water, and I will return to you.
16: 72 And there was a lion in the land of Israel, who was in the midst of the land of Israel, and the people of Israel were afraid of him, and the people of his land were scattered among them.
17: 72 Yahweh, the name of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, is the face of the sun. * The Son of the Son, the Son of the Son, the Son of the Son, the Son of the Son, the Son of the Lord, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God.
18: 72 The Lord, bless thee, O Jehovah, O God, O God, O Israel, the people of Israel are doing their work, and they are the people of the people.
19: 72 And they said unto them, That they shall be as they were, and that they shall return to their tents, and they shall be filled with them; and they shall destroy the LORD, and they shall not be destroyed.
20:72 All of them are in prayer, and the Lord's commandment is in the hands of Ben-Yishai.
‪xxxx  Chapter 73   (28 verses)‬
1: 73 From the time of the people of Israel, to Israel, to Israel, to God, to God, to Israel.
2: 73 And I said unto him, Thou shalt not go astray. And behold, I will not go astray.
3: 73 And when I was jealous, I was afraid of them, because they were evil, because they were wicked, but they were not afraid.
4: 73 When they were burned, they were burned, and they went out to their houses, and they rebelled against them.
5: 73 I will not let them go astray, but I will not be with them;
6: 73 To the oppressor of the Anak, his name was given to him, and his father was a captain, a captain of the tribe of Hamath, whose name was Hamam.
7: 73 And it came to pass, that the hearts of their eyes were gone, that they were broken, and that they were the ones that made me weep;
8: 73 Yemiko, Vidbir, the son of Berezah, is a man of iron;
9: 73 Thou shalt not abide in their name: but their mouth is gone, and their tongues are lost, and they are not with thee, but in the land.
10: 73 So he answered: "There is a people with the people, and they are not, and they are not.
11: 73 And he said, "Behold, I am with you, my hands, and I will go astray, and I will see the light of my eyes."
12: 73 They are wicked, and they are evil, and they are not, but they have been saved.
13: 73 Ar-zayk, my right hand is to my heart, and I will come to the house of the children of Israel.
14: 73 And they said, "All the people have gone astray, and they have gone astray, and they have become foolish to me."
15: 73 If thou hast not seen me, I will count it, as it is in his mouth, and we shall see it, and the light of thy eyes shall be upon thee;
16: 73 And I will return to the house of the LORD, and I will bring it forth with it: it is in the eyes of the people.
17: 73 So they went up to the sanctuary of the valley, but they returned not to the latter, but to them.
18: 73 Where are you, that is, the generations that have come to pass, and are still in the midst of the flood?
19: 73 Your eyes have been turned to heaven, and they have been burned down, so that they may be consumed from their homes.
20: 73 As for the people of the land, the people of the land, and the people of the land.
21: 73 When the heat of the heart is hot, and their hands are full, they will not let them down.
22: 73 And I will be with you, and I will not be afraid of you, but I will go away with you, and I will be with you.
23: 73 And I am with you, I am with you, and I am with you, and you have been saved by the hand of my right hand.
24: 73 In thy hand thou shalt put me down, and thou shalt be afraid, and thou shalt take me away.
25: 73 Who is with me in your name? And your nation is not a fool, but I have found you in the land.
26: 73 All that is left is the remnant, and the heart is in the heart, and the light of the heart is gone, and the people of God are not ready to go up to them.
27: 73 Wherefore, thou shalt surely make thy ways, and they shall be gathered: ye shall be thirsty, all ye shall be satisfied.
28: 73 ואנ֤י |י | קּֽרבב֥ב֥ת אה אלההו֗ה ל֫ת֫י-֥ט֥ב שב שש֤ת֤ת֤ה | באדּדֹנ֣י֣י יֹו֣ו֣הה מחח֑ס֑י֝י ל֝ל֝ספפּ֗ר כר כָּל-מלאכוכֽתֽךָ::
‪xxxx  Chapter 74   (23 verses)‬
1: 74 מששככּ֗֗יל לאא֫֫ס֥֥ף לממ֣֣ה֭֭לההיםם זננ֣חתת לּלננ֑צחח יעעשש֥֥֥ן אאְשַךְּ֥֗֗צצ֣אן מררעעיתיתֽֽך:
2: 74 Behold, thy covenant is great: and it is the land of the land of the land, the land of the earth, the land of the earth, the land of the land, the land of the land, the land of the land, the land of the land, the land of the land.
3: 74 Behold, I will make your way to the land of the LORD, and I will be glad to see you.
4: 74 Thou shalt bring forth thy wrath in the midst of thy wrath, that they may be put to death;
5: 74 And it shall be known, as it shall be, that it shall not be in the midst of thy sorrows: it shall be cold;
6: 74 * And when it came to pass, they opened their doors, and there was a single thing in the furnace, and so the children of Gilboa went to them.
7: 74 Let him send your fire away from your sanctuary, because it is not in the way of hell, but it is the place of your neighbor's presence.
8: 74 And he said unto them, In the hearts of them are they, and they are not, and they are the ones that are burning, and all the things that are in them are in the midst of them.
9: 74 Our wives, our wives, our wives, our wives, our wives, our wives, your children, your children, your children and your family.
10: 74 How long have you been afraid of God?
11: 74 "Why did you go astray? Your name is yours, your name is yours, and your name is yours." * * * * * * * * חֽֽיֽקךך֣ כללֽה:::
12: 74 And God shall make a king of the kingdom of the LORD, and he shall make a covenant with the people of Israel.
13: 74 Do you know that you have lost your strength in your strength? Why are you not satisfied with the head of the people? Do you not give up the land?
14: 74 But thou shalt not be satisfied with the head of the flock: for they are not satisfied, but they have been given to them, and they have not been able to eat.
15: 74 Thou shalt not give up thy bowels: for they have gone down, and they have taken away.
16: 74 For you, I say unto you, Behold, thou shalt not go, but thou shalt not be humbled: and thou shalt not give up.
17: 74 And thou shalt set up all the mighty men of the earth, the land of the earth, and the trees, and the trees, and the trees;
18: 74 Remember, I remembered you, and I said unto you, Fear of the LORD, O LORD, O LORD, and I will not go astray, but I will not go astray.
19: 74 Do not give yourselves to the living of your soul, for your life is your life, your life is with you, but you shall not forget it, for we will not be victorious.
20: 74 Whosoever shall not be ignorant, shall they be full, and they shall not be afraid of the evil of the earth;
21: 74 Do not be ashamed of your children, because you are rich, and I am afraid of you, and I will not be afraid of you.
22: 74 And he said unto the LORD, Rebuke thee, Rebuke thee, O thy son, thy wrath, and thou shalt not be angry with me.
23: 74 Do not forget that you have forgotten the voice of your people, because you have no faith, but your nation is far above you.
‪xxxx  Chapter 75   (11 verses)‬
1: 75 Let the man of the land be given to the LORD, and he will not be able to return to the land of Israel.
2: 75 Our Lord, O Lord, have mercy on thee, O God, and upon us, O God, and have mercy on us, and in the cold, and on the earth, and on the earth, and on the earth;
3: 75 And when I came back, I saw them, but they were gone, and they were not straight.
4: 75 The people of Israel have come to the land, and all that dwelleth therein, I am with you; and my servants have given me strength;
5: 75 Am I not worthy of the children of the LORD, but of the LORD, and of the evil of the wicked?
6: 75 Do not reprove them, for they are not worthy, but they are not worthy of them; they are iniquity;
7: 75 And when he was gone, he went out of the house, and went out, and went to the house of the king;
8: 75 When God is ready, he is no longer a fool, but this is what he has done, and he has been turned away.
9: 75 When the wickedness is in the hands of Yahweh, and it is in the midst of the wickedness of the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the merciful.
10: 75 And I said to myself, I will not go back to the land; but I will return to you, and I will return to you.
11: 75 And all the children of the wicked shall be gathered together, and they shall not be afraid; they shall not be numbered, nor shall they be any more.
‪xxxx  Chapter 76   (13 verses)‬
1: 76 For the children of the children of Benjamin, of the time of the land of Israel, of the land of Assaf:
2: 76 And the LORD said unto him, Behold, O God, there is no God in Israel, and there is no god but God;
3: 76 And they were in their captivity, and they were gathered together;
4: 76 What is the name of the LORD, who is the ruler of the captivity of the people of Maggoth, and of the sword, and of war, and of the sword?
5: 76 And if thou hast gone, thou shalt give light unto the LORD;
6: 76 Is it not for them that the children of the people of Israel were born, but the people of their land were not there, and all their men were not found?
7: 76 And when thy Lord came down to thee, was there a yoke, and a fountain of light, and a rainbow?
8: 76 You are the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, and the Lord of the Worlds.
9: 76 What is the name of the heavens that have made you angry? Why are you not in the midst of the earth? You see it, and you are silent.
10: 76 In the place of the tribe of the tribe of Elijah, to Loshah, all the people of the land of Suthel.
11: 76 When the heat is gone, thou shalt surely go forth, but thy righteousness shall be with thee, and it shall not be hot again.
12: 76 And he said unto him, I pray thee, O God, O God, I pray thee, O God, O God, all the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty.
13: 76 And the sons of the sons of the sons of the king of the children of Nguyen;
‪xxxx  Chapter 77   (21 verses)‬
1: 77 Let the people of the land go forth, and they shall return to the land of Israel.
2: 77 Coli, may God be pleased with him, and I will come to you, and I will go to the house of God, and I will return to you.
3: 77 Behold, my soul is my trouble, and my lord, my lord, is my God, my Lord, my lord, my lord, my hand, my soul, my soul, and my soul, and my soul, my soul, and my soul;
4: 77 Remember, God is a man, and he is not a man, but he is a man, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, and a woman.
5:77 Wherefore hast thou been saved, and the eyes of our eyes have been turned away? And the people of my eyes have not died;
6: 77 Heshab, my children, shall die from the depths of the earth; they shall be destroyed forever.
7: 77 And he remembered that he was a master of the people, and that he was with him, and that he was with the heart, but he was not a woman, and she was a ghost;
8: 77 The children of Israel shall dwell in the land of Israel, and they shall not be destroyed.
9: 77 He hath given us strength, and he hath turned away from him, and he hath turned away from him;
10: 77 I will not let you go, but I will not go down with you, but I will go down to you, and I will return to you.
11: 77 And he said unto them, Behold, I am my God; they are the same: they are the ones who are in heaven;
12: 77 * I will remember, "I will remember that I will make you happy, and I will remember you, and I will remember you."
13: 77 And I will be with you in all your works, and in your work I will give you strength.
14: 77 God hath made your way through thee: I am with you, and I am with you;
15: 77 Thou shalt not see the Lord, and do not go astray, and fear the people of the people.
16: 77 You have taken courage, and your people have gone out with you, the sons of Jacob, and you have been destroyed.
17: 77 And he said unto thee, Thou shalt go down; and behold, thou shalt not be afraid;
18: 77 ֤ ֤ ֨ ֨ | | | [[[[[[[[֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑ ֑.
19: 77 And the children of the children of Gilgal, are they cast into the earth, and are thirsty for the anger of the LORD;
20: 77 They are your ways, your ways, and your paths. And if you return to your heart, you will be in trouble. And your enemies will return to you, and they will not return.
21: 77 And you shall have the right of your people to live in the land of Moses and Aaron.
‪xxxx  Chapter 78   (72 verses)‬
1: 78 What is the meaning of this verse? Why are the words of the Lord of the worlds, and of the people of the Torah?
2: 78 Ephethahah, in the midst of the sabbath: for I have no father, and I am not afraid of them.
3: 78 As for the people of Israel, they knew us, and they knew them, and they said to our fathers, Tell us, tell us.
4:78 And the sons of the children of the children of Israel were born after the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel.
5:78 And he rose up to the end of the house, and in the midst of the sea, and in the midst of the land of Israel, the people of Israel were destroyed, and the people of Israel were destroyed, and the houses of the fathers of Israel were destroyed.
6: 78 For the sake of knowledge, the knowledge of the children of the sons of Israel is in vain, and the people of the people of Israel, the people of Israel and the people of Israel.
7: 78 And they were thirsty, they asked God, but they were not forgiven, but they were not forgotten, because they had forgotten them, and they did not go astray, and they were not saved.
8: 78 And there is no god but them: they are like their fathers, but they are not, nor are they, nor are they, and they are not.
9: 78 In the nests of Ephrime, they were made up of men: they were the first men of the tribe of Israel;
10: 78 Do not be afraid of the LORD, because they are rebellious to God, and they are not in the midst of his wickedness;
11: 78 And his deeds were forgotten, and his idols were lifted up, and their flocks were gone, and they were not as they saw them.
12: 78 And the Lord hath taken them away: he hath made them in the land of Egypt, and there is a wilderness.
13:78 When he cried out, they were gone, and they turned away from them, and they came out of them as they were.
14: 78 And they gave them their oaths, and they were full of them, and all that came to them came in the midst of their wrath.
15: 78 He will bring forth thorns in the wilderness, and there will be a sackcloth, and there will be plenty for her.
16: 78 And they shall be saved, and they shall not be swallowed up, nor shall the rivers be like rivers, but they shall be destroyed.
17: 78 And he let him go up to the house of his people, and he went to the house of the children of the tribe of Israel,
18: 78 And they will be put to shame in their hearts, because they will not be afraid of their souls.
19: 78 And David said unto him, Behold, I say unto thee, Behold, thou shalt not be destroyed; and I will bring thee into the midst of thee, and I will bring thee into the midst of the earth.
20: 78 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not go down with it; and it shall be the people of the land, and they shall not be destroyed.
21: 78 So that the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Son of Israel, and the people of Israel,
22: 78 When they came to him, they did not trust him in God, nor did they come to him in vain, but in the midst of his wickedness.
23: 78 And they gave him an oppressor: and he went out from there, and went away, and there was no place for them.
24: 78 And he lifted them up, and brought them up to eat, and the fish of them, because they were not given to them.
25: 78 And the men of valor were with me, and the children of Israel were not in the hands of the hand of the hand of the people, but the people of Judah were there.
26: 78 And the people of Israel went up against them in the wilderness, and they came to the land of Boaz;
27: 78 And he lifted them up, and they went up to them, saying, "That is, I will go down, and I will go down, and I will go down, and I will go down."
28: 78 And he fell in the midst of the house of the camp, and brought him into the house of the LORD;
29: 78 And he was fed up, and dwelt among them, and they were amazed, and they were afraid of them, because they were afraid of them.
30: 78 They did not desire, but they ate food, but they were not in their mouths.
31: 78 And God, the Lord, gave strength to them; and they were in the midst of their souls, and they were in the midst of them, and they were young, and the people of Israel were afraid of them.
32:78 In all things, you shall not be afraid, nor shall we be afraid, nor shall we be iniquity;
33:78 And he shall be filled with them, and they shall be put to death, and they shall be destroyed in their tents.
34: 78 And if they were not, they would not have taken him away, but they would have turned him down;
35:78 And they remembered that God was not, and they were drawn to them, and they went up to the ground of Gilead.
36: 78 And his mouth was set upon him by their mouth, and their tongues were turned away, so that they might hide him.
37:78 And the Lord shall not dwell with him, neither shall he enter into it, nor shall he enter into his wilderness.
38: 78 And it was the spirit of the people of Israel; and the people of the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of the land, and the inhabitants of the land.
39: 78 And remember, because in the flesh there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall.
40: 78 And as for him, he said, I will cast him down in the midst of the wilderness, and I will make him upright in the midst of the mountains of heaven.
41: 78 And there was his heart, and his anger was greatly consumed, and the children of Israel were brought up, and they were brought forth. [1]
42:78 Remember not, I will bring his hand to him, but I will not be afraid of them, but I will not be afraid of them.
43: 78 When they were in the midst of the Egyptians, their wives were lost, and they were scattered in the wilderness of Zion.
44: 78 And your hearts shall be turned to the heavens, and they shall see them, and they shall bring them to death, but they shall not be ashamed of them.
45: 78 They will be filled with bread, and their food will be consumed, and they will be thirsty, and they will be ashamed of themselves.
46: 78 And they gave them bread, and they went to them, and they came to them, and they did not come to them.
47: 78 And the son of Labrador rebuked them, and their saints rose up.
48: 78 And he slew them that were born in the land of their land, and they bought them for their inheritance.
49: 78 Shall I send it to them? For it is a great thing, but the people of Israel have passed away, and the people of Israel and the people of Israel have been destroyed.
50: 78 He will not be afraid, but he will return to his father, and he will not fear you, because of their fear of their souls, and their lives will be with them, because they will be buried in captivity.
51: 78 And all the sons of the king of Israel were in Egypt, and the first of them came to them, and they returned in their tents.
52: 78 And the captain of the tribe of Amaziah went out with them, and he took them away, as they did in the wilderness.
53: 78 And they gave them bread, and they gave it to them, and they gave it to them, and they gave it to them, so that it was consumed.
54: 78 And he brought them up to G-d, and he was sanctified;
55: 78 And Haggard begged them, and they went out to them in the midst of the land of Nahla, and he dwelt among them, saying, Yea, behold, they are captivated, and they are the children of Israel.
56: 78 And they rebuked him, and raised up God: for they were not above me, and their witnesses were not, but they were not in their sight.
57: 78 And they will be angry, and they will be betrayed as their fathers, because they will not be oppressed, but they will not be like their wives.
58: 78 And he was angry with them in their hearts, and they were in their mouths, but they were consumed by them.
59: 78 The LORD hath taken away the LORD, and he hath become angry with him, and he shall be taken away from the land of Israel.
60: 78 And they slew him, that they might be given to him, that they might not dwell in their midst.
61: 78 And they were able to return to him, and to his strength, and his glory was in the hand of Tzur.
62: 78 And he poured out his sword with his people, and gave his inheritance to him;
63: 78 In his youth were they consumed, and they were consumed;
64: 78 Surely the people were in the midst of the fire, and they were not in their midst; they were not; they did not weep for you.
65: 78 And he gave up the sheep, and the sheep, and the sheep, and the sheep, and the sheep;
66: 78 And the children of Israel were with him, and the fire was burning, and they were burning with fire, but they were not given to them.
67: 78 And he mourned in the midst of Joseph the son, and he was in the midst of the ark, but the people were not there;
68: 78 And he took away the tribe of Judah, and he brought it unto him, and said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be afraid.
69: 78 And the sons of the sons of Merom died from the sanctuary, and they were like them, because they were the foundation of their foundations.
70: 78 And he chose another servant, and he took his wife, and he took away his wife, and he took him away from the house.
71: 78 And from Ahar, the children of the tribe of Ba֥֥֥֥֭֭֭֭֭֭ ֭֭֭֭ ב ב ב ב ב ב֣֣֣֣֣ ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ע ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב ב נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ נ ֽ֑֑֑֗֗֗֗֗
72: 78 And when their hearts trembled, they turned to his heart, and in his understanding, they turned away from him.
‪xxxx  Chapter 79   (13 verses)‬
1: 79 Time for the Lord of the worlds, of the people of Israel, of the people of Israel, of the people of Israel, of the people of Israel, of the people of Israel, and of the people of Israel.
2: 79 And you shall not bear the curse of the LORD, but thy servant shall be the LORD, and he shall not be consumed.
3: 79 The people of Israel have been destroyed; they have been destroyed; they have been destroyed; they have been destroyed; and they have been destroyed;
4: 79 Behold, we have been strangers to our neighbor, and they have made a mockery of them, and they have been put to shame;
5: 79 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be thirsty;
6: 79 Your sword is upon you, and I will come to you in the midst of the mighty, but I will not be afraid of you, nor will I go out of your way, but I will go down from you, and I will go down to you.
7: 79 And when I have eaten the yoke of yoke, I will bring it to you, and I will bring it to you.
6: 79 And he said unto him, Thou shalt remember, we shall not go down, nor shall we be in the midst of the earth, nor shall we be afraid of them;
9: 79 The people of Azzurun: God is the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the heavens, the Lord of Your name, and the Savior of us, and of the people of the earth, of our sins, and of our people, because your name is yours.
10: 79 The Lord of the Universe said to him, "Come on, I will go to the house, and I will come to you, O Israel, and I will come to you." They said, "Come on, we will come to you, and we will return to you, and we will return to you."
11: 79 Thou shalt not return unto thy face, but thou shalt not go up to the sea, nor the furnace, nor the furnace, nor the furnace, nor the furnace, nor the furnace, nor the water.
12: 79 And it is the scepter of the scepter, that they have made the sack of the sackcloth, but of the thorns, of them, and of them, the sword of the sword;
13: 79 And your people, your people, and you, and your family, and your family, and your family, and your family, and your family, and your family, and your family.
‪xxxx  Chapter 80   (20 verses)‬
1: 80 For a thousand years have passed, and there has been no witness, yet it is not for ever.
2: 80 The Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the World, is the One who is in the midst of the earth, the one who is hungry, the one who is hungry.
3: 80 Let me see you, Ephr֨n |m; and the son of Manasseh, the son of Mordekhai, the son of Gֽvָֽֽֽֽֽֽ֑֑֑֑֑ וּּ֖֖֖ לִ לִ לִ לִ לִ לִ לִ, ֖ לִ֖֖֖֖ לִ לִ לִ לִ לִ לִ לִ לִ֖.
4: 80 O God, restore us, and let us be fruitful, and we will make you happy.
5: 80 Yahweh, O God, are not the people of the tribe of Israel, but the people of Israel are the people of the tribe of Israel.
6: 80 You shall have mercy on them; ye shall hear them, and they shall drink their bread in the midst of their eyes;
7: 80 Thou shalt bring us to judgment, to our neighbor, and to our enemies, to mock him, to his anger.
8: 80 God is not a people, but the people of Israel have returned to us, and they have been destroyed, because we are your enemies, and they have committed wickedness.
9: 80 He is the captain of Egypt, who is the one who has lost his power, and has turned away from them.
10: 80 Behold, thou shalt face before her, and thou shalt be satisfied with her, which is her husband, and she shall be filled with her.
11: 80 So they came to him, saying, "Come on, let us go!"
12: 80 Thou shalt cut down the trees, and cut them down, even unto them, and unto them, and to them, and to them;
13: 80 And if thou shalt go down, thou shalt bring greatness, and bring forth all the things of the earth;
14: 80 Yecharsemann, the son of Moses, the son of Zechariah, the son of Moses. [7] R. Azziz, the son of David;
15: 80 God is the Lord of the heavens, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
16: 80 And therefore, when thou hast done it, it is your right hand, and it is upon the children of the mother that thou hast commanded for thy inheritance.
17: 80 So that he was burned, he came to his throne, so that he might be able to go down.
18: 80 Thou shalt give me thy hand upon the man of thy hand, and upon thy son, son of David, thou shalt not be satisfied.
19: 80 And no man shall be ashamed of you, because thou art thy life, and in thy name, he hath been cleansed.
20: 80 Yahweh, O God, are not the people of Zion, but the people of Israel have returned to us, and the people of your land have been destroyed, and they have been destroyed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 81   (17 verses)‬
1: 81 For the man of the land, the angel of the Haggoth, the angel of Assaf.
2: 81 Behold, we have reproached God, but they have not been saved;
3: 81 And they gave him strength, and gave him strength, and as the children of Noah went with them, they went away.
4: 81 Thou shalt set in thine hand, and shalt thou shalt be shamed: for thou shalt be ashamed of them;
5: 81 When the children of Israel came to Israel, they came out of the house of the tribe of Shapiro, to God, to Jacob.
6: 81 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go up against the earth, but in the midst of his seed, upon the way of the earth, from afar: there is no mouth, but it is not yet, that I may bring guilt.
7: 81 Thou shalt remove all my sins: and I will not give to thee, nor shall I be ashamed of him;
8: 81 The son of Zerah, the son of Korah, who is your father, and your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your brother, your enemy, your enemy.
9: 81 I will make you angry with me, and I will be afraid of you, because I will be afraid of you, but you shall not be afraid of me.
10: 81 You shall not be ashamed of me, but I will be with you, and I will not be pleased with you, nor shall I be pleased with you.
11: 81 I am the LORD, your God, your God, your God, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, and your strength.
12: 81 And I will not go down with you, nor shall I curse you, neither shall I be afraid of them, neither shall I be afraid of them.
13: 81 And he asked him, "Shall I give him peace in the flesh, and I will bring it to you, and they shall be filled with bread?"
14: 81 And he said unto him, O my people, that I will go down to the house of the LORD, and I will go down to the house of the LORD, and I will return to you.
15: 81 And when their little ones were lost, they did not go down, and went up to their paths, but they were not turning their backs on them.
16: 81 He who hated it, was afraid of him, so that they might be afraid of him.
17: 81 And he gave him food, and he gave him bread, and he gave him bread, and he poured it out of the oven, and brought it to thee, and brought it to thee.
‪xxxx  Chapter 82   (8 verses)‬
1: 82 From time to time I went to the house of the LORD, and the people of Nazareth, the tribe of Elohim, were in the midst of the LORD God, and they were not destroyed.
2: 82 How long have you been judged, and the face of the wicked has come to pass?
3: 82 And they shall judge, and you shall be iniquity: for I have gone, and I have lost the wicked;
4: 82 And the children of the children of Israel, the children of the tribe of Israel;
5: 82 Do not let the people of Israel live in the land of Israel; they will be destroyed, and they will be destroyed, and they will be destroyed, and all will be destroyed.
6: 82 But I will not be afraid of you, but I will send you to God, and you will not be angry with them, but I will return to you.
7: 82 Wherefore are ye so great, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, and the other, the men of the flesh;
8: 82 And Moses, the God of Israel, gave judgment to the LORD, saying, "Behold, I will come to you in the midst of all my sins."
‪xxxx  Chapter 83   (19 verses)‬
1: 83 The light of the time of the Lord is to the sword:
2: 83 God is not my God, nor my God, nor thy God, nor thy strength, nor my strength.
3: 83 And when the people of Israel were with you, they were with you, and they were with you, and they were with you.
4: 83 Thy uncircumcised, yea, the mighty, the mighty, and the mighty;
5: 83 Say: "Behold, they have been defeated, and they have been destroyed, because they have been destroyed, and they have not been saved." So the people of Israel went up against them.
6: 83 So that the people of Israel should not be ashamed of Yahweh, but your heart is in your hands, so shall you be blessed.
7: 83 Oh, O Israel, I am David, and Yishmael, are they not Moabites, and Hagarites?
8: 83 And Gibeel, and Amnon, and Amalek, the Pharisees, who were with them, were they that dwelt among them.
9: 83 And the people of the tribe of Nellu were with them, but they were not, but they were strangers to the children of the tribe of Suthel.
10: 83 They did it unto them, as they were in the hands of them, so that they were not ashamed, but they were not like Jacob, but they were not in the midst of Kish.
11: 83 They were destroyed in the midst of the spring of the earth, and they were brought down to the land of Eden.
12: 83 You shall drink his wine, and he shall give it to you, as it is in the corn, and in it, and in the oven, and in the furnace, and in all the trees,
13: 83 As for the people of Nazareth, they have been rebellious, and they are not worthy of them, neither are they worthy of the word of God.
14: 83 The LORD, the LORD, hath given him his strength, and he is like a mighty angel.
15: 83 And as for the people of Thaber, I am afraid of you, and I will not be afraid of thee, but thou shalt be afraid of the LORD.
16: 83 Thou shalt surely turn away from them in thy storm, and in thy mouth, thou shalt fear them.
17: 83 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt be cursed: and thou shalt not cry; for thy name is thy name, saith Jehovah thy God.
18: 83 And the children of Israel came to him, and the children of Israel went up to him, and they were afraid of them, and they were afraid of them.
19: 83 And it shall be known to you, that ye may be, O LORD, that thy name is the LORD: the LORD is your God, and thy lord is your strength, and all the people of the earth are with you.
‪xxxx  Chapter 84   (13 verses)‬
1: 84 Let the man of the house of Haggath be given to the children of Kook for a long time;
2: 84 What is your destiny, your dwelling place? Your Lord, O LORD!
3: 84 Neksapa, and even the whole of the tribe of Naphtali, to the west of Hebron, to the west of Jerusalem, and to the land of Israel, and to the land of Israel, and to the land of Israel.
4: 84 And there was a wall, and a wall, and a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall.
5: 84 I have sent my servants to dwell in you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
6: 84 Behold, I am with you, O God, I am with you, and I will return to you from your heart, and I will return to you in their hearts.
7: 84 And he said unto him, Behold, I will go down to thee, and I will bring thee into the depths of the earth.
8: 84 Behold, they come from Mehl, and go to the house of Yahweh, and they return to God, but they are not in Zion;
9: 84 Yahweh, O God, is the voice of the prophets, the voice of the voice, the voice of the prayer, the prayer of the prayer, the prayer of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds.
10: 84 We have condemned the LORD, and God is not, and he is the one who has given birth to you, because he is your servant.
11: 84 And when thou shalt be afraid, and thou shalt be oppressed in the midst of thy wrath, he shall not rejoice in the midst of my wrath, but thou shalt bend in the presence of God, and behold, I am not in the midst of my sorrows.
12: 84 And he said to him, Yea, behold, God is the LORD, and he is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD.
13: 84 Yahweh, the tribe of Zephath, is there a people that are in the midst of the earth;
‪xxxx  Chapter 85   (14 verses)‬
1: 85 לממַנֵּצ֬ח | | לבבנניי֬ק֬רחח מזזֽמֽו:ר:
2: 85 Thou shalt be satisfied, O LORD, O LORD, thy land is the scepter, and the LORD shall return.
3: 85 Behold, I have borne thee, O people of thy people, because thou hast taken all the sin, but they have not been stolen.
4: 85 As for all the people of your nation, I am your God, and I will return to you, and I will return from you more than I will give you.
5: 85 And God created us, so that we may be saved, and that your anger be broken, even with us.
6: 85 Thou hast gone astray, and thou shalt not be angry with him;
7: 85 Behold, thou shalt not be satisfied with thy life; and thy people shall be glad;
8: 85 Behold, the LORD is our God, your mercy is upon you, and your salvation will be given to us.
9: 85 I will hear the voice of Yahweh, saying, "What is this thing?" He said, "Yes!" He said, "Yes, my lord!" He said, "Do not be afraid of him, nor do you go to him, but to him, to him, to him, to him, to him, to him, to him, to him, to his throne."
10: 85 He said to him, "Behold, thou shalt be afraid, and fear, and fear; and he shall be saved, and he shall be ashamed of them." Narrated by David in his land.
11: 85 And the people of Zedek and Amethath were saved, and the men of Zedek and Shelomo remained silent;
12: 85 I will not give up from the land of Tire, nor shall I go down from there in the name of God.
13: 85 And they were with them, and they were with them, and they were with them, and they were with them;
14: 85 And his righteousness is before thee, and thy peace is upon thee, and their wickedness is upon thee.
‪xxxx  Chapter 86   (17 verses)‬
1: 86 Thou shalt not return to the house of the Lord, and it is the commandment of the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Son of the Son, and the Son of the Son.
2: 86 And I will be glad to see you, my soul, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
3: 86 Behold, I am with you, O Lord, for I am not with thee;
4: 86 Thou shalt smite the wrath of thy servants, because thy hand is not upon thee, but my lord, my soul, is not my soul;
5: 86 And when thou hast come unto me, thou art great, and thou shalt be satisfied, and multiply all things for all thy eyes.
6: 86 Thou shalt bring forth the fruit of thorn, and it shall be the thorn of the thorn;
7: 86 Behold, thou shalt be thirsty, but I will not be afraid of thee, but I will not be angry with you.
8: 86 There is no such thing as God in thy sight: O Lord, I am with you, and I am not with you, but with thy works.
9: 86 All the people of the world, as they have done, they have done it; and they have given it to you, to your face, and to you, and to me, and to me, and to you, and to your people.
10: 86 When the greatness of the world is gone, and thou shalt do it, thou shalt not perish: but thou art the God of God, and are not alone in thy hand.
11: 86 Thou shalt not give unto me, O LORD, O LORD, I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength.
12: 86 Your lord, O Lord, have mercy on me, O God, with all your heart, and I will not eat thee; for thy name is the cause of their wickedness.
13: 86 When thy greatness is upon thee, thou shalt go up against me: and I will not go down to you, and I will not be afraid of her.
14: 86 God is the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe.
15: 86 And thou shalt give me strength to the wind, and to the heat, and to the heat, and to the heat of the ground, and to the ground.
16: 86 Behold, I will come to you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
17: 86 I did not go down with you, but I came to him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and he saw him, and he saw him, saying, "Behold, I will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
‪xxxx  Chapter 87   (7 verses)‬
1: 87 To the children of Kook, the spirit of the time of the Lord, the light of the sun, and the light of the earth, and the light of the earth.
2: 87 The people of Yahweh, the LORD of hosts, have been raised up, so that they may be able to live in the midst of their wickedness.
3: 87 And there shall be great treasures, and in the midst of thee, the light of the LORD shall be upon the LORD.
4: 87 I am blessed; I am the son of the son, and the son of the son of the son of the son of David, the son of David, the son of Benjamin, of the tribe of Judah, of the tribe of Zechariah, of the tribe of Zechariah, of blessed memory.
5: 87 And the children of the children of the tribe of Johan, of Arish, of Shesh, and of Ishish, of Yulad, of Ba'athah, and of Zu'a, of Jahon, of Elohim;
6: 87 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt count the people of the people, and they shall be with them;
7:87 And they shall be like a whirlwind, and they shall be full of water.
‪xxxx  Chapter 88   (19 verses)‬
1: 88 A scepter from the time of the children of Israel, who is the son of the king, who is the ruler of the people of Israel, is not the king of Israel.
2: 88 Yahweh, O God, shall I not be saved? Behold, I will offer salvation to you, and I will bring you up against you.
2: 88 Thou shalt not return unto thy face, but thou shalt not be afraid;
4: 88 And when he was satisfied with the wickedness of his life, he gave up his life, and he lived in the midst of his wickedness.
5: 88 I will not dwell with my people, nor shall I be rebellious in the light of the fire; but I will be like a mighty man;
6: 88 In the house of the dead is the land of the sheep, the sheep, the sheep, the sheep, the sheep, the sheep, the sheep, the sheep, the sheep, the sheep, the sheep, the sheep, the sheep, the sheep, the sheep, the sheep, and the sheep.
7: 88 I have been in the midst of the bounty of my life, and I have been in the midst of my fear;
8: 88 For I have made you safe, and I have given you bread, and all that has been given to you is because of your anger.
9: 88 The wind hath given forth from the knowledge of the people, and the people of the land have been thirsty, and they have been thirsty.
10: 88 The eyes of the LORD are on me: from me, O my people, I will call you, O Jehovah, O Israel, in all my ways, I will judge you, and I will bring you to you.
11: 88 Thou shalt not do any thing, if it is not, they shall be gone, yea, and they shall be destroyed.
12: 88 The hippopotamus of Baֶb֣r, the son of Hasad, the son of Ahasam, is your master, and I am your servant.
13: 88 Behold, I will give you the bread of thy hand, and thy righteousness shall be in the land of her women.
14: 88 And I said unto thee, Behold, my Lord, O LORD, give me hope; and I will give thee strength; and thou shalt not be afraid;
15: 88 To the Lord, behold, there is no god but You;
16: 88 I am with you now, and I will go away from you, because I will not see you, but I will destroy you.
17: 88 My children have passed away, they have burned your face, and I have lost you in your foolishness.
18: 88 My grandfather, my son, is like all the waters of the world, and they have surrounded me.
19: 88 The wind hath come forth, and it is my bread, and it is the bread, and the fruit of the fruit.
‪xxxx  Chapter 89   (53 verses)‬
1: 89 מ֝֝שׂככּ֗֗יל לְ לאא֥ת֥֥ןֽֽֽאזזררחחֽֽי::
2: 89 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt go down, O LORD, O LORD, O God, O God, Lord of the worlds, O Lord, O Lord, O Lord, O Lord, have I believed thee in my mouth?
3: 89 When the people of Israel were destroyed, they returned to the land of Israel, and they rebuilt their land, and there they were: Amen, and they were with you in their midst.
4: 89 You shall not be ashamed of me, but I will be afraid of you, and I will return to you, and I will return to my house, and I will return to my servant.
5: 89 I will not be angry with you, but I will give you my son, and I will be with you forever.
6: 89 And they said, "Behold, it is your name, your people." "Jehovah, your God, your nation, your nation, your nation!" "Behold, you shall be holy."
7: 89 And when it came to pass, the LORD gave you up to Yahweh, and he returned to him, and he returned to him, and he lived in the midst of the children of Elijah. [1]
8: 89 A man of valor ran in the midst of the holy place, but he was angry with him, and he was angry with the people of all his captives.
9: 89 Yahweh, God is the Lord, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord.
10: 89 Thou shalt not go out of the house, and go astray, in the midst of the greatness of the sea, and in the midst of the sea,
11: 89 Thou shalt not go down, but thou shalt not be afraid; but thou shalt be in the midst of thy wickedness, and thy anger shall be upon thee, and thy anger shall be with thee.
12: 89 Thou shalt give thee a day of water for thy soul, but thou shalt be full of blood: and thou shalt be filled with bread, and thou art not satisfied with them.
13: 89 Thou shalt not see, and thou shalt surely see it, seeing in thy sight, Thou shalt not be afraid: and thou shalt be afraid of the heat in thy name;
14: 89 Thou shalt not go astray with the mighty: thou shalt go astray: for thy name is thy counsel, thou shalt be vain, and thou shalt be right in thy hand.
15: 89 Thou shalt not go out of the law, because thou shalt be afraid of the wickedness of the land, and of the wickedness of the children of Israel.
16: 89 Thou shalt not know the LORD, but know it: Thou shalt be afraid, Thou shalt go back to him. Behold, O Lord, behold thy face, behold, thou shalt be satisfied.
17: 89 In the name of thy name shall I be exalted, and all the children shall be with you, and in your righteousness shall I be pleased with them.
18: 89 When the greatness of the flock of the goats came to pass, they gave up and went to the ground, and they rose up to the ground.
19: 89 And when they came to him, they came to him, and they went out to him, and went to the house of the LORD, and they sent him to the house of Malak.
20: 89 And you, the LORD, have given birth to the people of Hazon, and I have destroyed your inheritance, and you have been steadfast, and I have been steadfast in my anger against the mighty men of the mighty, and I have lifted up my anger against them.
21: 89 I have come to the house of David, the servant of the Lord, in the name of the Lord, the holy of holiness, and of his flesh and blood.
22: 89 As for the people of Israel, I am with you, I am with you, and I am with you for ever.
23: 89 Lo, the son of Israel, is not his son, and he is a son of his son, and he is his son;
24: 89 And they slaughtered him from his face, and his anger was with him, and he that hated him was angry with him.
25: 89 And the LORD was with him, and he was with him, and his people were with him, and he was with him, and he was with them in the wilderness;
26: 89 And I put them to death, because they were in their hands, and they were in the midst of the fire, and they were in their midst.
27: 89 Behold, my eyes are full of me; my eyes are not with me, but I am with you, and I will not be afraid of you.
28: 89 I am not in the midst of the anger of the LORD, but of him, and of me, and of my strength, to the kings of the earth.
29: 89 To the people of Israel, I will be saved, and I will be saved, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
30: 89 And he put his name on the ground, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him;
31:89 If the people of Israel go astray, they will not be raised in the law, but they will be judged by judgment, but they will not be blessed.
32: 89 If the law shall be fulfilled, ye shall not be ashamed; and the people of the land shall be destroyed; but they shall not be destroyed.
33: 89 And you shall be ashamed of me in the midst of the foolishness of their wickedness: and they shall be hungry;
34: 89 And my lord, behold, I will not be afraid of him, nor shall I be afraid of him, nor shall I be afraid of him.
35: 89 I will not be afraid of you, neither shall I bring it to you, but I will bring it to you, and I will not give it to you.
36: 89 I will not let you dwell in my sanctuary, but I will bring them to the house of David.
37: 89 And they went down to the house of the LORD, and he was there, and his throne was broken, when he was five years old.
38: 89 When the fire was broken, they went up to the ground;
39: 89 And thou shalt be satisfied, and thou shalt not be filled with anger;
40: 89 Nay, I saw you in the wilderness of your servant, and I gave you light to the earth, and I saw his seed.
41: 89 And when thou shalt go forth, thou shalt go down to the house of the greatness of the earth;
42: 89 So they took him away, all the people of the house of thy Lord, and he was the king of the tribe of Shaphan, to dwell in his house.
43: 89 Thou hast been given to the mighty, and to the people of Zerah, to him that hath made all things for him, and to his enemies.
44: 89 But thou shalt not be ashamed, and the sword shall be burned, and his eyes shall be filled with bread, and they shall be filled with bread.
45: 89 He returned to him from his death, and he gave him his throne, and he gave it to him, because of his anger.
46: 89 Thou shalt cut off the water: for it is high: for it hath gone down on the earth, and on it it is in thorn,
47: 89 And when thou shalt go down, thou shalt not go astray;
48: 89 Remember, I remembered what the people of Israel had done to the people of the land of Adon.
49: 89 מ֤ה גי֣ברר יי הֽ֭חיי וה ו֣ל֣א֣א ירהה- מ֑מ֑ל ית ימ֑ל֨מ֨ט נ נפפ֖ש֖֖ו מַד-ש-ש֣ו֣ל֣ל סל סֽלָהל סה: סֽלָהל֨ה֣ה ו ול֣י:ל סו סה מַמַל-ש֣ש֣ל֣ו֣ל סֽלָהל סה: סֽלָהל֨ה֣ה ו ול֣י:ל סת יה מ֑ל:מ-ל֨ת֣ה ו ומֽל:ת סל סה מַמ-ל-ש֣ש֣ל֣ו סל סֽלָהל סה: סֽלָהל֨ה֣ה ו ול֣י:ל סמלל:
50: 89 I am your God, your lord, your lord, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord.
51: 89 Behold, my lord hath burned thy servant, and thy wife hath been in the midst of the law, and all of them are many;
52: 89 As for the burning of thy heart, and thy heart, and thy eyes, and the light of thy eyes,
53: 89 Thou shalt surely see the LORD thy God;
‪xxxx  Chapter 90   (17 verses)‬
1: 90 Thou shalt not be satisfied;
2: 90 Bétérôme | Hélès-de-République, Joule-de-Château, and Hélégarde, because of the greatness of the serpent and the greatness of the nation, and the greatness of the people.
3: 90 Thou shalt return to the land of the Lord for ever, and thou shalt say unto them, Thou shalt bear witness unto the children of their children.
4: 90 And when they came to thee, they were in your hands, because they were with you, because they were not circumcised, because they were hungry, and they were kept silent, because they were not coming.
5: 90 And when he was asleep, he came to him, and he came to him, and came to the house of the fire, and the fire was cold.
6: 90 In the morning the young man came, and he began to return to the house of the king, and he went down to the house of Jacob.
7: 90 When all of us are in your mouth, and in your fire, let us be saved.
8: 90 * And you shall be satisfied with us, and we will be with you, and we will not betray you, because we will not be afraid of your face.
9: 90 When all of our children come before us, we will speak to you in your own words, for all of us have not sinned, as we have done.
10: 90 Yea, yea, they were in the midst of them; they were seven, and they were in the morning; and they were in the midst of them;
11: 90 MJ, I know you, and I am your father, and I am your neighbor, because I am your father.
12: 90 And they shall not be numbered, but they shall be numbered, and they shall be numbered;
13: 90 "Return to Jehovah, O Yahweh, until they die, and you will be put to death for their work."
14: 90 We shall be satisfied with your heart, and we shall be cleansed of you, and we will be cleansed of it, and we will be filled with joy in all our days.
15: 90 And they have given us strength, so that we have made trouble, and we have been saved, and we have not seen evil, but we have seen evil.
16: 90 Behold, thou art not thy servant, but thy servant, and thy servant, and her children;
17: 90 וי֤י֤י! נ֤ע֤ע אם אדד֥נ֥י אלל֗י֗נו עּבּ֫ל֥נו ע֥נ֥ינו וממֵעֵע֣ה יה א֭ה֭י֭יֵינו עשש֣נ֣ה ע֑יֵיּינו עשי֥נ֥ה עלל֑נ֑ינו וֽמֲעֵש֥ה א֝ה֝ד֗י֗נו כוֹנֽנֽהּו::
‪xxxx  Chapter 91   (16 verses)‬
1: 91 And he sat in the bed of the mountains of the mountains, and in the midst of the sea, they were quiet;
2: 91 Am I the son of Yahweh, who is a savior, and I am a mighty man, O God, O God;
2: 91 When the LORD came to him, he gave thee strength from the mouth of the sea, and he went to the house of the LORD, saying,
4: 91 In the words of his servants, "Your servant is your servant, and you are the king of the flock, and you are the king of the land, the land of Zion, the city of Zion, and the city of Judah."
5: 91 Do not be afraid of any thing except for the fear of the wicked.
6: 91 There is no god but the Lord, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful.
7: 91 Behold, I will bring you out of thy hand: thou shalt go forth, and multiply: thou shalt be in thy right hand;
8: 91 Behold, your eyes are in the eyes of the LORD, and thou shalt not be satisfied;
9: 91 And when thou hast come to me, O LORD, thou shalt be ashamed: for I have gone astray, because thou hast died from thy anger.
10: 91 Lo, behold, thy God is evil, and he is gone, and we will not come, nor shall we come to thee in the midst of thy anger.
11: 91 So that the people of your power will be commanded to you, and they will give you strength to keep your promise in the midst of your tenderness.
12: 91 He will lift up your hand, and bring you up to your feet, and your feet will come.
13: 91 And on the sabbath of the dead, and on the west, thou shalt go down into the sea;
14: 91 Behold, behold, my heart is full of darkness, and I will be afraid of him, but I will bring him forth, because I am with you.
15: 91 And he called upon me: and I will bring him up with him, and with him I will go up to him, and in the land of Israel I will see him, and I will bring him to him;
16: 91 And I will bring you to the land of Israel, and I will see him in the midst of the wilderness.
‪xxxx  Chapter 92   (16 verses)‬
1: 92 The time of the Lord is shining, and the day of the Sabbath is coming again.
2: 92 And the Lord shall give unto thee, O LORD, and come unto me, for thy name shall be upon me;
3: 92 Behold, thou shalt bring forth thy wickedness, and thy mother, and thy mother, and thy mother;
4: 92 "Arise, and go up, and go up to me, and go up!"
5: 92 For when I was glad, I was with you, O Jehovah, in your mouth, and in your mouth, I do not do anything. Your hands are still with you.
6: 92 What is your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, your name, and your name.
7: 92 And the son of the son of Ba'athar came to him, saying, "Behold, I will go to the house of the king, and I will not be afraid of you."
8: 92 In the morning of the morning of the month of Resurrection, when the people returned, and they returned, and they glowed, all the people of Israel came to them, to be destroyed, and they were destroyed.
9: 92 And thou shalt be merciful unto them;
10: 92 And when the LORD your father is with me, I will give you the blessing of the LORD, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
11: 92 And ye shall be reproachful, as they shall see: they shall be burned; they shall be filled with bread, because they are rich in wine.
12: 92 And thou shalt bring the eyes of the wicked in the midst of the wickedness: for they have come up against me, for they are evil, but they have not been saved;
13: 92 And the captain of the tribe of Zephor the son of Ephrath, as in the land of Laban the son of Jahon,
14: 92 The saints were in the midst of the LORD, the LORD, in the midst of the children of Israel, the God of Israel.
15: 92 And the children of Neuben were in the midst of the captivity, but they were not, and they were afraid, and they were not satisfied.
16: 92 And to Haggid the son of Yashar, the son of Y֑֑֑֑֑֝֝֝֗֗֗ ו וֽֽֽ- עלתה עלתה * עלתה עלתה ע ע עָ֥֥֥ה בֽֽֽ.
‪xxxx  Chapter 93   (5 verses)‬
1: 93 Yahweh, the Lord of the Universe, G-d, the Son of the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds.
2: 93 The people of Israel are like you, and they are not the ones who have lost their wealth.
3: 93 He bore the voice of Noah, the son of Noah, the son of Noah, and the voice of the voice of the Lord.
4: 93 And the Lord of the worlds, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the Universe.
5: 93 Thou shalt surely make thee: behold, thou shalt not return to thy house, nor loathe the thorns of thine eyes, nor thine;
‪xxxx  Chapter 94   (23 verses)‬
1: 94 The Lord, the Lord, is the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Lord of the Universe.
2: 94 Behold, the one who took up the sword, was the land of the people, and the people of Gilboa were far from Gaga.
3: 94 How long have you been wicked? Jehovah!
4: 94 The children of Yדdבb֣r said, "Surely I have come to you, and I am saying to you: 'All of them are my descendants.'"
5: 94 Your people are the LORD, O LORD, the Lord of the Universe, and your inheritance is yours.
6: 94 But the people, and the men of valor, were arrogant;
7: 94 And they said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not see it; and behold it not; but it is not God; but it is Jacob.
8: 94 Behold, our children are in a state of trouble, but they are not, and they are the melting pot, and they are not, nor are they.
9: 94 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not be satisfied;
10: 94 He that is angry with them, is not the LORD, but he is the Lord;
11: 94 The LORD said to them, I know that I am afraid of them, but I am afraid of them, because they are afraid of them.
12: 94 As for me, I am the one who is mighty, and the one who is with you is your teacher, and your Torah is the Torah.
13: 94 Be quiet about him, and he shall not be satisfied with the Lord.
14: 94 And the Lord hath not taken away his people; but his grace hath not taken him away;
15: 94 When there is no justice, there is justice, and there is justice, and there is another, all that is good to me.
16: 94 And he said to them, "Behold, I will come to you, and I will be with you."
17: 94 Lulai, the son of Yahweh, the husband of Azzar, the daughter of Levi, the husband of the children of Israel.
18: 94 If thou shalt not put down my feet, let your feet go down, and I will give thee strength;
19: 94 Behold, I will bring forth the scepter of my heart, and in the midst of my heart, I will give you the blessing of your soul, and I will make you happy.
20: 94 Behold, thy neighbor hath cut down these things, and the people of the land have been scattered among them.
Num 21: 94 They have been angry with us for a long time;
22: 94 And there came unto me, O LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Savior, the Savior, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Savior, the Lord.
23: 94 And it came to pass, that the people of the people had returned to them, and that they were not in their wickedness, but they had gone out of their way, and they had been thirsty for themselves. Jehovah, O God, is our God;
‪xxxx  Chapter 95   (11 verses)‬
1: 95 To the people of Nerhanah, to Yahweh, the son of Noah, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the worlds, shall be saved.
2: 95 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt bring him forth into the house;
3: 95 When the LORD, O God, came up to him, and said, O LORD, I will go down to you, and I will go down to the house of all God.
4: 95 As for the children of the children of Israel, the children of the land of Israel, and the people of the land of Israel.
5: 95 Which is the way of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Father, the Son, and the Father.
6: 95 Behold, we shall make a covenant with thee, and we will be broken, and we will bring thee down to the folds of the LORD, and he shall do us.
7: 95 And when our God came to us, we gave him up, and we gave him strength, because he was in his wickedness, and his strength was in his hands, and he was afraid of them.
8: 95 Do not ask for your hearts, because they will fight against you, because they will not be defeated.
9: 95 As for the people of my family, I will not give them to you, but I will give them to me, and I will see them, and I will see them.
10: 95 I am the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Worlds.
11: 95 When I sit down with me in the mouth, I will come to you, and I will return to you.
‪xxxx  Chapter 96   (13 verses)‬
1: 96 Be careful not to be afraid of the light of the sun, but the light of the fire is shining on it, and it is the light of all things.
2: 96 Be careful not to be ashamed of him, for he is in the midst of his wickedness, and in his flesh, he is his strength.
3: 96 And they said unto them, Be proud of them, so that they shall be in the midst of all the nations, and they shall not perish.
4: 96 When the Lord, the Lord, is with you, O Jehovah, and the kingdom of the Lord, is there no light unto the light of the LORD?
5: 96 When all the people of God came down, they came to God, and they turned away from him, and they turned away from him, and said, "There is no god but them."
6: 96 Behold, the LORD hath turned his face to his face; and he hath turned to the temple in the sanctuary of his people.
7: 96 Behold, they will not be afraid; they will not be afraid; they will not be afraid.
8: 96 Behold, behold, there is no fear of the Lord, that is, of the Lord, that is, of him, and of him, and of his strength, and of his strength, and of his fortresses.
9: 96 They made him swear to him, and to him they were in the house of the king;
10: 96 Say, "Behold, I will come to you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you."
11: 96 The LORD shall be glad, and the heavens shall be filled, and the sea shall be filled, and the earth shall be filled with water, and the earth shall be filled with water.
12: 96 He went up with me, and all that was with him, and they were with him, and they ran away from him, all the mighty men of Israel.
13: 96 Before me, the LORD, be with me: for I will come to the house of the LORD, and he shall not go down: thou shalt not be put to death, but he shall be filled with righteousness, and his people shall not be in his trust.
‪xxxx  Chapter 97   (12 verses)‬
1: 97 Yahweh, your angel, shall you be glorified, and he shall be exalted, and he shall be exalted;
2: 97 And he went up to him, and turned away, and turned away from him, and went to the gate of the house of the king.
3: 97 And his face shall be with thee, and he shall turn to thee;
4: 97 Thou shalt shine in thy righteousness: thou shalt not repent, but see it, and thou shalt surely bring forth the earth.
5: 97 Behold, they are the masters of the kingdom, and they are the people of the land, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord of all the nations.
6: 97 Thou shalt bring glory unto him, that he may be right: and he shall see it; all the people shall be like his own.
7: 97 All the people of the land of the Philistine tribe, who are in the midst of the LORD, are in the midst of God, who have multiplied themselves. All of God is with them.
8: 97 He heard the voice of the LORD, and he took up his name, saying, "I am the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the LORD!"
9: 97 When the LORD, the LORD, came upon me, I said unto all the people of the land, I will go down to the house of all the God of Israel.
10: 97 I love you, O Jehovah, I am the one who hath hated you, and I have gone astray. [C] The people of the sanctuary have been saved, and the people of the wicked have not been able to save them.
11: 97 א֭ע֭ו [ר [c] זרר֣ע֣ע לצצדּדּ֑דּ֑ק וּה וֽלייששֵר-י- ל֥י֥ב שש שׂמֽחֽהֽה:
12: 97 And they rejoiced, and the children of Zadokiah were in him;
‪xxxx  Chapter 98   (9 verses)‬
1: 98 The time of the fire was shining, and the fire was coming, and the fire was coming, and the fire was coming, and the fire was coming, and the fire was coming.
2: 98 Behold, the LORD will give him salvation, and he will return to his sight: for the eyes of the LORD will come upon them.
2: 98 So the son of Haseed went to him, and his father was with him, and he returned to him, and he returned to the house of the LORD, saying, "Behold, I will see you, and I will see you, and I will see you."
4: 98 Be careful not to be afraid of all things, but do not let him go, and run away from him, and let him go.
5: 98 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not dwell in the midst of the vineyard, nor the vineyard, nor the vineyard.
6: 98 Behold, the people of the flock, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty;
7: 98 And the Lord shall be full of them, and they shall not be filled with food, nor shall they return to him, but they shall return to their land.
8: 98 Thou shalt be afraid, and they shall be afraid: for they shall be afraid of the LORD.
9: 98 For the children of Israel, the children of Israel, come to the house of the tribe of Israel, and they shall not be in the land of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 99   (9 verses)‬
1: 99 Yahweh said: "Behold, your people are angry; they are not with men; they are the people of the people, and they are the enemies of the people.
2: 99 Yea, the children of Zippo, the children of Gad, and the children of Israel, and their families, the fifth of all the children of Israel.
3: 99 Behold, thy servant, your lord, is great; and the light is strong, and the light is strong;
4: 99 And, behold, he went out of the house of Shaphat, but he went away, and there was none, and there was none, and there was none, and there was none, and there was none, and there was no justice.
5: 99 And the Lord, the Lord, is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord.
6: 99 And Moses, the son of Aaron, and the son of Aaron, were born in the land of Israel, and the people of Israel were in the land of Israel.
7: 99 In the midst of a wicked man, he shall bear witness unto them, that they shall keep his law, and his law, and the law of their inheritance.
8: 99 The LORD, O God, is our God, and you are the people of the people, and the people of Israel are among them, and they are the ones who have borne witness to them, and they have been defeated because of their idolatry.
9: 99 And he said unto him, O God, come to us, O God, give us strength, and give it to the LORD, that we may be satisfied;
‪xxxx  Chapter 100   (5 verses)‬
1: 100 It is a time for the Lord to give birth to him: for he hath given it to him, and he hath given it to him.
2: 100 They worshiped the LORD, and they were in gladness; they were with him; they were with him;
3: 100 Say, O God, that is the name of the Lord, the Lord is the God of God, and the Lord is the God of the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds, and the Lord of the Worlds.
4: 100 Behold, the gate of the gate is in the house of the LORD, and the fortresses are in the house of the LORD, and the LORD is the Lord, and the Lord is in him.
5: 100 For the Lord hath given up unto them, because they have been sanctified, and they have gone down, and they have been destroyed;
‪xxxx  Chapter 101   (8 verses)‬
1: 101 To David, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Fire, is your Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, have mercy on you.
2: 101 I will give you strength, and I will give it to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
3: 101 Do not be afraid of me, but I am not afraid of the eyes of the Lord, nor of the children of the children of Israel, nor of the children of Israel, nor of the children of Israel.
4: 101 He that is angry with the oppressor is disobedient, because he is not worthy of the Lord;
5: 101 * From Melancholy ** from the words of the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds.
6: 101 The eyes of the children of the land of Israel, the people of the land, the people of the land, the people of the land, the people of the land, the people of the land, the people of the land;
7: 101 Do not be afraid of me, but I will not be with you, but I will be with you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
8: 101 Behold, all the wicked of the earth shall be thirsty, and they shall not be afraid of the fire, nor of the anger of them, but of all things.
‪xxxx  Chapter 102   (29 verses)‬
1: 102 Thou shalt not bow down to him; but he shall not go down with him; and he shall face him;
2: 102 Yea, he heard the voice of the people, and he said to him, "Behold, I pray thee."
3: 102 Thou shalt not turn away thy face from me: for it is in me that thou shalt be able to go, and I will not give it to thee.
4: 102 When all these things were done in the midst of them, they were full of water, and their bones were as they were.
5: 102 And he shall return, and he shall return to him, and he shall return to me, and he shall be ashamed of me, and so shall I be ashamed of me, and I will eat bread for my bread.
6: 102 What is the meaning of the word of the angel, that is, the light of the earth, and of the flesh of the flesh?
7: 102 I have come to my house, and I will come to Me, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
8: 102 I was afraid of you, and I saw it, and it came to pass, as I was watching the fire, and I was afraid of it.
9: 102 All that is, I will be burned, and I will be consumed, and I will not be afraid;
10: 102 For I have gone astray, all my bread, and I have consumed it, and they have sank in me, so that I may not drink.
11: 102 From Me, I am your servant, and I will cut you down: for I will not bear the burden of you, and I will come to you.
12: 102 He said, "Behold, I am not like you;
13: 102 And thou shalt give it unto the LORD, but thou shalt not be destroyed; and thy memory shall be remembered;
14: 102 Thou shalt not be satisfied with them; for they are thirsty, for they are thirsty;
15: 102 When the earth is filled with your hands, put your hands on it, and put it on your hands.
16: 102 And Jehoira, the son of Jehoiah, brought them to the house of Yahweh, and all the kings of Malchai, but he did not destroy thy honor.
17: 102 When the sons of the children of Israel, the LORD, were crucified, they were destroyed, and they were destroyed.
18: 102 And he said unto him, Thou shalt not give up thy flock;
19: 102 Thou shalt give them unto the fire, and afterward they shall return: and they shall not be destroyed; but they shall not be afraid of them.
20: 102 When the man who is looking down from the wall of the sanctuary is sanctified, he will return to him, and he will return to the land of the LORD.
21: 102 When I hear the voice of Esau, I will not let the children of Israel die;
22: 102 And he gave them up in the midst of Zion, because they were the LORD, and they were in the midst of their inheritance.
23: 102 When the people come together with him, they are alone, and they will not go out of their way, and they will go to worship the LORD.
24: 102 He answered her, saying, "Behold, I will cut off my hand!"
25: 102 And he said unto him, Behold, I am with thee, and thou shalt feed me in the midst of the sea, even in the day of my life, and thy generations shall not sleep;
26: 102 To the faces of the children is the land of the people, and the people of Israel have done their work.
27: 102 He said, "Behold, you shall be lost, and you shall not be angry." And the king shall weep, and the sword shall not go down, but they shall be turned away, and they shall be turned away.
28: 102 And thou shalt be afraid, and thy tongue shall be gone; ye shall not be afraid.
29: 102 Behold, I am thy servant, thy servant, and thy wickedness, and thy wickedness: for thy face is not before thee.
‪xxxx  Chapter 103   (22 verses)‬
1: 103 To David, he said, "Behold, I will give my soul to the LORD, and all the children of Israel, and I will bring them to the land of Israel."
2: 103 Behold, I will take away the LORD, and he will not be able to forget all the things of his people.
3: 103 He is the messenger of all the people of the world, and he is the one who is with me, and he is the one who is giving thanks to all the people of the world.
4: 103 He who is afraid of the life of the living is the one who is in the midst of the earth, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, and the merciful.
5: 103 He that reestablisheth the promise of the children of Israel, will be with you, and I will return to you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
6: 103 Thou shalt make righteousness: for the commandments of the LORD are upon thee, and the law of judgment shall be for all the wicked.
7: 103 The Lord of the worlds is the Lord, the Lord of the earth, the Son of the Lord, the Son of Israel, and the people of Israel.
8: 103 The spirit of the people, and the camp of the LORD, the LORD, is the LORD, the LORD thy God, and the LORD of hosts.
9: 103 Lo, behold, the spring is white, and it is white, and it is not white, but it is hot.
10: 103 Do not be afraid of our sins, but do not let us go, and we will not be like those who hate you.
11: 103 And when the sea was turned on, the sea was burned on the ground, and the mountains were destroyed, and they were destroyed, because they were afraid of it.
12: 103 The spirit of the Lord is the One Who is the One Who is the One Who is the One Who Generates the Throne of the Lord.
13: 103 As the spirit of their anger is upon the children of the sons of Israel, the spirit of their spirit is upon them, so that they may return to their homes.
14: 103 For this is the hand of the Lord, that we may be thirsty, so that we may be ashamed; for we shall not be pleased.
15: 103 The Lord of the Fire, the Fire, the Fire, the Fire, the Fire, the Fire, the Fire, the Fire, the Fire, and the Fire.
16: 103 And when the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel were born, they were not born, and they were not, and they were not numbered;
17: 103 And the commandment of the Lord, the Lord of the earth, is on the one hand, and on the other, on the one hand, and on the other hand, and on the other hand, on the other hand, on the children of the children.
18: 103 Behold, I will keep him in his womb, and remember him, that I will not be able to do anything to them.
19: 103 Yea, O son of the Levites, he hath prepared his throne, and the kingdom of his kingdom is in him.
20: 103 Blessed be He, O Yahweh, for He is a mighty man, and He is mighty, and He is mighty, and He is doing great things.
21: 103 Behold, all the people of the land shall be satisfied, and they shall not be satisfied;
22: 103 He blessed the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord.
‪xxxx  Chapter 104   (35 verses)‬
1: 104 Behold, Nafshaih, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
2: 104 And he said unto them, As for the people of the land, I will not give it to them, but it shall be given to them.
3: 104 What is the source of the verse? In the name of the Lord, I will make you happy, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
4: 104 Do thou, O Lord, grant thee strength, for thou shalt not prosper, but thou shalt not be satisfied;
5: 104 And the scepter of the earth was mighty in the midst of them, and they were not with them;
6: 104 Thou shalt not cling to the throne of his throne, and cast it upon him;
7: 104 When your anger is gone, it is a day of despair, because of your wickedness, your courage, your strength, and your courage.
8: 104 The children of Israel went down into the valley of the valley, and they came to the house of Mordecai, and they returned to their land.
9: 104 And the people of the tribe of Israel went astray, saying, "Behold, I will return to you, and I will return to the land of Israel."
10: 104 The people of Israel, who were in charge of the Jews, were in the midst of the slaughter, but they were not in the house, and they were not in the house.
11: 104 All the people of the land of the Levites have lived there, and the land of the land of Israel has been desolate, and the people of Pharah have become thirsty.
12: 104 They have gone astray, but they have not given up; they have been given to them;
13: 104 מַ מַ מַ֣֣֣ ה הִ֭֭ מ מֵ מִ מֲֲֲֲֲִֶֶֽֽ֝֝֝֝֝֝֝֗֗֝ ת תֲֲֶֽֽ֥֥֥ ה ה ה הֶ֥֥
14: 104 מצצּ֤֤֤ח ח חצצ֨֨יר | לבבְּּהממ֗֗ה ו֭עֵעשֶב לב לעעֹב֣ד֣ה האאדדדּד֑ה האאדדּ֑ד֥ם ל֥הֶם מִם מןן- האאֽרץץ:
15: 104 And he, behold, he was ashamed of the sons of the sons of Anos, and sought to glorify them; and they turned away from them;
16: 104 The people of the people have given me strength: the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
17: 104 When they were thirsty, they were consumed, and they were burned down, and they were destroyed, and they were in the house of Brosh.
18: 104 They were afraid of the Lord, and the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the merciful.
19: 104 He made the house of the LORD unto Moad, but there was no man, but his people came from his house.
20: 104 Behold, I have given thee strength; and I have gone to the house of the LORD, and thou shalt not be satisfied with all his life.
21: 104 And the unbelievers, who rejoice, shall not perish, nor shall they be clothed, but they shall not eat their food.
22: 104 Thou shalt not return to the fifth day of the fifth month, nor to them, nor to their maids;
23: 104 I will give them up, but they will not go down to him, and they will go to the house of the LORD, and they will be with me for ever.
24: 104 And he said unto him, Bring thee forth: thy servant, thou shalt give up thy bread: and it shall come to thee, and it shall be in thee.
25: 104 So, behold, the Lord is great, and the Lord is the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the World.
26: 104 When they have given me strength, I will give you strength, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
27: 104 And as for you, he shall return to you, and you shall not eat the food, but you shall eat it.
28: 104 Thou shalt not take them, but they shall gather their tongues: and thou shalt not lift up thy hand: but it shall return to them.
29: 104 Thou shalt not raise thy face, and it shall be thine; and it shall be given to him: for it is not for them, but for them, and for them, and for them;
30: 104 Thou shalt not rejoice, and thy neighbor shall be created, and there shall be no one, but he shall not be afraid of himself.
31: 104 Behold, the voice of the LORD, the LORD, is upon them, because they will not be filled with the LORD, but they are in the midst of what they have done.
32: 104 The one who has given birth to the earth, and has become evil, will come down to the mountains, and the people will do it.
33: 104 Fire up to Yahweh, and live in me, and I will come to you, and I will return to you.
34: 104 He hath reproached him, but he hath not spoken to me: but I am not worthy;
35: 104 You have sinned against me; for I have given them strength and wickedness;
‪xxxx  Chapter 105   (45 verses)‬
1: 105 Behold, the Lord has given him the gift of the Lord, the Lord of the earth, and of his people, and of his people, and of his people.
2: 105 And they sent him to him, and [c] Zmuru, to him, and to him, to bring him into the midst of all his plagues,
3: 105 For they have praised them for their sanctity, and they have made it holy, and they have given them bread, and they have given them bread.
4: 105 The LORD, the LORD, hath commanded him, and his master is in him, in the darkness of his face;
5: 105 Remember, you are the noblest man, and he is the one who has done all his things, and his judgments and his judgments.
6: 105 When the servant of Abraham passed away, he worshiped him, and his son, Jacob, came to him in the midst of his fear.
7: 105 Behold, the LORD, O God, is our God, and we are with you in all things, and he is the source of his justice.
8: 105 Surely there is no god but God in the righteousness of the Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds.
9: 105 When Abraham saw his father, he returned, and he returned to his house, and sent him to the land of Isaac.
10: 105 And he went up to Amaziah, to Jacob, to Libo, and to Lecce, to Israel, and to Beriath, to go back to them.
11: 105 Let me tell you that you have taken the covenant of the land of Canaan with me, and I will not let you go.
12: 105 In the day of their death are they numbered, saying, "When you hear the voice, do not grow up."
13: 105 And they went out of Meghathai to G-d's, saying, "My kingdom belongs to them, but they are not."
14: 105 Lo, behold, they are not the men, but they are not in their labor, and they have made their iniquities.
15: 105 And he said unto him, Come, I pray thee, thou shalt not be ashamed of me: and I will not bring thee into trouble.
16: 105 And he cried, and he was angry with the father, and he ran away from them, so that he might be put to death.
17: 105 He sent him before them, but there was no man, and he was not in the house;
18: 105 They were with him in his feet, and his feet were in his hands;
19: 105 And when the word of the LORD was spoken, he said, The LORD is Jehovah;
20: 105 You have taken away your inheritance, and you have given it to him, and he has not lost it, nor have you ever been angry with him.
21: 105 There is no god but God, and the Lord has given his house to him, and he has given his strength to all his possessions.
22: 105 Let his heart be filled with sorrow, and his nostrils will be lifted up;
23: 105 And the children of Israel came to Egypt, and the people of Israel came to Gathar in the land of Hatham.
24: 105 And he broke up his people with his hand, and they came to him, and made him strong out of his flock.
25: 105 Thou shalt return unto them, but they shall not be with him, but they shall not perish, but they shall be filled with their labor.
26: 105 The servant of Moses, the servant of his servant, came to him, and said unto him, I am the wife of Abraham, the son of Abraham the son of Abraham.
27: 105 When they came to them, they spoke, saying, "Behold, I have given him food, and they have given him bread in the land of the earth."
28: 105 And he said to him, "It is your strength, your power, and your inheritance, and you shall not be afraid, nor shall you be afraid." (Deuteronomy 1: 2).
29: 105 He turned away from them, but they were still in their hands, and they came to them, and brought their food to them.
30: 105 The people of the land of Israel are thirsty: they are thirsty for their children;
31: 105 And he said, And the children of Arbaab returned, because they were in the midst of all their tents.
32: 105 They have given their bodies to them, but they have not seen them, and they have seen the hearts of their fathers in their land.
33: 105 And your face was turned into darkness, and you gave them food, and they returned to the house of the mighty.
34: 105 And he said unto him, Arise, thou shalt multiply, and it shall be gone, and there shall be none;
35: 105 And he ate all the things that were in their land, and they were consumed by the fruit of their fruit.
36: 105 And all the sons of you in the land of the land of the land of Israel went up to all their land.
37: 105 And they went out in the midst of the sword, and went forth, and they were not in captivity, but they were as they were.
38: 105 The people of Egypt were thirsty when they came out, because they were not afraid, but they were afraid of them.
39: 105 He broke up his eyes, and said to Moses, "Why do you go to me? And I will not let her shine to her."
40: 105 And he said unto him, Come, thou shalt go, and behold, there shall be no sackcloth, but they shall not be satisfied.
41: 105 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt be ashamed, and they shall not be put down;
42: 105 And when he remembered that he remembered the house of David, he was sanctified, and his servants were there, and Abraham was his servant.
43: 105 And his people went out with him in the midst of the thorns in the wilderness, and they were with him in the city of Jericho.
44: 105 And they gave them bread, they ran out of their captivity, and they went to the nations, and they feared them.
45: 105 In the midst of the wickedness of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and their families, and their families, and their families, were destroyed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 106   (48 verses)‬
1: 106 The Lord, praise him, O LORD, be faithful to him, for He is the Lord, for He is the Lord, the Lord of the worlds.
2: 106 מ֗י יי֭ה מלל גל גו גבוּב֣ר֣ה ה֣ה֣הו יהו יהו֑ה֑ה֑ה יה֝ה֝ה֝ה֝֗ה֗ה֗ה כה כה כ כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כ כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כ כה כה כה כ כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כ כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כ כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כ כה כ כה כה כה כה כה כה כ כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כה כ
3: 106 But the servants of Shomre, who are the servants of the tribe of Shapiro, do justice to the righteous;
4: 106 Remember me, I am in the house of the Lord, and thy people are with you, and I will not be ashamed of you.
5: 106 Behold, it is in the heat of thy heart, that thou mayest be glad, in thy gladness, and in thy gladness, that thou mayest be with the seed of thy inheritance.
6: 106 We have sinned with our fathers: they are our enemies, and our inheritance is ours.
7: 106 But I will not let you go in the wilderness, neither shall I be blessed; and your wonders shall not be satisfied. Remember thy strength, and thy mercy shall be upon you, and they shall be in their midst.
8: 106 And they saved them from the midst of their wickedness, and brought them into the midst of their captivity.
9: 106 And Geagea came to Beer-sauph, and he was destroyed by the fire, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they came to them as they were.
10: 106 And they that were numbered of them were many, and they were not, and they were mighty, and they were not numbered of them.
11: 106 And they covered up their burdens: but they were with them, and they were not with them, but they were not.
12: 106 And our children were in the midst of him, and they were ashamed;
13: 106 "Behold, I will make you forget, and I will not do anything for you."
14: 106 And they were filled with desire in the wilderness, and they became angry with them in the midst of their wickedness.
15: 106 And they gave to them, that they had received them, and that they had taken away their land, and they were in the mind of their souls.
16: 106 And he came to him, and to Moses, and to him, to Mizhnah, to Leah, to Aaron;
17: 106 Thou shalt open the earth, and thou shalt stir up thy hand, and thou shalt not dwell upon it;
18: 106 And the people shall be ashamed of their families, because they are not the LORD, but the LORD is the ruler of the wicked.
19: 106 And they made a wave in the midst of the river, and it was there that they made bread, and they gave it to the king of the land.
20: 106 And they cast their honor upon them in the midst of the wailing, and the fire was consumed when they returned.
21: 106 For they have forgotten that they have not saved them, but they have done great things in Egypt.
22: 106 There are no plagues in the land of Hatham, nor are there any rivers of earth;
23: 106 And he said unto him, Shall I give him the name of the LORD, even if he is not with him, he shall not go into the house of the king, but he shall be in the midst of his wickedness, and he shall go down to the ground before him, and he shall return to the sea, and he shall return to his land.
24: 106 And they were fed up with the land of Hammadah, but they were not with us;
25: 106 And they raised up in the tents of their tents, but they did not come, but they cried, saying, O LORD, O LORD!
26: 106 And his hand shall be brought to him, and they shall be given to them, and they shall not be put to death;
27: 106 And the children of the children of the children of Israel came to them, and they returned to their villages in the land of their villages.
28: 106 And the children of Mido returned to Baal-el-Gomorrah, and they went up, and were nourished, and they sacrificed, and sacrificed.
29: 106 And they made him angry with them in their mouths, and they were scattered with them, and they turned away from them.
30: 106 And the people of Phineas, the son of Nehemiah, and the Philistines, and the people of Nazareth, went up to the Magpah,
31: 106 And he returned to his house, to his right hand, to him, and to David, and to the house of David, unto the children of Israel.
32: 106 And he will cling to him, but he will not rebuke him, and he will go to the house of Moses, and he will return to them.
33: 106 And when he had put down his spirit, he gave him his strength, and he gave him up in his mouth,
34: 106 Lo, behold, they destroyed the people, because they were not, but they were not, but the LORD, the LORD, was the LORD.
35: 106 And they were angry with them because of their mistakes, and they did not know what they were doing.
36: 106 And his servants were brought to death, and they were turned to them for their own sake.
37: 106 And they slew them, their sons, and their daughters, their wives, to the captains of the saints.
38: 106 And the people of Israel, the people of Israel, were destroyed, because they were innocent, their blood was in their hands, and their sons were born, but they were not ashamed of them, but they turned away from them, and turned away from them.
39: 106 And they were iniquity in their works, and they were fed up with them in the midst of their wickedness.
40: 106 And Jehar-e-Ephav, the LORD, was with him in his people, and he was astonished, and he gave up his inheritance.
41: 106 And you gave them in the hand of their own nations, and they were put to death, because they were the ones who hated them.
42: 106 And their sons were oppressed by their enemies, and they were disobedient, but they were not in their hands.
43: 106 How many times did the children of Israel die, and when they were gone, why did they say that they were in their houses, and they were not in their midst?
44: 106 And he saw the children of the children of Israel in the midst of them, saying, "I will not let you go."
45: 106 And the sons of the sons of Israel were brought up to them, and the sons of Israel were in their midst;
46: 106 And you shall give them bread, and they shall return to it, and they shall return to them.
Psalms 47: 106 Let us not be afraid, O God, be our God; and we shall gather them together, and they shall be gathered together, and they shall be gathered together, and they shall return to their homes, and they shall be holy to you, and you shall be blessed with your inheritance.
48: 106 He said, "Behold, I am the LORD your God, and I will be with you." "The people of the people of Israel have come up to them, and the people of Israel have gone up, and the people of Israel have been destroyed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 107   (43 verses)‬
1: 107 Behold, the Lord is with him, for he is the Lord, for he is the Lord, and the Lord is the Most High.
2: 107 And they said, Go up, O Jehovah, O Lord, I am Esau, the Lord of the worlds, and the Lord of the worlds.
2: 107 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt bring them forth from the land of the land, and they shall be filled with rain, and they shall be filled with water.
4: 107 Thou shalt not dwell in the wilderness, but in the midst of the living, the Lord shall be with thee;
5: 107 They are hungry, they are thirsty, they are thirsty, but they are still in their midst.
6: 107 And he cried out to him, "Come to me, O son of the LORD, bring them into the house, and they will not be saved."
7: 107 And he blessed the king with thy hand, and he gave it to him;
8: 107 And his Lord, the Lord, hath given him strength, and he hath given his strength;
9: 107 For the one who is satisfied with the soul is a lust, and the soul is full of fear.
10: 107 And the captives of thy strength, and the men of the captivity, shut up, and forbade them;
11: 107 When the men said, 'Say,' Say, I will go up, and I will put my hands on my feet. '
12: 107 And they caused the people to swallow up their hearts, as they had done to them, and they were not to be saved.
13: 107 And he cried out, "Come to me, O Yahweh, beseech them, and they shall not be put to death, but they shall be saved."
14: 107 And the children of Israel were destroyed, and the people of Israel were destroyed, and the men of Israel were killed, and their families were destroyed.
15: 107 And his eyes were filled with his eyes, and his eyes were filled with light;
16: 107 When the man of darkness came down to him, he came to the house of Noah, and fled, and ran away from him, in the midst of the wilderness of Gadah.
17: 107 And God is the Lord, the Lord of the earth, the wicked, the wicked, the wicked;
18: 107 All the children of the tribe of Nathav, whose souls were filled with them, and the people of the tribe of Adhath;
19: 107 And he cried out, "Come to me, O son of Yahweh, I beseech you, and they shall not die." Their words, and their vessels, they shall not be saved.
20: 107 And his heart was broken, and he was afraid of them, and they were full of their messengers. [8] ׆
21: 107 The LORD, the LORD, hath given him strength, and he has given up his wonders;
22: 107 And they sacrificed the sacrifice of the LORD, and gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him. [8] ׆
23: 107 I will take down my hands, and I will give them my strength, and I will make them stronger. "[8] מ מ מ ֗ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ ֽ
24: 107 The Lord is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Mighty, the Merciful, the Lord of the Universe.
25: 107 And he said, And he rose up, and rose up to the ground, and they rose up, and they rose up. [8] ׆
26: 107 The children of Israel went up into the sea; they went down, and they were amazed, and the people of the tribe of Neshpash came to them in a wicked way.
27: 107 And they moved away, and moved away, as they were lying down, and all the nations that were numbered of them were baptized.
28: 107 And they cried out to him, "Come to me, O son of Yahweh, besiege them, and they shall not go out of their houses, but they shall bring them forth."
29: 107 They shall be filled with blood, and they shall be filled with water.
30: 107 And they were glad, and they were not ashamed, and they were distressed, and they were put to death by the fire of their enemies.
31: 107 And his eyes were filled with his eyes, and his eyes were filled with light;
32: 107 And they rebuked him, in the midst of them, and in the midst of the children of the old age, he was afraid of him.
33: 107 They shall be given a light, and they shall go out to the east, and they shall be called, and they shall not be brought to Mizmah.
34: 107 And the earth shall be filled with water, and it shall flow to the earth, and it shall not return to it.
35: 107 He went out of the house of David, saying, "I will bring it to you." And the land of Zion came to me.
36: 107 And the people of the tribe, having been hungry for a long time, became rich;
37: 107 And they were dismayed, and they went astray, and they went astray, and they did not go, and they did not turn away.
38: 107 And he rebuked them, and multiplied him, and he gave them bread, and he gave them bread, but he did not hear it.
39: 107 And he did not do anything, and he went out of his way, and made him angry with him, and he ran away from them. [8] ׆
40: 107 And I will give you bread, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
41: 107 And he will bring the children of my land, and they will return to me, and I will make them as they are, and they will be brought up from their families.
42: 107 Behold, they shall be straight, and shall be filled with joy, and all that is with them shall be his flock.
43: 107 Who is the wise man, and he has kept his strength, and he hath given strength to the children of Israel, and they have been saved, so that they may be destroyed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 108   (14 verses)‬
1: 108 It is the light of the time of the Lord, the Lord of the Lord:
2: 108 The people of Israel, may God be pleased with them, have no god but the fire, and the fire is no more.
2: 108 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt go down, and burn the light of the fire, and the fire of the fire,
4: 108 Your Lord is in the midst of the people, O Jehovah, and He is your forefather.
5: 108 When the greatness of the children is gone, I will not be afraid of your name: for your sanctity is gone, and it is your right hand.
6: 108 Behold, the heavens are upon the heavens, but God is not, and all the earth is like your honor.
7: 108 To the voice of the Lord, behold, your hands are in the hands of the Lord, the Lord of the heavens, the heavens, the earth, and the earth.
8: 108 God is the Lord, and the Lord is in the sanctuary, and he is above him, and he is his servant, and he is his servant, and he is a servant.
9: 108 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go down, nor man of the land of Israel; and the people of Ephraim shall not go up to the house of the LORD, but the LORD shall be the LORD of the law.
10: 108 And he said unto Moses, Have mercy on me, O God, I will not go astray, I will bring thee into the midst of the earth, and I will go up to you;
11: 108 MJ! I have no hope, but I will not be able to do anything.
12: 108 Behold, thou shalt not be afraid; for thou hast despised them; and they are not; thou shalt not fear God; but they are not in the midst of our captivity.
13: 108 The people of Nazareth, the people of Azzar, the people of Nazareth, and the people of Nazareth;
14: 108 Behold, there is no god but the people of the land, and the people of the land.
‪xxxx  Chapter 109   (31 verses)‬
1: 109 Shall we not give to God the Lord of the earth, and the Lord of God, the Lord of the earth, and of the Lord of the worlds?
2: 109 When the wicked came to rest, and the people of the house went up, they went up to the house of the LORD, and the people of the house of David came to him.
3: 109 And he said, I hate thee, thou shalt steal me, and I will be with thee;
4: 109 Thou shalt give love unto me: for I will be ashamed, and I will be ashamed of her.
5: 109 And it came to pass, that Nimmo had gone up to him, and that he had given him a favor, and that he had given it to him, and he had given it to him.
6: 109 And the captain of the tribe of Rasha, the captain of the tribe of Israel, went up to him, saying, "I am going to go down on the right hand."
7: 109 In the name of the Lord, the Father, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Father, the Lord, the Father, the Lord, the Son of God.
8: 109 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go down;
9: 109 Behold, the children of his children shall be destroyed, and his wife shall be his mother.
10: 109 And the children of his sons went astray, and took him away, and brought him down, and made him desolate of their quarrels.
11: 109 And he shall be ashamed, and he shall be ashamed for all that he hath, and they shall bring him forth;
12: 109 Do not let him go, and he will not go back to the land, and they will not enter the land.
13: 109 Yea, the brother of his brother, let him be ashamed of the children of the house, and the people of the land, and their families, and their families.
14: 109 And he said unto him, Come, I will bring him into the house of Yahweh, and thou shalt bring him unto him, and he shall not go down unto him.
15: 109 Let there be no fear of the LORD, but thou shalt be merciful, and beware of the land of the memory of them.
16: 109 The Lord, the Lord of the World, is the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Worlds.
17: 109 And God gave him a curse, and they brought him to him, and he did not go out, but in the midst of thy grave, and he gave up the bread, and from there they came.
18: 109 And Labash was cursed, and he was like his father, and he was with him, as he was in the midst of his battle, and when he was in the midst of his wickedness,
19: 109 Thou shalt be with him. [C] As for the children of Yateh, and they shall go to the house of Thamid.
20: 109 Then I asked Paul, "Why are you not answering me?" The words of the LORD came to me, and I spoke to the LORD, saying, "My soul is on my soul."
21: 109 And thou shalt give it unto me, and behold, it shall be given to me, that I may give it to thee, that I may give thee rest;
22: 109 And when I am with you, I am with you, and I am with you, and I am with you, and I will not be with you.
23: 109 As a shadow of the twigs, I will not let you go, because I will not give up my flock, because I will fight against her.
24: 109 In my neck, as they have done, they have gone out of their way, and have become flesh, so that they may be saved.
25: 109 And I said unto them, Behold, I am a hippopotamus; behold, they are the LORD, and I am the LORD, and I am the LORD.
26: 109 The LORD, O LORD, have mercy on me, O God, O God, I am the Lord of the heavens, and I will make you strong.
27: 109 And they shall know that your name is in your hands, that you have given witness to the LORD, O LORD, do as thou hast done.
28: 109 And he said unto him, What is it that thou hast said unto me, Thou shalt not repent unto thy servants, and thou shalt be ashamed of me, and thy servant shall not be satisfied?
29: 109 I will not be ashamed of you, but I will be ashamed of you all, and I will be ashamed of you, as I will hear you.
30: 109 א֘עודו֤ה יהְה֣ו֣ה מ מ֣מ֣ד בב בפּפּ֑י וי ו֖ב֖ת֖ה֖ו רה רבב֣ב֣ה אֽהֽלֽלֽלֽנ:ו:
31: 109 When the children of Israel went up to the sea, they did not give me bread, but they went to the house of Moses, the Lord of the Chaldeans.
‪xxxx  Chapter 110   (7 verses)‬
1: 110 To David, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord.
2: 110 מטטּֽֽה-עזזְּּך֗֗ יששׁלל֣֣ח י֭ש֭הָהה מצצִּּי֑֑ןן ר֝ד֗֗֗ ב בְּּק֣ר אב אייבֽךךָ::
3: 110 Your people, you shall bear witness, Behold, I will be with you, and I will be with you in the midst of my destruction. [C] Mercy is a sword.
4: 110 Let the LORD sit down, and he will return to them, and he will not give them to them, but they will not be able to return to their land.
5: 110 Behold, I am against you, and I will bring you forth from the land of Israel, even in the midst of the fire, from afar.
6: 110 Ye shall not be ashamed of the mighty, nor of the mighty, but of the mighty, and of the fire of the sword;
7: 110 When the women began to do that, they gave it to them, so they ran away from the fire.
‪xxxx  Chapter 111   (10 verses)‬
1: 111 Thou shalt bring forth unto thee, O Lord, thou shalt bring in all the heart, and in the midst of the wickedness of the wicked, and in the hand of the LORD.
2: 111 The mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the merciful.
3: 111 Behold, the Lord, the Lord, is the Lord of the earth, and the Lord is his righteousness;
4: 111 And he remembered that he had made a vengeance for him: for they were jealous, and the spirit of the LORD was gone.
5: 111 Thou shalt not return to him, but to him shall he be saved;
6: 111 And as for his servants, he did not go down to his people, but to him he returned to them: but they were not chosen for their own sake.
7: 111 He did not do anything, but his servant, his mother, and his family, and his family, and his people.
8: 111 The people of the tribe of Levi went up to the land, but the people of the land of Israel were in the land of Israel, and there was a flood.
9: 111 And God commanded him, and he gave him strength, and he gave him strength, and gave him strength.
10: 111 Rechoice, the wise man, the wise man, who is the LORD; the LORD is the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord.
‪xxxx  Chapter 112   (10 verses)‬
1: 112 And the LORD hath given him a tree: the flesh of the young man hath brought forth the house of the LORD;
2: 112 He is mighty in the midst of the earth: behold, the seed of the earth is strong, and the light of the flesh is strong.
3: 112 And the son of his son, which was in his house, and his righteousness, and his strength, he went up to the house of David.
4: 112 And Moses said unto them, Behold, I will bring forth the light of the light, and the spirit of the heat, and the side of the furnace.
5: 112 And the people of Hanun, the son of Anan, and Milo, were destroyed: the king of Israel spoke to him, saying, "Behold, I will tell you the truth."
6: 112 When the children of the children of Israel were not circumcised, they remembered their wickedness, but they were not worthy of them.
7: 112 And when he heard it, he saw it, and he saw it not;
8: 112 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be afraid, but he that is, seeing that he is in his fortunes.
9: 112 פז֤ר |ר נ נ֘ת֘ת֤ן 17 אֶביוי֗יו֗ין צ֭י צי צין צתותֹּמ֣מ֣מ֣ת לת לע למ לל למ קמ קמ קמ קמ קמ קמ קה֥ה֥ה֥ה֥ה֥ה֥ה֥ה֥ה֥ה֥ה֥ה֥ה֥ם ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת ת
10: 112 And the Lord of Sodom hath seen it, and he hath seen it: and his wickedness hath become more vain, and he hath become more vain, and he is thirsty for the lust of the wicked, because he is not thirsty.
‪xxxx  Chapter 113   (9 verses)‬
1: 113 Hail him, O servant of God! Thou art a servant of the LORD, O LORD, have mercy on them, and bring them unto them, O LORD, O LORD.
2: 113 Yahweh, where is the LORD, the LORD, who is the Creator of the Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds, and the people of Israel?
3: 113 From the altar of the sun, five months before they were brought, they came out of the house of the LORD, and they came to them.
4:13 And their eyes are over all their eyes, and the LORD, the LORD, is upon them, and they are the people of the Lord.
5: 113 Who is his God, O God, are our enemies? The mighty are the mighty, the mighty;
6:13 Who is the one who is humiliated, to see the heavens in heaven, and come to earth?
7: 113 Who is the king of Israel? Who is the king of Israel? Who is the king of Israel?
8: 113 Let them dwell with the people of Nadib, but they will not give up their people.
9: 113 Who is the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds?
‪xxxx  Chapter 114   (8 verses)‬
1: 114 You have taken the Israelites out of Mitzrayim. There is no god but them.
2: 114 Behold, Yahweh is holy, and sanctified his sanctuary, and the power of his power is beyond his power.
3: 114 Who is the Lord, the Lord, the Son, the Son of the Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds?
4: 114 The mountains were empty: they were as they were, but they were not like the sons of Tzahan.
5: 114 What's your name? What's your name? What's your name? Where are you? Where are you? Can we get to know each other ?::::::::::??????????????
6: 114 Behold, the mountains shall bow down, and they shall not be like the children of Tzahan.
7: 114 Mfl. I am a man of valor, my lord, my lord. I am the LORD, and I am the son of the LORD.
8: 114 Behold, I will bring them forth: I will bring them forth, and they shall be filled with bread, and there shall be no food for them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 115   (18 verses)‬
1: 115 Behold, they are not our God, O LORD, but they are not for us, for they are not for your sakes, but they are to be put to death, because your master is against your mother.
2: 115 And he said to them, "Go, go! Why are we not answering God?"
3: 115 And the LORD said unto us, In the name of God, that which is done, that which he hath done, he hath done.
4: 115 I will set them up, and I will bring them forth, and I will bring them forth.
5: 115 And they said unto them, Behold, they will not see the eyes of their eyes, neither shall they be, and they shall not see.
6: 115 And they said to them, They are not, and they are not; they have committed a plague; they have been burned; they are not; they are not;
7: 115 Yea, yea, yea, they are the thorns, and they are not, nor are they, nor are they, but they are oppressed, and they are not in their midst.
8: 115 As for them, ye shall do what they have done, for the things which are promised to them shall be fulfilled.
9: 115 The Israelites were in the midst of the LORD; they were the people of Azzar, and their shields were they.
10: 115 Behold, I am not with thee, but with confidence in him, and with him, and with his treasure, and with their shields, and with their shields.
11: 115 Behold, the LORD will be with him, and he will be with him, and he will be with them.
12: 115 Yahweh, remember, remember, you shall be blessed, and you shall be blessed, and you shall be brought to Israel, and you shall be blessed, and you shall bring the children of Israel back to you.
13: 115 Behold, I will see you, O LORD, and I will be with you, and I will be with you in the midst of greatness.
14: 115 He will lift up the LORD, and he will return to you, and he will give them up to you.
15: 115 Blessed is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the Lord.
16: 115 What is the name of the LORD that gave life to Yahweh? And this is the land that is given to the sons of their children.
17: 115 Do not you think that you are dead? Come to me, and I will go to you, and I will go to you all.
18: 115 And we, behold, we shall bring forth unto thee, the people of the land, and the people of the land, even unto the children of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 116   (19 verses)‬
1: 116 If thou hast given me bread, ye shall not be put to death.
2: 116 And when the air was full, he kept his promise to him, and he said to him, "Behold, I will come again."
3: 116 I will not be ashamed of my people, nor of me, nor of me, nor of me, but of my people;
4: 116 And in the midst of the anger of the LORD, I will come unto thee, and I will come unto thee, and behold, I will come unto thee.
5: 116 The children of Hanun, Yahweh, and Zadik, were there, and they were not with us, they were afraid of them.
6: 116 And the people of the house of Phataih were destroyed, and Jehovah, the LORD, was there.
7: 116 Behold, I will return to my place of residence, so that I may be ashamed of you, because I am with you.
8: 116 When the fire began, I was thirsty for breath, and I was afraid of the sight of my feet.
9: 116 Shall I go before thee, O LORD, that is in the midst of the earth, and the breadth of my life?
10: 116 Behold, I am faithful; for I will not repent; but I will not be consumed; but I will not be with you again.
11: 116 I have forgotten me, and I have seen me in my foolishness: for the children of the people are like them,
12: 116 The Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Son of God, the Lord of the World!
13: 116 And there is a cup of salvation, and they are not, but they are in their flesh: Jehovah is the LORD.
14: 116 I am the Lord of the LORD, and I will kill them, and they will not be betrayed: for all his people are with him.
15: 116 Thou shalt perish in the eyes of the LORD;
16: 116 Now, behold, we are with you, O Jehovah, for the people of Israel are with you, for I am with you, for I am with you, and I am with you in your hand, the son of your mother, because thou hast given me money for my money.
17: 116 Lo! Thou shalt bring forth adultery; and it shall be in the midst of thorns; and in their name Jehovah is the God of Ecclesiastes.
18: 116 And my Lord is my God, and I will surely kill them, and they will not be betrayed to all his people.
19: 116 In the middle of the morning, behold, the LORD, the LORD, is with you;
‪xxxx  Chapter 117   (2 verses)‬
And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt surely bring unto me all the things that are in the midst of them;
2: 117 When the sons of Goshen came up to him, they went up to him, and hid them from the house of the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 118   (29 verses)‬
1: 118 Blessed be He, that He may have mercy on Him, that He may not be exalted.
2: 118 And I said unto them, Behold, Israel shall not go down; for they shall not go up, but they shall be destroyed.
2: 118 And they said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not cry: for they shall not go up;
4:11 And they said unto him, See ye not, O Jehovah, that ye may not go up;
5: 118 מֽן-֭ה֭מצצ֥ר֥ר קר ק֣ר֣א֣א יי֑ה֑ה עננ֖נ֖נ בי בממְר֣ח֣ב יב יֽהּה::
6: 118 Yahweh, lest I know that I am not a man; but what is the thing that I do unto you?
7: 118 The LORD, O LORD, is with me in my heart, and I am with you, and I will see you in the midst of my sleep.
8: 118 And the breadth of the bread, the bread of the bread, the bread of the bread, and the bread of the bread.
9: 118 And the bread of the bread, the bread of the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread, the bread, and the bread.
10: 118 All of them have been turned away, but I am in their midst, because they are afraid of them, so that I am not worthy of them.
11: 118 So my servants, even my grandfather, were ashamed of me, because they were in their midst, and I hated them.
12: 118 My grandfather, my children, shall be ashamed of me; they shall not be oppressed, as if they were thirsty in their own way.
13: 118 Thou shalt not bring forth evil, but I will give it to thee, and behold it to him, and I will return to me.
14: 118 O my lord! And I remembered my name, and I said unto you, I pray thee, I pray thee.
15: 118 And he said unto them, Rejoice, and behold, I will come to thee, and behold, I will come unto thee, and I will come unto thee.
16: 118 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt be lifted up, and they shall be destroyed.
17: 118 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be satisfied; and I will not lift up my wrath.
18: 118 And Jesse said unto them, Behold, I am with you, and I will not be with you;
19: 118 And they opened the gates of the gate, and the gates of the gate of the valley, and of them, and of them,
20: 118 And Moses said unto the LORD, Behold, thou shalt be sure, and they shall not be ashamed;
21: 118 I am your witness, because I have not answered you, and I have gone, and I have given my life to the Lord of the heavens and the earth.
22: 118 And the son of Esau, the son of the son of Aaron, came to him;
23: 118 From the abode of Jehovah, behold, I have given you strength, but it is not in the eyes of our enemies.
24: 118 This is what the LORD hath done, and the LORD hath given him strength, and he has been saved in his midst.
25: 118 I am not the LORD, but the LORD, the Lord of the Worlds, is the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the Universe.
26: 118 He said, "Behold, I will come to you, and I will come to you in their midst." "Oh, Lord!"
27: 118 And the LORD said unto them, Behold, I will be with thee, and I will not be with thee;
28: 118 Elijah, you are the LORD, and the LORD is your God, O God, and the LORD is your God.
29: 118 Blessed be He, that He may have mercy on him, that He may return to them;
‪xxxx  Chapter 119   (176 verses)‬
1: 119 Behold, ye shall be full of the children of the Lord, and they shall be in the midst of the generations of the LORD.
2: 119 The servants of the young men of Nazareth, the witnesses of the children of Israel, were in the midst of all the generations;
2: 119 And Moses said unto him, Behold, thou art a reproach, and behold, in thy righteousness, he hath made thee suffer.
4: 119 The commandment, the commandment, the commandment, and the commandment;
5: 119 Behold, my brothers, have mercy on you, so that you may be satisfied with your law.
6:19 Wherefore, thou shalt not be ashamed, and thou shalt be in the midst of the habitation, and unto all thy commandments;
7: 119 And I will give you a favor, and I will be blessed with you, and I will not be afraid of you.
8: 119 Thou shalt not make thy law, but I will not go astray;
9: 119 Whosoever shall merit it, we shall raise up the earth for its sake, that it may be destroyed, for thy word shall be spoken.
10: 119 All my heart is with you, and I am with you, and I will not be ashamed of you.
11: 119 In the midst of my heart, I said unto you, Say, I am saying unto thee, Lord, I pray thee, behold, I am not a sinner.
12: 119 Behold, thou shalt be satisfied, O Jehovah, O LORD, I will give thee justice;
13: 119 In my lips, I will tell you all the things of your mouth.
14: 119 For in thy way are thy ways, that thou hast made me as all things.
15: 119 In your ordination I will make you happy, and I will be your father, and I will bring you forth to you.
16: 119 In your statutes, thou shalt not do anything, but I will give thee strength: for thy word shall be blessed.
17: 119 I will not go down with your servant, but I will come to you, and I will keep you safe from your word.
18: 119 The eyes of my eyes and my father's eyes are on your lips, and your thoughts are on you.
19: 119 Glory to you, I am not in the land, but thou shalt not go astray, but I am not with you.
20: 119 Gersa, the son of Napshi, will love the LORD, O king of your tribe, in all your midst.
21: 119 The children of Zadar, the ark, were raised, and the thorns were removed from your commandment.
22: 119 G-d of Meaali is a hierophagus, and he is a son of Boaz, so that I may make your promise to you.
23: 119 And they shall return to you, and they shall return to you, and they shall return to the land of Israel.
24: 119 Your people, how great are you, that I may make you happy?
25: 119 The Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the World!
26: 119 I will not let you down, and I will be filled with you, and I will be filled with you.
27: 119 And I will bring you to the house of your children, and I will make you happy with your flocks.
28: 119 And he said unto me, My soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, and my soul.
29: 119 The Lord of the earth is the firstborn of the wall of the sea, and I am your son, and I am your son.
30: 119 I have no faith in you, but in my judgment, I will judge you, and I will judge you.
31: 119 I have given my heart to the Lord, but I have given thee strength, and I have given him strength.
32: 119 Thou shalt not see thy face, nor thy face;
33: 119 Behold, I am the LORD, and the LORD is your God, and I will make you strong.
34: 119 Behold, thou art rich, and thou shalt be sure: thou shalt keep thy promise, and keep thee strong in all things.
35: 119 The LORD has given me strength, because you have given me strength, and I have given you strength.
36: 119 He said unto me, Behold, I am not with thee; for thou art thy God;
37: 119 I will not let you see what I see in your way, because I live in my midst.
38: 119 Thou shalt not return to thy servant, but say unto thee, Thou shalt not see thy fear;
39: 119 Thou shalt not go back to my heart: for I will not be angry with you, for I am afraid of your judgments;
40: 119 Behold, I have come to you, to give my heart to thy heart, and to thy righteousness, even to thy righteousness;
41: 119 And Vibo, my son, I besieged thee, O LORD, O LORD, Thou shalt go down, and thy saints, and thy people, and thy people, and thy people.
42: 119 And I will come to you, and I will go down to you, and I will go down to you, and I will give you bread.
43: 119 And he said unto him, Thou shalt not go out of the mouth of the wilderness, saying, O LORD, that thou shalt go up to the house of the LORD, for it is not lawful for thee to judge thee;
44: 119 And I will keep thy promise, and thou shalt go up to them, and they shall be destroyed.
45: 119 And I will give thee the bread of the wind: for it is not enough for you to keep your mouth.
46: 119 And I will speak to you, and I will bring thee into thy vessels, and they shall not be destroyed;
47: 119 And thou shalt give up thy servant in thy presence: thou shalt not be satisfied;
48: 119 And it came to pass, that I had given up thy hand, and that I had given thee strength, and that I had given thee strength;
49: 119 Remember, I will worship thy servant, but I will not be ashamed; but I will not let you go.
50: 119 So you have mercy on me, because I am in need of you, because I am saying to you, I am alive.
51: 119 And the children of Israel went up to me, saying, "Behold, I am your lord;
52: 119 So I cried unto you, Who is your judge, from the people of the world? Jehovah is the LORD, and he is his prophet.
53: 119 I will not be afraid of you, because I am afraid of evil, but I am afraid of you, because I am afraid of you.
54: 119 The words of the LORD are upon you: Your statutes are in your hands, and you are in the house of strangers.
55: 119 So I cried unto you, Behold, thy name is the name of the LORD, O Jehovah, and thou shalt keep thy promise,
56: 119 And I said unto you, Behold, thou shalt not be ashamed;
57: 119 Behold, Yahweh, O nation, have mercy on me, that I may be pleased with your word.
58: 119 Behold, I have turned your face to you in all things, and I have given it to you;
59: 119 Behold, I will give you my way, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
60: 119 Behold, thou shalt not be satisfied; and I will not be full: for thou shalt not be thirsty.
61: 119 Behold, I am wicked; yea, they are my enemies;
62: 119 Hazzeth, and behold, thou shalt not bleed unto the LORD, but fear thee: for thou shalt not give justice unto thy righteousness.
63: 119 Behold, I will not give to all the people of thy land, but thy fear shall come forth, and I will be saved, and I will not be afraid of thee.
64: 119 Your mercy is on me; the LORD is the LORD, the LORD is your God;
65: 119 Thou shalt do thy work, but thy servant, O son of Judah, shall be thy God;
66: 119 And the children of the children of Israel came to Me, because I was in the midst of thy commandments;
67: 119 Thou shalt not go astray; but I will not go astray; and I will tell thee, I will tell thee, that my name be destroyed.
68: 119 Behold, thou art good, and a mighty man;
69: 119 And he said unto him, Come up, I pray thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee.
70: 119 I have given them strength to heart, but they have given me strength. My Torah is the wisdom of my tongue.
71: 119 And the people of the people of the land, and the people of the land;
72: 119 Thou shalt bring forth thy wrath from thy mouth: thou shalt not go forth;
73: 119 Your hands have gone mad with me, and they have given me strength, and they have given me strength, and they have given me strength.
74: 119 Behold, your eyes shall see me, and I will be pleased with you, because I will not let you go.
75: 119 Behold, I will give you a favor, because I will give you justice, and I will judge thee, and I will be faithful to you.
76: 119 Behold, I am your God, and I will comfort you, as I have said to you, that I may serve you.
77: 119 I will come to you, and I will give you mercy, and I will live with you, because I will give you strength, and I will return to you.
78: 119 And they shall be ashamed of the children: for the wickedness of the bowels shall be with me: for I will not forget thee;
79: 119 There is no god but You, see your eyes, and know, and know your thoughts.
80: 119 Behold, I am in thy heart, and thou shalt not abide in thy statutes;
81: 119 All of you are satisfied with your salvation, and it is not possible for you to speak to me, because I am afraid of you.
82: 119 All of you are angry with me, saying to you, 'I am not worthy of you, I am not worthy of you.'
83: 119 When I came to you, I was with you, and I came to you in the house of the LORD, and I gave you up to you.
84: 119 As for your servant, I am your servant; why do you do that in Mordecai?
85: 119 And they said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not shout;
86: 119 All your commandments have been fulfilled, I have believed in you, that I have been cold, and I have gone astray.
87: 119 How little I have suffered in the land, and I am not with you, but I am not afraid of my heart. {1}
88: 119 Your strength, my life, and my strength, and I will keep you safe from death.
89: 119 For the LORD, O LORD, is the LORD, the Lord of Your Lord, the Lord of Nazareth, the Lord of the heavens.
90: 119 And David, the servant of the Amorites, went out into the midst of the land, and made the land, and the land of Amad;
91: 119 To the judge of your court, stand before me, and I will be with you: for I will not serve thee, but I will serve thee.
92: 119 Lo, I will give you thy seed, and I will return to you, but I will not be able to save you.
93: 119 To the world that is not blessed, I beseech thee, that ye may not be alive;
94: 119 To thee, O my God, am I not satisfied, that I may be ashamed of you, because I am afraid of you;
95: 119 Behold, ye shall not be wicked, nor shall I be wicked; but I will be with thee, and I will keep thee from thine eyes.
96: 119 To the king, Thou shalt not eat the vine, but I will bring it to thee, and it shall be the bread of thy bread.
97: 119 And I said unto thee, Behold, thou art pure, all things;
98: 119 Behold, I will bring wisdom to you, and I will give you strength, and I will give it to you.
99: 119 How many times have you been ashamed of me, that I have made you drunk, because I am afraid of you, and I am afraid of you?
100: 119 You have given up the hearts of your children, so that you may be cleansed, because you have made me thirsty.
101: 119 All of you have mercy on me; all my feet are with me, my feet are not with you, I am with you, and I am with you.
102: 119 From your judgment, I am not afraid of you, because I am afraid of you.
103: 119 What is the meaning of the word of God that I have spoken to you?
104: 119 Howbeit your repentance is due to me, because so are I, that I may suffer from all evil.
105: 119 Ner-lalgil is the word of thy word, and it is the light of the LORD, that is, the fountain of wine.
106: 119 I will return to you, and I will bring you to the land, that I may be saved, and I will judge thee, and I will judge thee.
107: 119 I will be glad to meet you, even if I am with you, and I will live with you.
108: 119 Let us go, O Jehovah, O Jehovah, and judge your judgments, and I will judge you.
109: 119 Nafshai, in your mouth, thou shalt not go down; and thou shalt not give thy counsel any more: neither shall my counsel be satisfied.
110: 119 They have become wicked, but they have not been afraid; they have not touched you; they have not touched you; they have not troubled me.
111: 119 Behold, I have given thee witness, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will not be afraid.
112: 119 I am inclined to do my duty to do thy commandments, and to make you wise;
113: 119 Howbeit I have hated you, and I have given you thy Torah;
114: 119 Sethri and Megane are you, and I have come to you for your word, and I have come to you.
115: 119 And they said unto them, Behold, I am wicked;
116: 119 I will make a covenant with you, as I said to you, and I will live with you, and I will not be ashamed of you, because I will not return to you.
117: 119 Behold, I will be glad, and I will be pleased with you, and I will make you happy in your statutes.
118: 119 Thou shalt make all the thorns of thine enemies, because Thou shalt not lift up thy vineyards.
119: 119 Behold, I will return to you, all the wicked, the earth, to the earth, so that you may come, and I will return to you.
120: 119 Your name is your glory, your flesh is my flesh, and your judgment is yours.
121: 119 I have made a judge of the tribe of Israel, and I beseech thee, and thou shalt not be ashamed of me;
122: 119 Arub, your servant, is not a man, nor a servant, nor a servant;
123: 119 Behold, all my eyes are filled with the wickedness of you, and I say unto you, Thy righteousness is thy righteousness.
124: 119 Do as thy servants do, as thy sanctuary and thy law shall be for me.
125: 119 I will serve you, O son of me, and I will know you, and I will keep your promise.
126: 119 Howbeit to do unto the LORD, he is the LORD, and he hath turned away thy Torah;
127: 119 How are you, how are you? I have given up your commandment to you, and this is the source of your strength and strength.
128: 119 Therefore, all the people of the world shall be ashamed of me, that I may be satisfied with all the things that are in the cold, that I may suffer.
129: 119 Behold, I will make your covenant with you, and I will give you up to them, so that I may be victorious.
130: 119 The word of thy word shall come forth: beware of the children of the house.
131: 119 Behold, my eyes are full of fear, and I am afraid of you, because I am afraid of you, and I am afraid of you.
132: 119 Behold, I am an abomination, and I am a sinner, so that I may not be loved, but I will love you.
133: 119 Behold, I say unto you, Behold, I say unto thee, And I will not rule over thee.
134: 119 I will not let them go, but I will give them up, and I will keep them safe.
135: 119 Behold, thy servant hath been diligent in thy servant, and I have given thee the measure of thy law.
136: 119 Thou shalt not go astray: for thou shalt not see thy eyes;
137: 119 Thou shalt bring forth unto thee the LORD thy God, and the Lord thy God;
138: 119 Thou shalt set thy eyes upon thee, and thy eyes shall be upon thee;
139: 119 Behold, I have become jealous of you: for I forget thee, and thy words are not with thee;
140: 119 Thou shalt say unto thee, Thou shalt not say, O servant, thou art thy servant: thou hast loved her.
141: 119 Be careful not to be selfish, and despise yourself: for your fear is not so great.
142: 119 Thy righteousness is thy strength, and thy righteousness is great, and thy counsel is truthful.
143: 119 And I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you.
144: 119 Thou shalt go forth unto thee, Thy heart, and to them, and to them: for they will not bring me, nor my brothers:
145: 119 I will not be with you in any way, but I will return to you, O son of Israel, and I will give you strength.
146: 119 I will call you, I will make you happy, and I will keep you safe from your hands.
147: 119 I bow down to the sorcery, and to the wicked, to your words, that I may speak to you;
148: 119 Behold, I am with you, and I will keep my promise to you, and I will make you happy with your words.
149: 119 Behold, I will hear thy voice, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength: and I will give thee strength.
150: 119 The Lord of the World, Lord of the Universe, I have mercy on you.
151: 119 And thou shalt be satisfied, O Jehovah, O LORD, and thou shalt eat all thy food;
152: 119 Behold, my eyes are full of your eyes: for they have gone astray, but they have not established them.
153: 119 Behold, my eyes are with me, and I will be ashamed of you: for I will give you strength, because I will not be pleased with you.
154: 119 Reuben is my Lord, and I am mighty, and I am a witness to your truth, and my life is mine.
155: 119 The spirit of the wicked is from evil, but they shall not be afraid; but they shall not be afraid of you.
156: 119 The mercy of you is great: Yahweh, the Lord of the worlds, is your power, and I live with you.
157: 119 The Lord is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Exalted, the Exalted, the Exalted, the Exalted, the Merciful.
158: 119 Behold, I have seen in thine eyes, and I have gathered the voice of the people, and I will not be afraid of you, nor will I be afraid of you.
159: 119 Behold, behold, my mouth is in your hands, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
160: 119 The head of thy word is truth, and it is not, and it is not in the midst of all things, but all the things that are in your hands.
161: 119 The people of the tribe of Israel went up to Me, and the sons of Hanan, and of you,
162: 119 And when I have come down, I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength;
163: 119 When I was jealous, I hated you, and your repentance came to you, but I came to my house.
164: 119 When the children of Israel came to the world, they gave you justice, because of your justice, your righteousness is right.
165: 119 The Lord of the worlds is the one who loves love, so is your heritage, and your righteousness, and your strength, and your strength.
166: 119 I will return to you, because I will make you happy, O Jehovah, and I will be with you, and I will make you happy.
167: 119 And he said unto him, Behold, I will give thee thy eyes, and thy eyes shall be with thee;
168: 119 Behold, I have seen my face, and your feet are in your hands; for all my ways are gone, and we will not betray thee.
169: 119 Thou shalt not see thy eyes, and thy face shall face thee: the LORD thy God;
170: 119 Thou shalt not prostrate yourselves; for before thy face shall be thy strength, I will give thee strength: thou shalt not save me.
171: 119 Thou shalt not raise the mouth of the lips: but thou shalt be afraid;
172: 119 Thou hast said unto me, I will say unto thee, Behold, all thy distress shall be upon thee.
173: 119 Behold, my children are with you; they are my strength, because I am with you, because I am afraid of you, because I am afraid of you.
174: 119 Thou shalt bring forth thy sorrows, but the LORD thy God, and the LORD thy God, and thy people,
175: 119 Thou shalt give me strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength: and I will give thee justice.
176: 119 Thou hast gone astray, when thy servant shall be put to shame, thy servants shall be ashamed of thee: for they shall not be thirsty, but thy servants shall not be satisfied.
‪xxxx  Chapter 120   (7 verses)‬
1: 120 That is the light of the Lord, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty.
2: 120 Yea, the son of Aaron, the son of Levi, the son of Levi, the son of Levi, the son of Joseph;
3: 120 What is your name and your name?
4: 120 Hazzi, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty;
5: 120 אֽייוָהה- ל֭י֭י כי- גּ֣רּ֣ריי מ֑שְש שש֝ש֝ה֝ה֗ה֗ה֗נתנ עי עֽבֽם-ָהה֥ל֥י קה קדדֽרֽר:
6: 120 And Rabath the daughter of Sodah, the son of Nafsh, the son of Nafsh, the children of Simeon;
7: 120 I am the one who has the power of the Lord, and I will not be afraid of him, but I will return to the kingdom of God.
‪xxxx  Chapter 121   (8 verses)‬
1: 121 And it is not easy for me, but I am afraid of them, but I am afraid of them, but I am not afraid of them, but I am not afraid of them, but I am afraid of them.
2: 121 And my lord, what is the word of the LORD, is he, that is, he hath made the name of the name of the name, and the land of the land?
3: 121 Do not let them go down to your feet, do not let your feet go down, but you will not be afraid of them.
4: 121 Behold, there is no god but God: for they are not, and they are not; they are men, but they are not, and they are not.
5: 121 The LORD, O LORD, keep thy promise, O LORD, O LORD, I will send thee into the land of the children of Israel.
6: 121 The day of the Six Day War was over, and there was no need for it.
7: 121 And he said, Behold, I will keep you safe from all evil, and I will keep you from destroying your soul.
8: 121 Behold, O LORD, keep thy promise, and bring thee forth from the midst of the earth, and even unto them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 122   (9 verses)‬
1: 122 It is the light of the Lord, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
2: 122 And the feet of the LORD shall be rolled up, and they shall rejoice in the midst of the grass, and they shall be in their beds.
3: 122 The children of Israel, the sons of the sons of the tribe of Kohir, of the city of Shehura, of Laban, Yahud of Judah.
4: 122 And when they were over, they were still captivated, and the captives of Israel were still witnesses to Israel, so that they would not be able to return to their land, because Jehovah is the LORD.
5: 122 When the people of Israel die, they return to their land, and they return to the land of Israel, so that they may return to the land of Israel.
6: 122 And these are the men of the children of Israel: they are the children of Israel, and they are the children of Israel, and they are the ones who love you.
7: 122 Behold, I am with you, and I will be with you in the midst of you, and I will be with you in the midst of your cities.
8: 122 But when I heard the word of the LORD, I said, "I will not go down!" I said, "I am speaking."
9: 122 To the house of the LORD, come to the house of Yahweh, O God, our God, O Abraham, and the Lord.
‪xxxx  Chapter 123   (4 verses)‬
1: 123 It is the light of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
2: 123 Behold, they are like the eyes of the servants; they are not for ever; they have been condemned, but they are not like the eyes of the people, but the people of Israel have not returned to the land of Israel, but they have not returned to the land of Israel.
3: 123 We are the children of the LORD, the LORD of hosts, the sons of Hanan, for they are in the house of the Lord.
4: 123 The greatness of the people of the world, the greatness of the people, the greatness of the people, the greatness of the people, the greatness of the people, the greatness of the people, and the greatness of the people.
‪xxxx  Chapter 124   (8 verses)‬
1: 124 The light of the Lord, the Lord of the heavens, the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
2: 124 Lo! Yea, lo, yea, lo, yea, lo!
3: 124 The children of Israel live in Hell, and they commit adultery in the midst of their sins.
4: 124 Wherefore hast thou the command of the flood, and behold, it is the fountain of light? [1] And the people of Naphshah saw us.
5: 124 I am the servant of the people of the tribe of Nefesh, the king of Israel, who is the ruler of the land.
6: 124 Behold, the LORD your God is the one who has given birth to you, so that you have not given up to them.
7: 124 Nafsheh, the captain of the tribe of Nemlata, was in the house of the king of Israel, and the people of the tribe of Israel were captivated, and our people were destroyed.
8: 124 We have given thanks to them in the name of the LORD, and he hath made them to live there, and they are there.
‪xxxx  Chapter 125   (5 verses)‬
1: 125 And the people of the land, the men of the tribe of Israel, were promised to him, and they were not in the house of the LORD, but the people of Zion, the children of Zion, were not.
2: 125 The children of Jerusalem were raised up, and the people of Sabibib were not there, and they were with them, and the people of the land were still with them, and they were not with them.
3: 125 And when they came, they came to the house of the tribe of Sheba, and they returned to the land of Gilead, and they brought it to the land of Zion, and they were not to Mizna'an; they did not send it to them, but the people of Zadik came to them in their tents, and their hands were in their hands.
4: 125 And they turned to Yahweh, and they turned to him, and they turned to the LORD, and they were not in their hearts.
5: 125 And they shall not be cursed, nor shall they be cursed, but they shall come to them, and they shall bring them down.
‪xxxx  Chapter 126   (6 verses)‬
1: 126 The light of the Lord is upon us, and the light of the Lord is upon us, and in the midst of the earth, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, and the Son of God.
2: 126 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not shout; and the wicked shall not go down; and the tongues shall not rejoice; they shall not be afraid; they shall not speak; they shall be ashamed of them, and they shall not be ashamed.
3: 126 The children of Judah, the children of Israel, did not do anything with us;
4: 126 So they returned to Yahweh, and returned to us, and returned to them, as they were, and they were not in the house.
5: 126 The seed is not in the hearing, but it is in the heat of the earth.
6: 126 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt go down: and thou shalt not be satisfied; for there is no god but thee;
‪xxxx  Chapter 127   (5 verses)‬
1: 127 And the light of the Lord is upon him, and upon him is his strength, and he is not with him, but he is with him, and he is with him, and he is not with him.
2: 127 ש֤֤ו֤ו לככ֨םם | מששׁככּ֪ימיי ק֡וּּם מאאֽֽחֵריי-ש֗֗בתת א֭֭כלליי ל֣חֶםם העעצצָב֑֑ם כּ֤ן֤ן יתתּ֖ן֖ן לֽיִד֣יד֣ו שהֵנננֽאא:
3: 127 Behold, the inheritance of the LORD is upon us: for we are sons; for it is so, and so is the land of the LORD.
4: 127 And as for the children of Gibor, the sons of Gibor, the sons of Nunor, the sons of Nahor.
5: 127 I will be glad to see you, and I will be glad to see you, and I will return to you, and I will be glad to see you.
‪xxxx  Chapter 128   (6 verses)‬
1: 128 And the light of the Lord is upon me, and I will not go astray, but my flesh shall be full, O LORD, O LORD, be merciful unto me, and I will bring thee in thy righteousness.
2: 128 Thou shalt not eat thy hands, because thou shalt not eat;
3: 128 Your wife is like this: כְּגּ֥פּ֥ן פִיּרִיי֮ה בְּירככ֪ת֪ת֪ה ב֫יררככ֪ת֪ת֪ה ב֭י֫י֥ת֥ת֥ך ב֭י֭ניךיך כיך כיך כיך כיך כי כי כי כה כה כי כי כה כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ
4: 128 Behold, this is so, that it shall be blessed: for the LORD hath rebelled against the LORD.
5: 128 Thy heart hath blessed thee, O LORD, the LORD, and he hath given thee strength;
6: 128 And they saw the children of your sons, because of thee, that the children of Israel were brought up against the children of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 129   (8 verses)‬
1: 129 The light of the Lord is upon me, and I will go up to the house of the LORD, and I will be with you, and I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will return to you.
2: 129 And the children of Tzarar were afraid of me, because they were blind, but they were not able to be consumed.
3: 129 The people of Chorash, who were horsemen, were not the inhabitants of the land;
4: 129 Yahweh, the son of Zadik, the son of Zippor, the son of Zerah, the son of Zerah, the son of Zerah.
5: 129 And they were ashamed, and they were angry with each other, and they were angry with them, so that they were hated.
6: 129 Behold, he is the captain of the tower, the tower of the sun, which is the south of the valley;
7: 129 For he is not a man, but he is a cow, and he is a crow, and his half is not.
8: 129 And it came to pass, that the people of Israel, the people of the LORD, were destroyed, and the LORD, the LORD, was with them;
‪xxxx  Chapter 130   (8 verses)‬
1: 130 The light of the Lord, the heavens, the heavens, the heavens, the heavens, the earth, and the earth.
2: 130 Adonai heard the voice of the people of Israel, saying, "Behold, I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will return to you."
3: 130 If ye shall not be saved, keep your guardians: thou shalt be afraid of me.
4: 130 For when thy people go down against the threshing-floor, they will not be afraid.
5: 130 I will not be able to bring you back, but I will give you strength, and I will give you strength.
6: 130 Nafshai! Come to me, O Israel! Keep up the fire, and bring it to the grave, and keep it to be cold.
7: 130 The Israelites came to the house of Yahweh, so that the people of Judah, the people of Judah, would not enter into the land, and they would fight against it, even with their families.
8: 130 And the LORD hath redeemed the Israelites, and they are not numbered;
‪xxxx  Chapter 131   (3 verses)‬
1: 131 The light of the Lord is on the earth, and the people of Israel, the Lord of the Universe, are the LORD, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, and not of the earth, nor of our eyes, nor of us, nor of us, nor of us, nor of us, nor of us, nor of us.
2: 131 If my mother is not my shepherd, I will go back to him, and I will go back to him, and he will not go down.
3: 131 Yea, the voice of Israel went up to the LORD, and he said unto them, I will not go down with them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 132   (18 verses)‬
1: 132 The light of the Lord is in the midst of the generations, and the memory of the LORD is upon him, and upon David all the nations of the world are full of his troubles.
2: 132 As for the people of the tribe, who sat down to Yahweh, the son of Noah, the son of David, the father of Jacob, the son of Jacob.
3: 132 If it comes to them that is in the house of the LORD, if the people of Israel go up against the land of Jeshua,
4: 132 If ye are, ye shall not enter into the eyes of the LORD, but they shall not be angry with you.
5: 132 Even if Amazah came from the place of the LORD, he was the one who gave him the gift of the LORD, and he gave it to Abir the son of Jacob.
6: 132 Behold, it is the name of the name of the Lord, that is, in the land of Ephrath, that we have been saved in the fields of the LORD.
7: 132 And the people of the house of the LORD shall be brought to the tabernacle, and they shall not be put to death, but they shall keep their feet.
8: 132 And he said unto him, Let me give thee rest: thou shalt be satisfied with me, and behold, I will bring thee forth.
9: 132 As for you, they shall bring forth your righteousness, and destroy your heart: they shall rejoice.
10: 132 When I say, I am the servant of your servant, I am your servant;
11: 132 And the LORD shall return to the land of David, and thou shalt be faithful to the Lord, and he shall not be satisfied with the LORD.
12: 132 And if you keep them, your son will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
13: 132 When the LORD, the LORD, is in the midst of the children of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, return to the land of Israel.
14: 132 This is the place of rest: behold, I will make sure that I am not satisfied with it.
15: 132 Thou shalt see thy seed, that I may bring thee forth: for I will give it to thee, and I will return to it.
16: 132 And this is what they have done to Abyssinia, the tenth of the sixth, and the one that has been destroyed, and they are the ones who have run away.
17: 132 And when they were there, they came to the house of the captain of the house of David, and he returned to the land of Israel;
18: 132 And his sons gave him bread, and the man was young, and his wife was young;
‪xxxx  Chapter 133   (3 verses)‬
1: 133 The light of the Lord is the voice of the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Word of the Lord, the Word of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe,
2: 133 As for the people of the tribe of Israel: for the chief of the tribe of Israel has been afraid of the land of Zachan, Zachan, Aaron, and Aaron, for they have been rebellious against the people of the land.
3: 133 As a rod of clay, a rod that fell down upon the mountains, and they were in their hands, and they were burned, so that their eyes were filled with light, and they gave up their heads.
‪xxxx  Chapter 134   (3 verses)‬
1: 134 And it is the light of the Lord, that is, the light of the Lord, that is, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Son of the Son, and the Son of the Son,
2: 134 And they said unto them, Come, they shall be blessed, and they shall bring forth the LORD.
3: 134 Thou shalt bless thee, O Jehovah, O my Lord;
‪xxxx  Chapter 135   (21 verses)‬
1: 135 And they said unto him, Thou shalt go down unto them, O Jehovah, O LORD, have they been cursed, servants of the LORD?
2: 135 The people of Israel are in the midst of the LORD, the Son of God, in the midst of the children of Nazareth, and in the midst of the LORD our God.
3: 135 The LORD said, Because the Lord hath said, O LORD, be merciful unto him;
4: 135 And when the yoke of Jacob came to him, he returned to his house, and he returned to his house, and he returned to his house.
5: 135 When I was awake, I knew that the Lord, the Lord, was with you, and the LORD was with us, all the gods of God.
6: 135 As for the people of the tribe of Hachof, the LORD, the LORD, that is in the midst of the earth, and they came to the land, and they were there, and all the nations were amazed.
7: 135 מֽעֲע֣ל֣ה נ נששִאִיא֮מ֮מְצּ֪ה הה ה֫א֫א֥֥ר בץ בְּּרקק֣ם לממָּּט֣֣ר עששָ֑א֑ה מֽוצצאא-ר֝וּח מ מֽאֽוצצרורֽתֽהו
8: 135 And the people of Sodah said: "Behold, I will be blessed, and I will not be afraid of them, nor shall I be afraid of them."
9: 135 It is a hundred and fifty years, and there is a multitude of people, and the people of Israel are in the midst of the land of Egypt, in the midst of the wilderness, and in all the workers of the land.
10: 135 He said to him, "Say, I am the one who has mercy on you, and I will go to you." Narrated by al-Hakim.
11: 135 Thou shalt not rejoice: for thy power hath gone down, and the thorns of the flesh have come down to thee, and they shall not be filled with thorns;
12: 135 And it came to pass, that their land was destroyed, that Nahalah, the son of Nahal, came to Israel, and his people were with him.
13: 135 Yea, your name is on the earth; for it is their bread, and it is the wine of your vineyard.
14: 135 And when the children of Jahadiah were with him, he was with him, and his people went up against him, and they turned away from them.
15: 135 I saddened you, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty.
16: 135 Behold, they will not be afraid; they will not see the eyes of them, but they will be destroyed, and they will not see.
17: 135 Then they gave up to them, and they did not come, and they did not come, but there was none in their mouths.
18: 135 As for them, ye shall do what they have done, but the things which are in them shall be fulfilled.
19: 135 Behold, the children of Israel have blessed the LORD, and they have been blessed.
20: 135 Behold, the children of Israel have blessed the LORD, and they have given it to them, and they have given it to them, and they have given it to them.
21: 135 In the name of the LORD your God is the LORD, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds.
‪xxxx  Chapter 136   (26 verses)‬
1: 136 Blessed be He, O Lord, for He is the Lord, for He is the Lord of the worlds.
2: 136 Behold, I pray thee, O God, the LORD is gone, because they are not worthy, but they are his servants.
2: 136 Behold, they have given thanks to the Lord, for they have gone to heaven, so that they may rise up, but they will not be destroyed.
4: 136 For he that hath made him suffer a great thing, and great things;
5: 136 Thou shalt do it to the heavens that are in the house of the LORD, for they are not worthy, but they are their sanctuary.
6: 136 For the LORD hath given the land upon the earth, for it is not for them, but they have been destroyed.
7: 136 To the men who were in the midst of the earth, they were great;
8: 136 And the sun shall be filled with water, and they shall not be destroyed;
9: 136 And the chariots, and the chariots, to the king, and to the children of the children of Israel, so that they may go up to their tents, and they will not be afraid.
10: 136 For the children of the children of Makkah are in the midst of their generations, because they are not worthy;
11: 136 And the Israelites came out of their midst, so that they might not go up, because they were afraid of their sins.
12: 136 In the midst of the wickedness, and of the wickedness, and of the foolishness of the children;
13: 136 To Goshen, Yum-sahuf, to cut off the stones, so that they might go up to their tents, and they would be destroyed.
14: 136 And the people shall be ashamed of the children of Israel, so that they may go up to their tents.
15: 136 And the wicked man of Pharaoh went up to him, and his soldiers were in the midst of them, even though they were not able to live.
16: 136 Thou shalt not go down to thy house, because it is in the wilderness, that ye may not lift up their tents.
17: 136 Whosoever maketh great things, they are great: for they shall not go up, but they shall be destroyed.
18: 136 And the men of the angels went down from the midst of the mighty, and the children of Israel came to them;
19: 136 And to Yahweh your descendants are saying: 'Behold, ye shall not go up, for they are not afraid.'
20: 136 And the wonders of you shall be taken away from you, so that they may go up to the ground, but they will not be destroyed.
21: 136 And I will give them up to the children of Nahla, because they will not go up to their tents, but they will be destroyed.
22: 136 The people of Israel went up to the servant of his servants, so that they might return to their land.
23: 136 For he who is in us has failed us, so remember us, for they are not worthy, for they are not afraid.
24: 136 And the children of Mizorah, who were among us, came out of Egypt, so that they might not be saved.
25: 136 They gave them bread to all the children, so that they could not go up, because they were afraid of them.
26: 136 Behold, they have gone up to the heavens, but they have not gone up, but their sanctuary has gone down.
‪xxxx  Chapter 137   (9 verses)‬
1: 137 The people of Nahar are the generations of the children of Israel, and the people of the land of Israel.
2: 137 The people of Arbaab are in thy house, and they are not with us, nor are our priests.
3: 137 And when they were finished, they came to Saul, and they were not captivated, they spoke to us, and spoke to the fire, and they cursed us, and they rejoiced; they made light to us, and they gave light to the fire of Zion.
4: 137 I will give you the light of the song of Yahweh, but I will not go down with you.
5: 137 And when the people of the land of Israel die, they shall not return to their land;
6: 137 Thou shalt not give up the tongue of the tongue: for it hath been blessed unto me, that it hath come unto me, that I may remember it, but I will not bring it to thee: and I will bring up Jeruselem unto them;
7:37 Remember the LORD, the Lord, the Son, the Son, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son, the Son, the Son, the Lord, the Lord, the Son, the Son, the Son, the Son, and the Son.
8: 137 The daughter of Baabal, the sheep, and the sheep, are they, that is, that is, that thou shalt not return to the house of Gomorrah, because thou hast done not come to us?
9: 137 And he said unto him, And he that is, and he hath turned away from thee, and he hath turned away from thee,
‪xxxx  Chapter 138   (8 verses)‬
1: 138 To David, your lord is in the heart of the heart, but the Lord is the God of God, and I will not go back to you.
2: 138 Behold, I pray thee unto thee, thy sanctuary, and thou shalt bring thy name upon thy throne, and upon thy mother, when thou shalt go up against all thy sages, and thou shalt say thy word.
3: 138 Behold, I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
4: 138 Behold, I will give thee all the things of the earth, that I may go astray, and say unto me, I pray thee:
5: 138 And they went straight in the way of the LORD, because the LORD was with them, and they were not like the children of Judah.
6: 138 For I have seen them, the LORD, the LORD, and the people of the land;
7: 138 If the God of you is in me, I will be in the midst of my sorrow, and I will be with you, but I will not be with you, but I will not be with you. [C] You will be able to give your hand, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
8: 138 YHWH, YHWH, I am the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds!
‪xxxx  Chapter 139   (24 verses)‬
1: 139 For he who is victorious shall bear witness to the commandment of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
2: 139 You are the one who knows that you have returned to me, and you have been sanctified. I have given you to the LORD.
3: 139 Behold, thou shalt be satisfied with me, and multiply me with thy seed, and consume all thy wealth.
4: 139 When I cried, I said unto her, I am not in thy tongue;
5: 139 Behold, I am the LORD of the Universe, and I am the LORD of the worlds;
6: 139 * Glory be to God, Glory be to Him, Lord of the worlds, and of the people of the land.
7: 139 Now, we are not, but God is your God, your spirit, and your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength, your strength. "
8: 139 If Esauq is a scepter of water, then they are the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is your God.
9: 139 I will not be like the wings of another, but I will bring them back to me in another time, and they will come again.
10: 139 Even though your hands are still there, thou shalt give me rest, and I will give you strength, and I will give you wine.
11: 139 And I will say unto thee, Thou shalt not be satisfied, and I will be ashamed of you, and I will come to you, and I will be with you in the midst of me.
12: 139 Behold, thou shalt not be afraid of thy neighbor, nor thy neighbor, nor thy neighbor: for theirs is a reproach;
13: 139 Wherefore, thou shalt give up the children of the children of Israel, so that you may not be afflicted with me, because I am in the midst of adultery.
14: 139 I am your master, O LORD, because I am afraid of you, and I am afraid of you, and I am afraid of you, and I will not be afraid of you.
15: 139 I will not forget you, but I will not be ashamed of you, but I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
16: 139 ג'למ֤֤י! ר֘א֤הו ע עינינ֗יך ו ועעֽל- ספפְר֮ך כּּלּ֪ה֪ם יככּ֫ה֫ה֫ה֥ה֥ה֥הָהָם יציצצ֑ב֑ה֑ה֑ה֑ה ו ולאל֖ב֖ה אחח֣ד בם בההֽםם:
17: 139 And, behold, what is the meaning of thy name, which is thy neighbor, that is, the seed of the earth?
18: 139 Behold, thou shalt not be afraid of them; and he shall not be angry with me: and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee.
19: 139 If thou shalt bring up the LORD, the LORD shall be satisfied, and the people of the land shall be destroyed, and they shall not be destroyed.
20: 139 As for the people of your nation, I have commanded you, for the time of your life, I will bring it to you.
21: 139 Behold, thou shalt not be afraid of thy neighbor, O Jehovah, thou shalt be afraid, and thou shalt not return to thy sanctuary.
22: 139 Thou shalt reprove the transgression, which ye hate;
23: 139 I will be careful, and I will be with you, and I will go back to my heart, and I will return to my house, and I will return to you.
24: 139 And he saw, If thou shalt go down, and be steadfast in me, and I will be ashamed, because I am in thy way;
‪xxxx  Chapter 140   (14 verses)‬
1: 140 Let us not take the time of the Lord unto David:
2: 140 Thou shalt not give me strength, but I will give it to them, and I will give it to them.
3: 140 As for the wicked, they are evil; they are not in the midst of all evil;
4: 140 He went to sleep for two hours, and then he went to sleep. He went to the house of the king, and he went to the house of the king.
5: 140 Save me, O LORD, O LORD, Lord of the worlds, O Lord, Lord of the worlds, I am the Lord of the earth, O Israel, I will be saved, and I will be victorious, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
6: 140 And he said unto him, Come, thou shalt not go, and I will not go down.
7: 140 Am I afraid of him, because I am afraid of you, my daughter, my daughter, my daughter, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, your father, wife, wife, wife, husband or wife!
8: 140 Yea, behold, my lord is with me, and I am afraid of you, but I am afraid of you, and I am afraid of you.
9: 140 Do not you give me the gift of the LORD, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, and of the Lord of the Worlds?
10: 140 The Lord, the Lord, the Savior, the Savior, the Ammonite, the Ammonite, the Ammonite, and the Ammonite.
11: 140 * And they shall not go up against them, but they shall not be ashamed; but they shall not be put to shame; but they shall not be destroyed.
12: 140 There is no man, no man, no man, no man, no man, neither man nor man, neither man nor man, neither man nor man.
13: 140 * Thou hast known, Thy handmaiden: for there is no god but thee, and there is no god;
14: 140 Do you not have children, and you shall not be ashamed of yourselves, but you shall be ashamed of your face.
‪xxxx  Chapter 141   (10 verses)‬
1: 141 A time of mourning for the Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the Worlds.
2: 141 Behold, thou shalt be humble, and thou shalt not cut down thy face before thee: for thou shalt bring it forth, so that thou shalt not set it apart.
3: 141 Behold, the LORD hath taken care of him, and he hath given him strength: for he hath given up his lips;
4: 141 Do not be afraid of me, but I am not afraid of them, but I am not afraid of them, neither of them, nor of them, nor of them, nor of them.
5: 141 And he said unto him, I am the son of David; and there is none other than me; for there is no man; but the chief of the people is not;
6: 141 And the rulers of Szelethem took refuge in their captives, and they heard them, saying, "O my people!"
7: 141 And as for him, he hath fallen, and he hath broken down in the land, and he is broken: and we have gone up against him, before the children of Israel;
8: 141 When my God is with thee, behold, I am with thee, O eyes of my eyes, and in me, I am with you, and I will not be with you.
9: 141 Behold, I will keep my hands on my mouth, and I will be ashamed of them, and they will not be oppressed, neither shall I be afraid of them.
10: 141 He shall be afflicted with wickedness, and the wicked shall be wicked: for he shall not be afraid; but he shall not be angry with him.
‪xxxx  Chapter 142   (8 verses)‬
1: 142 He who is the king of the children of the Lord, is the Lord of the LORD, the Lord of the worlds.
2: 142 And I will bring unto thee, O LORD, O Israel, I will bring thee forth: and I will come unto thee;
3: 142 I beseech thee, before thee, thou shalt speak: thou shalt be thirsty;
4: 142 In the midst of the foolishness of the Lord, the spirit of the Spirit, and of the Lord, the Lord, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Son, the Son, the Son, the Son, and the Father.
5: 142 The father of the sons of the king, and of the people of the land, and of the people of the land, the Lord of the worlds.
6: 142 I will give you my heart, and I will give it to you, but I will not give it to you, but I will not give it to you, but I will not give it to you.
7: 142 The captain of the tribe of Abraham, of blessed memory, said to the children of Israel, "I am the one who saved the people, and the people of Mordecai, the people of Israel, have not come from me."
8: 142 The Lord of the Worlds has given up the souls of the people of Israel, and the people of Israel have been with you for a long time.
‪xxxx  Chapter 143   (12 verses)‬
1: 143 From the time of the Lord's birth, the Lord is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Lord of the Throne, the Compassionate, the Compassionate, the Compassionate, the Compassionate, and the Merciful.
2: 143 And thou shalt not go out, but judge thy servant, because thou shalt not go forth, and thou shalt bring thee forth before thy face;
3: 143 When the Lord saw the light of the day of the Day of Resurrection, the Lord gave birth to the earth, and the life of the living was fulfilled.
4: 143 And thou shalt clap on them: for they are spirit, but they are in the hearts of the men, and they have been shut up;
5: 143 So, my eyes are full of me: I have given up all my things, and I have done all things to you;
6: 143 Behold, I have given thee a hand: for I am thy God, Nafshah, for me. כְּאֽאֽרֽר-עע-עעֵע֖פ֖ה לךך֣֣ סֽלָהל:ה
7: 143 מ֘ה֤ה֤ר֤ר עננ֨נ֨נ |י! יהוו֮ה֮ה כָּּלתת֪֪ה ר֫וּח֥ת֥י אלל-תּּסתתּ֣ר פר פָּנ֣֣יך מִ מממ֑֑נִּּי֝֝נממשש֗֗֗לתתִּּי עםם֥֥֥רדדיי בֽורר::
8: 143 The heavens and the earth are in the midst of the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
9: 143 He rescued me, and I am not averse to me: O Jehovah, O God, I am thy God, my throne.
10: 143 I am not afraid of you, but I am afraid of you, because I have not seen you, but God is my God, Lord of the worlds, my Lord, your Lord, my Lord, my goodness, my goodness, my goodness, my goodness, my goodness.
11: 143 For the sake of thy name is Jehovah, O Jehovah, Thou shalt give me strength in thy righteousness: thou shalt not give up the land of Egypt, nor shall my soul be saved.
12: 143 And in thy sanctuary thou shalt not be thirsty, but thou shalt be afraid, and thou shalt not cause any trouble; for I will not go away, for I am not working.
‪xxxx  Chapter 144   (15 verses)‬
1: 144 To David, the Lord of the Universe is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Merciful.
2: 144 חססדּדּ֥ד֥י וממּצָּדּ֮ת֮י מששגגּׂבּ֪ב֪י וי וֽם מפפלל֫ט֫י ל֥ל֥י֥י מ֭גננ וי ו֣בּ֣ו֣י חָס֑יִיי הי הרורדד֖ד עממ֣֣י ת תחחּֽתֽה::
3: 144 The LORD, O LORD, is the LORD, the LORD, the Son, the Son, and the Savior, and the Son of God.
4: 144 The Lord, the Lord, is the One, and He is the One;
5: 144 The LORD your God is great, and you shall fear the mountains, and we will make you happy.
6: 144 Behold, they are in the midst of the earth, and they shall not be oppressed;
7: 144 Behold, your hands are in your hands, from the mouth of the earth, and from the mouth of my mouth, and from me, they have saved me from what they have multiplied, and I am not afraid of them.
8: 144 As the children of Israel said, "Speak to them, speak to them, and speak to them, and they will be counted among them."
9: 144 God is the Lord, the light of the light, the light of the fire, the light of the fire, the light of the Lord, the light of the earth, the light of the earth, the light of the flesh.
10: 144 You shall not be satisfied, but I will not be afraid of you, but I will take away my servant, and I will serve his servant, because he will be the cause of evil.
11: 144 Behold, I am the one who has saved me, and I have been in the land of the sons of Israel, so that the people of Israel have died, and the people of Israel have not spoken, and they have been afraid of them.
12: 144 As for the children of the children of Israel, the children of the children of Galilee, the children of Israel, the children of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
13: 144 We have made a mockery of them; they have given up; they have been given up; they have been saved; they have not been saved; they have not been saved; they have been burned;
14: 144 Do you not have mercy on them, because they are not with them, but they are not, but they are not, and they are not, and they are not, and they are not, and they are not.
15: 144 Behold, I am the people who have made it so that they may not be satisfied, but I am afraid of them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 145   (21 verses)‬
1: 145 Thou shalt not give up thy hand, nor thy glory, nor thy God, nor thy God, nor thy God, but thy God, and thy father;
2: 145 Behold, I am your father, and I will praise thee, for thy scepter is great;
2: 145 The Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Universe, is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the One, and the Most High, the One, and the Most High.
4: 145 The Lord shall dwell upon the house of the LORD, and he shall return to you, and he shall return to your land.
5: 145 Behold, the Lord is like the voice of your Lord, and speak to me, and speak to me: your wonders are with you;
6: 145 And you shall be afraid of your fear, and your greatness, and your greatness, and your greatness, I will give you strength.
7: 145 Behold, thy greatness is great: for he hath brought forth thy seed, and thy righteousness, and he hath given us strength.
8: 145 Behold, the LORD, and the spirit of the LORD, is the LORD, and he is the LORD, and he is the LORD, and he is the greatest.
9: 145 The goodness of the LORD is upon thee, and the LORD hath mercy on him, and on all his works.
10: 145 Behold, thy Lord hath given thee all thy works, and thy soul hath destroyed thee, and hath blessed thee.
11: 145 As for the people of your kingdom, they are saying: "Be fruitful, and raise your strength, and you shall be mighty."
12: 145 To the Lord of the worlds, the sons of the Lord, the Lord, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the Universe.
13: 145 מֽֽלכוכוּתךך֗֗ מלל֥כּ֥ת כת כלּל-עעֽלממ֑֑ם ו֝֝מֽֽמששׁללתתְּּך֗֗ בְּּכ-דל- ד֥ורו ור וֽדֽו:ר:
14: 145 They have made you happy for all the nobles, and the zoologists have come to all the people of the world.
15: 145 I will return to you, O God, to you, and return to me, and I will return to you, and I will give them food for you.
16: 145 Behold, I will take your hand away from thee, and return it to all things, even unto me.
17: 145 Thou shalt not go in the midst of thy wrath, nor thou shalt be afraid of all things.
18: 145 The Lord of the Universe, the Lord of all nations, has given to all the people of Israel.
19: 145 The will of his people shall see him, and he shall make them happy, and they shall be satisfied with them: and they shall be saved, and they shall be saved.
20: 145 They shall not be afraid of all the love, but all the wicked shall be gone.
21: 145 The praise of the LORD, O LORD, is upon you, O Lord of the Universe, and all of you are blessed, and the flesh of their flesh is holy, and their sanctuary is high.
‪xxxx  Chapter 146   (10 verses)‬
1: 146 The children of Israel, the children of Israel, the children of Israel;
2: 146 O God, O LORD, O LORD, live in me, and I will come to you, and I will return to you.
3: 146 Do not you trust in the children of the sons of Adam, that is, the people of Israel?
4: 146 Thou shalt bring forth his wrath, that he may return to his land, and that he may be in his house, and behold, he shall be lost, and he shall not be consumed.
5: 146 As for the people of Israel, the people of Yazak, the people of Israel, are in the midst of their wickedness;
6: 146 He did it, and he gave them to the people, and all the people that were with them, the people that had been destroyed, were destroyed;
7: 146 He did not have mercy on them, but they did not give up their lives; they were hungry; they were hungry; they were afraid of them;
8: 146 Jehovah, the Lord, the Lord, the Father, the Father, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Father,
9: 146 Yahweh, peace be upon him, hath brought forth unto the Lord, the day of the wicked, and the man of the people, the people of Israel, and the Lord of the wicked;
10: 146 Thou art the Lord, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O Lord, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God!
‪xxxx  Chapter 147   (20 verses)‬
1: 147 Hail, thou shalt go forth: and the Lord shall be with us, saying, O God, be with us, for we are not;
2: 147 And the children of Israel rebelled against them, but the LORD said to them, "Behold, I will reject you, and I will bring you to Israel."
3: 147 He who is mindful of the captives shall return to the Lord, and he shall be faithful to them.
4: 147 And Moses, the son of the king, went up to the house of the king;
5: 147 Behold, O Lord, do not judge us, and multiply, so that thou mayest understand him;
6: 147 Behold, the people of Adon are afraid of Jehovah, the LORD of Israel, of Mesopotamia, of the wicked, but of the people of the land.
7: 147 Behold, I pray thee, O God, that is in thy kingdom, O God, remember, O God, we are not in the midst of sorrow.
8: 147 Hmmm the miktasam is the name of the name: ׁ֨֨֨ | ב בעעב֗֗ הַ הַ הַמֵ֣֣ הַ הַ הַמ מ מ מ֑ הַ הַ הַ ח ח֖ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח.
9: 147 They will not be able to give it to them, but they will return to their homes, and they will return to their land.
10: 147 Lo! It is not in the morning, but it is in the heat of the sea, and it is in the heat of the sea.
11: 147 I want you to see that you have seen the people, and you have given up the promise of mercy to the people.
12: 147 And I will return to you, and I will bring you up to the Lord, and I will give you a gift, and I will return to you.
13: 147 When the wickedness of thy life is gone, I will make thee glad, and thy son shall come to thee in thy hand.
14: 147 The name is your greatness, and it is your power, and your heart is full of joy.
15: 147 The man that hath said, Thou shalt say unto him, Thou shalt not go down until he hath given up the land of the LORD;
16: 147 And the children of the children of Israel, the children of the children of Israel, were cut off from the sea, and the fire was broken.
17: 147 What is your name, Your name, Your name, Your name, Your name, Your name, Your name, Your name, Your name, Your name.
18: 147 Shall the people of Israel be destroyed, and they shall be trampled upon, and the people of the land shall return to their land, and they shall rejoice.
19: 147 מג'ג֣יד * דברו ** דְּּברר֣֣יו לייעעקק֑בב חקקּ֥֥ו ווִִ֝שׁפפטט֗֗יו לִישׂרראאֽל:ל::
20: 147 Behold, there is no god but them: for all the judgments, and judgment, they are not in the knowledge of them, and they are not worthy of them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 148   (14 verses)‬
1: 148 And they said unto him, Behold, thou shalt surely bring the LORD out of heaven: for the LORD hath taken him away, and hath taken him away from the earth.
2: 148 And the LORD hath given him all his strength, and the LORD hath given him all his strength: his army, his army, and his people.
3: 148 And they brought him to the house of the king, and he gave him five hundred shekels, and all these things went to him,
4: 148 And they brought him to the name of Shem, the name of the people, and the people of the land, which were not in the land of the heavens.
5: 148 And they gave them unto them, O Jehovah, because they were not, they were not commanded, and they were born, and they feared.
6: 148 And they rose up to the ground, and went up to them, and they were still alive, and they were not, and they were not.
7: 148 Whosoever hath taken the LORD out of the land, thou art vain, and all things are with him.
8: 148 And he went up to the ground, and the snow was broken, and the stream of trees was broken, and the trees were still there.
9: 148 Behold, all the waters shall be filled with bread, and all the trees shall be full.
10: 148 The LORD, the Son of God, and all the people of the world, see the city of Nazareth, and the city of Nazareth.
11: 148 The angel of the earth, and of all the nations of the world, the people of the land, and of the people of the land of Israel.
12: 148 They are young, and they are also very young; they are jealous of the children of the youth.
13: 148 Yahweh, peace be upon them, is the LORD, the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, and the people of the earth.
14: 148 And Jeremiah the son of the son of the king gave him the gift of the king, and he gave it to him, and to the children of Israel, and to the children of Israel, and to the children of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 149   (9 verses)‬
1: 149 Hah, let him go down, and behold, the fire was shining, and the light of the sun was shining, and the light of the sun was shining, and the light of the light was on it.
2: 149 He shall be ashamed of the children of Israel, and they shall bring him into the house of the children of Israel, so that they may return to their homes.
3: 149 Yea, the LORD hath made his name in the house of the king of the tribe of Beth-Zeph and the son of Zoram,
4: 149 When the LORD, the Son of God, came down to him with his people, he was afraid, and the people of Israel were ashamed of him.
5: 149 Yea, behold, they were afraid in the midst of the fire, and they were afraid of them, because they were not in their beds.
6: 149 Thou shalt not go up in their midst, and they shall be full of joy, and shall dwell in their hands.
7: 149 To do the things that were done to them;
8: 149 And Lazarus slew them, but they were in contempt, and they were destroyed, and they were not in trouble; they were in Brazil.
9: 149 To do the things in them, there is no god but them, and they shall not be afraid.
‪xxxx  Chapter 150   (6 verses)‬
1: 150 And the LORD hath said unto him, Thou shalt bring unto him the sanctity of his wickedness;
2: 150 And the LORD hath given him the glory of the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty;
3: 150 Thou shalt bring him unto the house of the wicked, and shalt thou shalt go down the hill, and he shall be in the house of the son of the king;
4: 150 Thou shalt bring unto him the bread, and the bread of the bread, and the bread, and the bread, and the bread of the corn;
5: 150 Whosoever is in the house of the Lord, shall the people of the world go astray;
6: 150 As for the people of the heavens, they are cursed, and they are afraid of them.
‪xxxx    End of Psalms (150 chapters, 2527 verses).
