‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.46. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Ruth (4 chapters, 85 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (22 verses)‬
1: 1 And there was in me the days of the children of Shaphat, and there was a wicked man in the land, and the people of Judah came to them, to fight them, Yahweh, that is, to live in the land of the land of Moab, and his wife, and his wife, and his sons, and his sons.
2: 1 and S֣m Ha֣is Aֽlim֡lc and Sm֩ Ast֨o Nam֜i and S֥m Snֽi-bn֣io | Mhl֤on and Clion֙ Afrt֔im Mb֥it L֖hm Ihod֑h and Ib֥ao Sdi-moa֖b and Iֽhio-sֽm:
3: 1 And it came to pass, when the gods came to thee, that there was a man, that they were tired, and that they were lifted up: they were they, and they were with them;
4: 1 And they took up their wives; they were women; they were not their fathers; they were wives; they were men; they were men, and they were men, and they were men of valor. And their wives were the women of the land, and they were there, and they returned to them, as they were seven men.
5: 1 And his mother was taken up with them, and they were still in the midst of them, and all of them went out, and they remained silent, and they remained silent, because they were children, because they were children, and their children were there.
6: 1 And thou shalt be strong, and it shall be full of them: and thou shalt return from the land of Moab, because it is that when the people hear it, it is not in the land of the LORD, but the people of Israel, because the people of the LORD have given up their nation, and have given their inheritance to their families.
7: 1 And thou shalt give up from the place where the woman was, that she was a woman, and that she was with him, that she was with him, and that she went to the house, and went to the house of the LORD, Yahweh,
8: 1 And I said to Naomi, "Behold, I will drink it all, and I will give it to you, so that it may be given to the sons of Israel, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
9: 1 Yea, yea, the LORD hath given them bread, and they have given them bread, and they have given them bread, and they have given them bread, and they have given it to them.
10: 1 And you shall not be afraid, for I am your God, and I am your God, and I will return to you.
11: 1 And I said to Naomi, "Behold, I am the son of the sons of Nunah." Why did not the people go to sleep with the people? And the children of the children of Israel were with them, and the sons of Israel were in the midst of them, and they were there, because they were not men.
12: 1 My son, the son of my sons, was born to you, so that I may be worthy of you, because I have given you bread for the sake of my life, for I have not yet given birth to my wife, because there is no hope for them.
13: 1 Behold, thou shalt give up the light of the fire; for it is so that the children of the children of Israel shall be ashamed of their wickedness, and they shall be ashamed of them, and they shall be ashamed of themselves. Behold, I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will not be with you, for I am not afraid of them.
14: 1 And thou shalt be cursed, and thou shalt not weep; and thou shalt not cling to the earth; and it shall be the bread of the grain; it shall be the bread of the bread, and the bread of the bread.
15: 1 And he said, 'Behold, there is a scepter, that you shall bring it to its people, and unto God, that it may be my heart, and I will be with you again, and I will return to you.'
16: 1 and T֤amr Rot֙ Al-tfgai-b֔i Lazb֖c Ls֣ob Mahr֑ic C֠i Al-as֨r Tlc֜i Al֗c and Bas֤r Tl֙ini֙ Al֔in Am֣c Am֔i and Alh֖ic Alhֽi:
17: 1 In the name of the Lord, I am the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the World.
18: 1 And you shall see that it is true that you have been obedient to him, that you have come to him, and you have come to him, so that you may not return to her.
19: 1 And the two of them sat down, and went to the house of their father, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they came to them, and they gave them bread, and they all went to them, all the cities, and they went up to them, and they rose up to the ground, and this is the land of the children of Naim.
20: 1 And I said unto her, Behold, thou shalt not come unto me; for I am not hungry; for I have been cursed; for I have been bitter; for I am not afraid of evil.
21: 1 I am full of melancholy, my God, and I will give them up, and I will give them back to me, O LORD, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
22: 1 And you shall return to me, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (23 verses)‬
1: 2 And behold, I heard the word of the Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Fire, and the Lord of the Fire.
2: 2 and Tamr֩ R֨ot Hmoabi֜h Aֽl-nam֗i Aֽlch-n֤a Hsdh֙ and Alkt֣h [Q] [n] [p] Bsbl֔im [Q] [n] [p] Ah֕r As֥r Amtza-h֖n Bain֑io and T֥amr L֖h Lc֥i Btֽi:
3: 2 And thou shalt go, and come, and thou shalt go to the land of the land, and it shall come to pass after the thorns, and it shall be colder than the land of the land, and it shall be the land of the land, and it shall be the land of the land, and the land of the land of the land.
4: 2 And Behold, Boaz, behold, thou shalt not have mercy on them, and he shall say unto them, Ye shall cut off the LORD: they shall be with thee, and they shall be saying unto him, Behold, I will bless thee, O LORD,
5: 2 And he said to Boaz, "Behold, I will go up to him, and the son of the son of the king shall be victorious, for he shall not be afraid;
6: 2 And the people of Nathar, the son of Nazareth, went up against the young man, and he rose up, and saw the youth of the land, saying, "O father of the LORD, there is no god but God, the Lord of the earth."
7: 2 And he said unto him, Thou shalt not go, and he shall not go back, and he shall be with him, and he shall be with him, and he shall be with him, and he shall be with him, and he shall be with him, and he shall be with him.
8: 2 And he said unto him, Come, I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will go to the house of the children of the house of the children of Israel, and the children of Israel shall not enter into the land of Israel, nor shall I be afraid of them.
9: 2 Ain֜ic Bsd֤h Asr-iktzron֙ and Hl֣ct [Q] [n] [v] Ahrih֔n Hl֥oa Tzo֛iti At-hnar֖im Lblt֣i Nga֑c and Tzm֗t and Hlct֙ Al-hcl֔im and St֕it Mas֥r Isab֖on Hnarֽim:
10: 2 And thou shalt go down upon the face of it, and thou shalt bring joy to the earth, and thou shalt say unto him, Behold, I fear thee, and I will not give thee strength; for I will give thee strength, and I will come to thee.
11: 2 and I֤an B֙az֙ and I֣amr L֔h Hg֨d Hg֜d L֗i C֤l Asr-asit֙ At-hmot֔c Ahr֖i M֣ot Ais֑c and Tֽazb֞i Ab֣ic [Q] [n] [p] and Am֗c and A֙rtz֙ Mֽoldt֔c and T֣lc֔i Al-a֕m As֥r La-id֖at Tm֥ol Slsֽom:
12: 2 The LORD will give them up;
13: 2 And thou shalt say unto me, Behold, in thy eyes, behold, I am in my eyes, that I may be, that I may die, and that I am with thee, and that thou shalt not give up thy seed: for thou shalt multiply thy seed, and I am not with thee, neither shall I be thy God, but as thy brother, thou shalt bring up thy seed.
14: 2 and Iamr֩ L֨h B֜az La֣t Ha֗cl G֤sֽi Hlm֙ and Ac֣lt Mn-hl֔hm and Tb֥lt Ft֖c Bh֑mtz and T֙sb֙ Mtz֣d Hkֽotzr֔im and Itzbt-l֣h Kl֔i and T֥acl and Tsb֖a and Ttֽr:
15: 2 And thou shalt rise up for lukewarm, and commandeeth the seed of the youth: for it is not for them, but for them they have been given to them;
16: 2 And they shall be filled with sorrow, and they shall not go down from their captivity, and they shall go away from them, and they shall be gathered together, and they shall not be angry with her.
17: 2 And thou shalt go down in the land of the land, even when thou shalt not clap, and multiply, which thou shalt take, and that it shall be, and it shall be, as if it is the way of the trees.
18: 2 And he lifted up the tabernacle, and he gave him light, and he gave up his bread, and he gave it to him, which came to him, and took it out, and gave it to him, and gave it to her, the woman of the house which was in the house of Sheba.
19: 2 and Tamr֩ L֨h Hmot֜h Aif֨h Lk֤tt Hiom֙ and A֣nh As֔it Ih֥i Mcir֖c Br֑oc and Tg֣d Lhmot֗h A֤t Asr-asth֙ Am֔o and T֗amr S֤m Hais֙ As֨r As֧iti Am֛o Hi֖om Bֽaz:
20: 2 and T֨amr Nam֜i Lclt֗h Br֥oc Hoa֙ Liho֔h Asr֙ La-az֣b Hsd֔o At-hhi֖im and At-hmt֑im and T֧amr L֣h Nam֗i Kr֥ob L֙no֙ Ha֔is Mֽgal֖no Hֽoa:
21: 2 And they said unto him, Thou shalt not go down, that thou shalt not go down: for they are not with me, but they are not with me;
22: 2 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not go into the house of the LORD, and thou shalt be the daughter of the daughter of the children; for the children of the children of Israel are with me, even with their wives; and they are not; they will not hurt thee in thy breast;
23: 2 And thou shalt be sure of the children of the children, and of the children of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (18 verses)‬
1: 3 And Moses said to Leah, "Behold, I am a child, and I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will give you bread, and I will give you bread, and I will give you bread, and I will give it to you."
2: 3 And it came to pass, that it was not in the midst of adultery, but it came to pass, that it was not, but as a woman, it was not the women of the youth, but they were there, behold, they were not, and they were not the thorns of the gate;
3: 3 And the wind was strong, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it came down to him, and it came down to him, and he came to the house of the LORD.
4: 3 and Ih֣i Bscb֗o and Id֙at֙ At-hmkom֙ As֣r Iscb-s֔m and B֛at and Gl֥it Mrglt֖io * and lay ** and Sc֑bt and Hoa֙ Ig֣id L֔c A֖t As֥r Tasֽin: [V] [v]
5: 3 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not say that thou shalt say unto me, Behold, I am not satisfied with thee.
6: 3 And thou shalt go down to the garden, and do that which thou hast done, that which ye have commanded;
7: 3 And he that was afflicted with adultery, and took his wife, and he went down to his heart, and begged him to lie down in the midst of her flock, and he came to him, and he came to him, and came to him, and he turned away from his feet, and turned away from his feet, and turned away from him.
8: 3 And it came to pass, in the midst of the thorn, that the young man came, and the young man was grieved, and he fell upon her, and her wife was with her, and she was lying in the midst of her feet.
9: 3 And he said, "Who are you?" [U] And I said to you, I am not worthy of you, but I am your servant, and I will spread your seed, and I will give you bread, and I will give you bread, and I will give it to you.
10: 3 And he said to him, Be merciful, thou shalt not be afraid of me; but I will not be with thee; and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee.
11: 3 And my daughter came to me, saying, 'Do not be afraid, I pray thee, thou shalt not say that I am saying unto thee, that I may go down with you, all the people of Israel, that I may go down with you, for I am with you;
12: 3 And when they came, they said, "Believe! Why are you saying that? If I go, I will not be with you, and I will come to them, and I will come to you, and I will return to you."
13: 3 To me, I am the son of the LORD, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
14: 3 And you shall be blessed; * His mercy is his strength. [Q] [k] [n] [v] ד -ה ֔
15: 3 And he said, "Behold, I am the son of the king, who is the king of the mighty, who is with you, and he is the son of my father, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you for six hours, and she will be six years old.
16: 3 And it came to pass, unto Elhamothah, that thou shalt say, Who is the daughter of my daughter, and thou shalt worship all the women, all the women of the land?
17: 3 And it was said, "Six hours of the morning, that is, you have given birth to me, but I am not worthy of it." But I said to them, "Come to me, my son, my father, my father, your father, your father, your father and your mother."
18: 3 And he said unto him, Sit down, thou shalt be with me; for thou hast lived, but thou shalt not be blessed; for I have not seen thee; yet he hath taken pity on thee, that he may not be ashamed;
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (22 verses)‬
1: 4 And Boaz went up to the gate, saying, "Behold, there is a place there, and behold, the LORD hath passed away." So the woman said, "Speak unto him, and go forth." And he said, "Behold, I will return to you." So Philonias said, "Amen!" And he said, "And the serpent was there."
2: 4 And the tenth day of the tenth month of Enosh died, and it was not clear, but it was clear, and he said, "Sit down again, and let him return."
3: 4 And he said unto him, Glory be to him, I will give thee strength, and I will return to the house of the LORD, and I will return to thee, and the LORD shall return unto thee, and the LORD shall be with thee.
4: 4 and An֨i Am֜rti Agl֧h Aznc֣ Lam֗r K֠nh N֥gd Hֽisbim֮ and N֣gd Zkn֣i Ami֒ Am-tgal֙ Ga֔l and Am-l֨a Iga֜l Hg֣idh L֗i * and ** and Aֽdah֙ know C֣i A֤in Zolֽtc֙ Lga֔ol and Anc֖i Ahr֑ic and I֖amr Anc֥i Agaֽl:
5: 4 And he said, Be bold, in your day, I will go to the land of the LORD, and I will bring you forth the bread of my fathers, and I will bring forth the women of the dead. I have bought a nest, and they have given the name of the mother to the inheritance of her children.
6: 4 And the sayer of Haggil said, "Behold, I will not be able to be saved." And he said to him, "Behold, I will be exalted, and I will give you the inheritance of the inheritance."
7: 4 And this is the way of the children of Israel, because of the greatness of the people, and of their arrogance, that they have given up all their hearts, and that there is no man, but there is no man, and no man, nor any of his wives, nor his wife, nor his wife, and they commit adultery in the children of Israel.
8: 4 And the sayer said unto the LORD, Come, I will buy thee, and he shall come to thee, and let him go up.
9: 4 And he said, Behold, I will go to adultery, and you shall not be afraid; for I will not be afraid of you; for I am not worthy of you; for I have not forgotten you. I have gone to all the people of Israel, and I will not go down to you. And all the men of Israel shall be ashamed of me, and I will not be afraid of them.
10: 4 and G֣m At-r֣ot Hmabih֩ A֨st Mhl֜on Kn֧iti L֣i Las֗h Lhk֤im Sm-hmt֙ Al-n֣hlt֔o and La-icr֧t Sm-hm֛t Ma֥m Ah֖io and Ms֣ar Mkom֑o Ad֥im At֖m Hiֽom:
11: 4 and I֨amr֜o Cl-ha֧m Asr-bs֛ar and Hzkn֖im Ad֑im Itn֩ Iho֨h Aֽt-has֜h Hba֣h Al-bit֗c Crh֤l | and Clah֙ As֨r Bn֤o Stihm֙ At-b֣it Isra֔l and Ash-h֣il Bafr֔th and Kra-s֖m Bb֥it Lֽhm:
12: 4 וי֤י בי בֽיְיְך֙ך כְּּב֣י פי פת פּ֔רץץ אששרלָלדד֥ל֥ה תממ֖רֽה לֽהֽהּד֑ה֑ה֑ה מִה מִה מִה מִה מִה אֲה֙הזה֑ה֑ה אֲה֙הזה:ה הזיזה:ה:ה אֲהזהזה:ה אֲהזה:ה אֲה֙ה:ה:ה אֲהזהזה:ה אֲהזה:ה:ה אֲהזה:ה:ה אֲהזה:ה:ה אֲה֙ה:ה:ה אֲהזה:ה:ה אֲה֙ה:ה:ה אֲה֙ה:ה אֲה֙ה:ה אֲלֽי:ה אֲהזה:ה:ה אֲה֙ה:ה אֲלֽי:ה אֲהזה:ה אֲלֽי:ה אֲלֽה:ה אֲלזי:ה אֲלֽי:ה אֲלֽי:ה אֲלֽי:ה אֲל:י:ה אֲל:י:ה אֲהזה:ה אֲל:י:ה אֲהזה:ה אֲל:י:ה אֲהזה:ה אֲל:י:ה אֲל:י:ה אֲל:י:ה אֲהזה:ה אֲל:י:ה אֲל:י:ה אֲל:י:ה אֲל:י:ה אֲל:י:ה אֲל:י:ה אֲל:י:ה אֲל:יו:ה:
13: 4 And Jehoah took Boaz, the daughter of Ruth, to his wife, and he brought them unto her, and they came to them, and the LORD gave them to her, and they gave her bread, and they gave birth to them.
14: 4 And the women rose, and the women rose up, and the children of Na'am, the son of the LORD, blessed him, and the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Savior.
15: 4 And I will go to thee, that thou mayest be satisfied with the evil of the wicked, and I will make thee shalt thou sit down; for thou shalt not go, but thou shalt not be pleased with thy love, but thou shalt give birth unto the child, which is she that loveth her, that thou shalt not be satisfied with the children of the children.
16: 4 And thou shalt take the children away, and thou shalt put him to death in his law, and he will be his son unto him, and he shall be faithful to him.
17: 4 And he called to him, saying, "Behold, the Lord of the heavens is the name of the Lord, the Lord of the heavens, the Son of the Son, the Son of the Son, the Son of the Son, the Son of the Son, the Son of the Son, the Son of the Son, the Son of the Son, the Son of the Son, the Son of God, the Son of God, the Son of God, and the Son of God."
18: 4 And behold, thou shalt give birth to the children of the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, the children of Israel;
19: 4 And the wall of the city was destroyed, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, and the people of Amid were destroyed.
20: 4 And the people of Nדדדד֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙ ֙֙֙֙֙֙ ֣֙֙֙ א א א א א א ֣֔֔֔֔֔֔ ֔֔֔֔֔֔֔ ֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֔֔ ֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֔֔ ֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֔ ֖֖֖֖֔ הו ֖֖֔ הו הו הו הו הו ֖֖֔ הו הו הו הו ֖֖֖ הו הו הו הו ֖֖֖ הו הוն
21: 4 And Solomon went up to Huldath, and Boaz, Boaz, and Boaz, and Hulad, and Obad;
22: 4 And the servant of Holad took his hand out to him; and he was ashamed; and he brought down the hand of David.
‪xxxx    End of Ruth (4 chapters, 85 verses).
