‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.45. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    1 Samuel (31 chapters, 811 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (28 verses)‬
1: 1 And it came to pass, that there was a man of the people of the land of Ramoth, that they were thirsty, and that he had made a fire of wine, and that the name of the son of Elohim had been given to them, because the son of Elijah was a son of Beth-the-son of Zippof, Ephratah.
2: 1 And behold, they were six hundred men, and they were married, and they were not the sons of the sons of Hanan, and the six of them were the children of the tribe of Phineh, and they were there, and the sons of Israel were born, and the sons of Hanan were there.
3: 1 and Alh֩ Ha֨is Hh֤oa Mֽairo֙ Mim֣im | Im֔imh Lhֽsthoֺ֧t and Lzb֛h Liho֥h Tzba֖ot Bsl֑h and S֞m Sn֣i Bnֽi-al֗i Hfni֙ and F֣nh֔s Chn֖im Lihoֽh:
4: 1 And he, behold, he was a widow, and brought forth the ecclesiastical, and they were married to him, and his wife was his wife, and all her sons were born, and her daughters were numbered of them.
5: 1 And the sons of Hanan, were they married, because they were married, and they were not married, because they were the sons of Hanan;
6: 1 וככֽע֤ע֤א֤ת֤ת֤ת צה צה֔ה:ה֙ה֙ה צה צה צה: צה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה::ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה
7: 1 And thus they did that which was done in the time of the LORD, because it was in the house of the LORD, so that it was in the house of Yahweh, that is, so that they were in the midst of thee, and they gave thee food, and they did not eat it.
8: 1 And he said unto him, This is the God, that is, the man, the son of Hannah, the son of Hannah, the son of Hannah, the son of Hannah, the son of Leah, the son of Hannah, the son of Hannah, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, the son of Benjamin.
9: 1 And thou shalt be uplifted, and it shall be no more, but I will eat it again, and it shall come to pass, and it shall come to pass, that it shall come to pass, and it shall be over it, that it shall sit on the throne, even upon the land of the land, and it shall be filled with the LORD.
10: 1 And it came to pass, that thou shalt not be afraid; and thou shalt repent against the LORD, and behold, thou shalt bless her.
11: 1 and Td֨r N֜dr and Tam֗r Iho֨h Tzba֜ot Am-ra֥h Tra֣h | Ban֣i Amt֗c and Zcrt֙ni֙ and Lֽa-tsc֣h At-amt֔c and Ntt֥h Lamtc֖ Z֣ra Ans֑im and Ntt֤io Lֽihoh֙ Cl-im֣i Hi֔io and Mor֖h La-ial֥h Al-rasֽo:
12: 1 And there was hope, that the multitude of the women was consumed, that they might turn themselves to turn away: the LORD was upon her, and upon him he put her hands on her feet.
13: 1 And she said, Behold, she is the one who speaks about her heart, and her lips are full of her lips, and she is afraid of her, and she is afraid of her, but she is not satisfied, and she is afraid of her, and she is ashamed of her, so that she may return to her neighbor.
14: 1 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go up to me; yet thou shalt not be humbled: thou shalt not hinder me, but I will bring thee up from above.
15: 1 And Thou, the son of Hanan, said unto him, Behold, I am saying, Lo, I am the Lord, I am the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord.
16: 1 But thou shalt not take thy mother, nor thy daughter, nor the children of the children of Israel;
17: 1 And he was angry with me, and he said to me, Let me not be afraid; and this is what I will do: and I will raise my voice to you, and I will give you strength, and I will make you happy.
18: 1 And thou shalt say, Lift up thy sword, and behold it in thy eyes, and thy wife shall go down to thee, and thou shalt receive it, and her face shall not be given to her.
19: 1 and Isc֣mo Bb֗kr and Iֽsthoo֙ Lfn֣i Iho֔h and Is֛bo and Ib֥ao Al-bit֖m Hrm֑th and I֤da Alknh֙ At-hn֣h Ast֔o and Iֽzcr֖h Ihoֽh:
20: 1 And there was a time for the children of Israel to die, and the children of Hanan died, and the children of the sons of Israel came to them, and sanctified their name, because they were hated, because they were afraid of the LORD, because they were afraid of him.
21: 1 And the people of Elsa, the son of Elkanah, and the daughter of his daughter, brought him away, and gave him bread, and they brought him to the house of the king, and he brought him to his house.
22: 1 And Hannah, the son of Israel, went up to the house, saying, "This is what I have said to the man, that I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will see you, and I will see you in the presence of the LORD, and I will return to you, and I will return to you forever."
23: 1 and I֣amr Lh֩ Alkn֨h Ais֜h As֧i Ht֣ob Bain֗ic Sbi֙ Ad-gml֣c At֔o A֛c Ik֥m Iho֖h At-dbr֑o and T֤sb Hֽash֙ and T֣ink At-bn֔h Ad-gml֖h Atֽo:
24: 1 And they raised him up with him, as if he were full of camels, and they were in the wilderness, and they were three hundred, and they were with him, and they were with him, and they came to him in the house of the LORD, and they were his servants.
25: 1 And the men of the tribe of Sihath slew the Pharisees, and brought the people to the land of Israel.
26: 1 And I will say unto thee, Behold, I am the Lord of the worlds, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will not be ashamed of thee: for I will bring thee into the house of God.
27: 1 To me, I am the son of the son of Zephaniah, who has prayed for me; and I have given them to the LORD, and he hath given me the inheritance of the people of Israel, so that I will not be afraid of them.
28: 1 And when they asked, I asked him, "Why are you so afraid of me? Why are you all the days of my life? Is it a woman? Why are you afraid? Why are you afraid? Why are you afraid? Why are you afraid? Why are you so ashamed?
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (36 verses)‬
1: 2 And thou shalt be filled with joy, and thou shalt not go down, but the son of the son of Levi shall be with him, the son of his father, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham, the son of Aaron, the son of Abraham,
2: 2 There is no holy place, but the face of the LORD is on you, so that you may not be ashamed of you, nor will you be ashamed of us.
3: 2 Do not tell him, tell him, I will tell you, I will tell you, I will give you up, I will give you up, and I will give you up from you, because I will not be afraid of you, but the LORD will be with you, and you will not be disappointed.
4: 2 And the six men were mighty, and they were not eager, and they were ashamed, but they were not saved.
5: 2 The people of Israel, the sons of Israel, were not married; they were not married; they were rebellious, and they were hungry, and they were afraid of them, even though they were still in the hands of the children of Israel. They were children of Sheba, and many of them were sons.
6: 2 Yahweh, from Mehemiah, and from Mehi-livah, from Moriad, who was a ruler, and a prophet.
7: 2 Yahweh is a Moors, a man, and a servant, a mighty man, a mighty man, a mighty man, a mighty man.
8: 2 They shall not be cursed, nor shall they be cursed; but they shall not be afraid; they shall not be afraid; they shall not be afraid; they shall return to their enemies; and they shall be ashamed.
9: 2 רג'ל֤י * * חסידו ** חסידייו ים שש֔מ֔ר ור ור֖ע֖י֖ם בחח֣שְשְי ידדּ֑מ֑וּם כֽיֽי- ל֥י֥א בה בככ֖חִב-אר- אֽשׁש:ם.
10: 2 YHWHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVVRVVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVVRVRVVRVRVRVRVVRVVRVRVRVRVVRVVRVRVRVVRVRVRVRVRVRVVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRVRV
11: 2 And he went down to the house of the LORD, and lifted up the house of his daughter, and the son of the LORD came out of the house, and saw the LORD, and he saw the face of the children.
12: 2 And son of Eli, son of Eli, son of Eli, came to Baalaih, but he did not know.
13: 2 And the men of the tribe of Kohath took the whole thing away, and the man of the tribe of Zechariah returned to the house of the king, so that the people of the land were ashamed of him, and the king of the children of the tribe of Shazan lived in his hand.
14: 2 and Hc֨h Bci֜or A֣o Bd֗od A֤o Bkl֙ht֙ A֣o Bfr֔or C֚l As֣r Ial֣h Hmzl֔g Ik֥h Hch֖n B֑o C֚ch Ias֣o Lcl-isra֔l Hba֥im S֖m Bslֽh:
15: 2 Gm֮ Btrm֮ Iktr֣on At-hhlb֒ and B֣a | N֣ar Hch֗n and Amr֙ La֣is Hzb֔h Tn֣h Bs֔r Ltzl֖ot Lch֑n and Lֽa-ik֧h Mmc֛ Bs֥r Mbs֖l C֥i Am-hֽi:
16: 2 and I֨amr Al֜io Ha֗is Kt֨r Iktir֤on Ciom֙ Hh֔lb and K֨h-lc֔ Cas֥r Tao֖h Nfs֑c and Am֥r | * he ** La֙ C֚i At֣h Tt֔n and Am-l֖a Lk֥hti Bhzkֽh:
17: 2 And you shall be a sinner, and you shall give up the youth, for they are great, and they shall not be afraid of the face of the LORD. Jehovah is the LORD, because they are not worthy of him, but they are the people of the people.
18: 2 And the name of the servant was sent down by the hand of the LORD: the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD.
19: 2 And when the children of Israel came to him, he did his work, and his wife, his mother, and his wife, came to him, and they came to him, saying, "Behold, I will bring you up to meet the man, and I will bring you back the land of the LORD."
20: 2 and Br֨c Al֜i At-alkn֣h and At-ast֗o and Amr֙ Ism֩ Iho֨h Lc֥ Z֙ra֙ Mn-has֣h Hz֔at T֚ht Hsal֔h As֥r Sa֖l Lֽiho֑h and Hlc֖o Lmkmֽo:
21: 2 When the LORD, the son of the son of Israel, came down to the house of the son of Hanan, and he became a child, and the children of the tribe of Judah went out, and they were married to the children of Israel, and the children of Israel were destroyed, and they were brought up with the LORD.
22: 2 And he went up to him, and he brought him up, and all the men of the children of Israel went up to the house of the children of Israel, and the women of the tribe of Ashar, the women of the tribe of Nazareth, came to the house of the women, and the children of Israel came to them.
23: 2 And he said unto them, Behold, I have done nothing, but as a witness, I have said unto thee, I am not, that I may be saved;
24: 2 And he said unto him, Son of the sons of the children of Israel, that is, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the worlds.
25: 2 But if he hath sinned, there is no man, no man, no man, and none of his wives, neither God nor him, nor their wives, nor the children of the people, nor the children of Israel, nor the children of Israel, nor the children of Israel, nor the children of Israel, nor the children of Israel.
26: 2 And the people of Israel, who were among them, went up against you, and went astray, and went away with them, even with the LORD, and they were with them, even with the people of Israel.
27: 2 And the man of God came and said unto him, Behold, I will say unto her, Behold, I am not worthy of the LORD, but I will be saved;
28: 2 and Bh֣r A֠to Mcl-sbt֨i Isra֥l Li֙ Lch֔n Lal֣ot Aֽl-mzbh֗i Lhkt֥ir Kt֛rt Ls֥at Af֖od Lfn֑i and ֽatnh֙ Lb֣it Ab֔ic At-cl-as֖i Bn֥i Israֽl:
29: 2 And if thou wilt not go astray, I will not be in contempt; but I will not be ashamed;
30: 2 Lc֗n Nam-ihoh֮ Alh֣i Isral֒ Am֣or Am֔rti Bֽitc֙ and B֣it Ab֔ic Ithlc֥o Lfn֖i Ad-aol֑m and At֤h Nam-ihoh֙ Hl֣ilh L֔i Cֽi-mcbd֥i Acb֖d and Bz֥i Ikֽlo:
31: 2 Behold, ye shall die, and behold, I will come to thee, and thou shalt surely bring me forth: and thou shalt not be afraid: for I am not thy father;
32: 2 And thou shalt surely bring forth the commandment of the children of Israel, which shall bring forth the children of Israel, and it shall not come to pass, and they shall not be in thy house: all the nations shall be destroyed.
33: 2 And I will not let you go, but I will not let you go, but I will not be afraid of your altar, but I will destroy your eyes, and I will destroy your soul, and I will multiply your house with you, and I will bring it to you.
34: 2 And this is thy name, that is, the women's wives: for it is come to thee, that thy son is thy son, unto him, and unto me, and to me, and to me, and to me, to him, to him, to him, to his brother, to him, to his children,
35: 2 And you shall rise up to me, so that I may be in the heart of the heart, and in the heart of my heart, I will do it, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and you shall be faithful to me, and I will come to you [v] before me, that I may give you all things.
36: 2 And all the sons of all the children were in your midst, and they came to him, and they came to him, and to the west, and to the west, and to the west, to the west, and to the west, and to the east, to the west, and to the east, to the west, to the south, to the south, to Kohath, to Bethlehem.
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (21 verses)‬
1: 3 And the people of Shammu, who were in charge of the LORD, gave him up to him, before him, and he said to him, O son of the LORD, speak to me, O son of Israel.
2: 3 And he, behold, I am the son of the Lord, the Lord of the heavens, and of the people of the world, the one who dwells in his place. [1] * And his eyes, and his eyes, behold, behold, they are not, and they are not; they are not able to see these things.
3: 3 And the Lord of God, the Lord of the Universe, will be blessed, and he will be filled with the sword of the LORD, and the LORD will be with him, and the LORD will return to them.
4: 3 And he cried unto the LORD, and said unto Solomon, Behold, I am saying, I am not with you.
5: 3 And he ran to God, and he said, "Behold, I am not worthy of you; for I am not worthy of you, but for me, I am the Lord." Lo! The son of Korah, the son of my father, the son of Saul, the son of the king, the son of the king, and the king of Israel.
6: 3 And the sword of Yahweh came to him, saying, "Behold, it is a sign of Samuel, and it is a vengeance for you." And he said, "Behold, I am saying, 'Behold, I will come to you.'" And he said to him, "Behold, I will come to you, and I will be with you."
7: 3 And Shemuel, the son of Titus, raised up the hand of the LORD, and he was angry with them.
8: 3 And the sword of the LORD was given to him, saying, "Behold, the LORD of the heavens, the one who is in charge, is the one who is in charge of the world, and he is the one who is with you." And he said, "Behold, I will come to you."
9: 3 and I֨amr Al֣i Lsmoal֮ L֣c Scb֒ and Hih֙ Am-ikr֣a Al֔ic and Aֽmrt֙ Db֣r Iho֔h C֥i Sm֖a Abd֑c and I֣lc Smoa֔l and Isc֖b Bmkomֽo:
10: 3 And the LORD came to him, and he was crucified, and he came to him, and he did not go out against the people of Israel, but the people of the tribe of Simeon were there. And the LORD said unto them, I will not go down.
11: 3 And the word of the LORD said unto him, O LORD, I am the son of Israel, so shall I make thee a son of Israel;
12: 3 Behold, O LORD, come unto me, I will come unto thee, and I will be with you all, and all my heart shall be with me, and my house shall be with me.
13: 3 And I hastened to him, and to him, because I was not ashamed of him, but I brought him back to him, even when they were gone, because they were with me, so that I could not be afraid of them, because they were afraid of them, because they were his sons, and they were not like that.
14: 3 And therefore, I will return to my house, and I will return to them, and they will not be put to rest; they will not bow down to the house of the children of Israel, but they will be in contempt, and will not be put to rest until they are gone.
15: 3 And the scepter shall dwell in the house of the son of the son of the son of the son of the LORD, and he shall be taken away from the house of the LORD.
16: 3 And he cried unto me, and lifted up the name of the king, and said, I am saying that Shemu'el was in me, and he said, I am the son of me.
17: 3 and I֗amr M֤h Hdbr֙ As֣r Db֣r Al֔ic Al-n֥a Tch֖d Mm֑ni C֣h Iash-lc֤ Alhim֙ and C֣h Ios֔if Am-tch֤d Mm֙ni֙ Db֔r Mcl-hdb֖r Asr-db֥r Alֽic:
18: 3 And Haggadah said unto him, Samuel, thou shalt bring all the men of the wilderness, and they shall not be afraid of them, but they shall die, and the LORD shall die; and the LORD shall be with him in the sight of his eyes. "[Q] Yעשֽֽֽ:: פ
19: 3 And Gedaliah made a name for him, and he gave him his name, and he was with him, and with him he went up to him, and he went to the house of the LORD, and all his people were there.
20: 3 And all the children of Israel knew that they were in the midst of the wilderness, and that they were still in the midst of the wilderness, because they were innocent, because they had been put to death, because they were not, because they were God.
21: 3 And the sword of Yahweh came to see it, that it was in her flesh, that it was dry, and that the LORD, God, sent him to the name of Shemuel in his own way, in the midst of the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (22 verses)‬
1: 4 And there was a word of the name of the people of Israel, and the people of Israel came to the land of Israel, and the Philistines fought against Israel, and they fought against it, because they were in the midst of the land, and the threshing-floor was a camp, and they were there in the wilderness.
2: 4 And Iarc֨o Flst֜im Lkr֣at Isra֗l and Tts֙ Hmlhm֔h and In֥gf Isra֖l Lfn֣i Flst֑im and Ic֤o Bmֽarch֙ Bsd֔h Carb֥at Alf֖im Aֽis:
3: 4 and Ib֣a Ham֮ Al-hֽmhnh֒ and Iֽamro֙ Zkn֣i Isra֔l L֣mh Ngf֧no Iho֛h Hi֖om Lfn֣i Flst֑im Nkh֧h Al֣ino Msl֗h At-aron֙ Br֣it Iho֔h and Ib֣a Bkrb֔no and Isa֖no Mc֥f Aibֽino:
4: 4 and Isl֤h Ham֙ Sl֔h and Isa֣o Ms֗m A֣t Ar֧on Brit-iho֛h Tzba֖ot Is֣b Hcrb֑im and S֞m Sn֣i Bnֽi-al֗i Am-aron֙ Br֣it Halh֔im Hfn֖i and Fֽinhֽs:
5: 4 And it came to pass, that the people of the LORD were with you, saying, "In the covenant of the LORD, I will come unto thee, that is, the emperors, and all the men of Israel shall be put to death, and they shall not be afraid, for they are great men, and they have given them their inheritance."
6: 4 and Isma֤o Flstim֙ At-k֣ol Htroa֔h and I֣amr֔o M֠h K֣ol Htroa֧h Hgdol֛h Hz֖at Bmhn֣h Habr֑im and I֣da֔o C֚i Ar֣on Iho֔h B֖a Al-hֽmhnֽh:
7: 4 And they were afraid of the Philistines, because they said to him, "Behold, I am God!" They said to him, "Come on, I am the captain of the house." They said: "You have given up your wives!" They said: "Why are you not?" "You were the one who took the oath of allegiance to the people of Samaria."
6: 4 The children of Israel were saved from Me, but they were not saved from Me, because the LORD was the God of Israel. They said to him, "O God, are they not God?" They said: "They have brought the Egyptians to the land of Makkah in the wilderness."
9: 4 Behold, it is the man, and the men, the men, the men, and the men, and the men, and the men, and the men of the children.
10: 4 And they fought against Israel, and the sword of Israel came to them, and they were defeated, and there was a sword of fire, and the people of Israel were there, and the LORD was with them, and the LORD was with them, and the LORD was with them, and the LORD was with them, and the people of Israel were with them.
11: 4 And he said, O God, the LORD is no more, and he is the son of the son of Eli.
12: 4 And the man of the sons of Israel ran away, saying, "Where is your sword?" And it came to pass, that it came to pass, that it was a sign of it, and it came out of it, and it came out of it, and was torn down, and it was still on the head of its people.
13: 4 and Ib֗oa and Hn֣h A֠li Is֨b Aֽl-hcs֜a * Ic ** I֥d D֙rc֙ Mtzf֔h Cֽi-hi֤h Lbo֙ Hr֔d A֖l Ar֣on Halh֑im and Ha֗is B֚a Lhg֣id Ba֔ir and Tza֖k Cl-haֽir:
14: 4 And he went on, saying, I am not going to go astray, but the trumpet is gone. And he said to Moses, This is the voice of the LORD, and this is the voice of the LORD, and this is the flesh of the LORD, and he is the son of the LORD.
15: 4 And O son of Levi, they were satisfied, and his name was sullen, and his eyes were filled with darkness, and they were not able to see it.
16: 4 And the Lord said, I am the God of God: for I am not worthy of the Lord, but of the LORD, I am of the midst of thy world, and of me, because of thy glory, I have given thee salvation, and I will not say unto thee, Behold, I am the LORD, and the LORD is in me.
17: 4 and I֨an Hֽmbs֜r and I֗amr N֤s Isral֙ Lfn֣i Flst֔im and G֛m Mgf֥h Gdol֖h Hit֣h Ba֑m and Gm-sn֨i Bn֜ic M֗to Hfni֙ and F֣inh֔s and Ar֥on Halh֖im Nlkֽhh: P.
18: 4 and Ih֞i Chzcir֣o | At-ar֣on Halh֗im and If֣l Mֽal-h֠csa Ah֨rn֜it Ba֣d | I֣d Hs֗ar and Tsb֤r Mfrkto֙ and Im֔t Cֽi-zk֥n Ha֖is and Cb֑d and H֛oa Sf֥t At-isra֖l Arba֥im Snֽh:
19: 4 and Clt֣o Aֽst-finhs֮ Hr֣h Llt֒ and Tsm֣a At-hsma֔h Al-hlkh֙ Ar֣on Halh֔im and M֥t Hm֖ih and Ais֑h and Tcr֣a and T֔ld Cֽi-nhfc֥o Al֖ih Tzrֽih:
20: 4 And it is so, and it is a matter of death, and it is a matter of light: behold, the people of the tribe of Israel are on their way, but they are not afraid, for they are afraid, because they are in their midst, but the LORD is with them, and this is not their strength, nor is it their strength,
21: 4 And it came to pass, that we should not be afraid of the glory of the LORD, nor of the men of Israel, nor of the people of Israel, nor of the Israelites, but of the God of Israel, and of the people of God, and of the people of Judah.
22: 4 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt be afraid of the people of Israel; for they shall not go down; for the LORD is the LORD of hosts.
‪xxxx  Chapter 5   (12 verses)‬
1: 5 And the Philistines went back to them, and took them away, and they came to them, saying, The Lord is the God, and they brought him forth, and they brought him out of the house of the children of Azur,
2: 5 And he took him, and the Philistines came to him, and the Lord said unto him, And they brought him to him, and they brought him to him, and brought him to the fish, and they brought him forth, and brought him forth, and he ate the fish of the fish.
3: 5 And Ishamadam, his wife, went up to him, saying, "This is the day of the fish, and the people of Nephilim, before him, have come before me, and I will see you before me, and I will see you, O LORD, and they will take away the fish of your flock, and they will bring your food to its place."
4: 5 and Isc֣mo Bbkr֮ Mֽmhrt֒ and Hn֣h Dg֗on Nf֤l Lfnio֙ A֔rtzh Lfn֖i Ar֣on Iho֑h and R֨as Dg֜on and St֣i | Cf֣ot Id֗io Crtot֙ Al-hmft֔n R֥k Dg֖on Nsa֥r Alֽio:
5: 5 Therefore they shall not go down, but they shall be like a flock of fish, and they shall be in the house of the fish, and they shall not be in the house of fish, nor shall they be in the heat of the fish, but the fish shall be in their beds, and the fish shall be filled with bread.
6: 5 And the hand of the LORD came upon them, and brought them to the scepter, and he did them, and he brought them upon them, so that they could bring them to the house of Eshed, and to them, and to the mighty ones.
7: 5 And they saw that they were, and that the people of Eshed were afraid, so that they were so, and said, saying, Lo, the Lord is not, I will return, O God, O Israel, the people of Israel are with us, because they are hardened, because they are their hands, and they are high on us, and the food is great.
8: 5 and Islh֡o and Iasfo֩ At-cl-srn֨i Flst֜im Alih֗m and Iֽamro֙ Mֽh-nas֗h Lֽaron֙ Alh֣i Isra֔l and I֣amr֔o G֣t Is֔b Ar֖on Alh֣i Isra֑l and Is֕bo At-ar֖on Alh֥i Israֽl: S.
9: 5 and Ih֞i Ahr֣i | Hs֣bo At֗o and Th֨i Id-iho֤h | Bair֙ Mhomh֙ Gdol֣h Ma֔d and Ic֙ At-ans֣i Ha֔ir Mkt֖n and Ad-gd֑ol and Istr֥o Lh֖m * Aflim ** Thrֽim:
10: 5 and ֽislh֛o At-ar֥on Halh֖im Akr֑on and Ih֗i Cb֨oa Ar֤on Halhim֙ Akr֔on and Izak֨o Hֽakrn֜im Lam֗r Hs֤bo Ali֙ At-aron֙ Alh֣i Isra֔l Lhmit֖ni and At-amֽi:
11: 5 and Islh֨o and Iasf֜o At-cl-srn֣i Flst֗im and Iֽamro֙ Slh֞o At-ar֨on Alh֤i Isral֙ and Is֣b Lmkm֔o and Lֽa-im֥it At֖i and At-am֑i Cֽi-hit֤h Mhֽomt-m֙ot֙ Bcl-ha֔ir Cbd֥h Ma֛d I֥d Halh֖im Sֽm:
12: 5 And the men, the men, were ashes, and the men were not, and they were beaten up, and they were young, and they were young, and they were afraid of them, and they were afraid of them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 6   (21 verses)‬
1: 6 And there was an ark of the LORD, O LORD, in the land of Pharisees: and they were seven, and they were new;
2: 6 And he called unto him, Phosheth, to him, to the priests, and to the men of Israel, and to the men of Israel, and to the people of Israel, to the land of Israel, and to the land of Israel, and to the land of Israel, and to the land of Israel.
3: 6 and Iamr֗o Aֽm-mslh֞im At-ar֨on Alh֤i Isral֙ Al-tslh֤o Ato֙ Rik֔m Cֽi-hs֥b Ts֛ibo L֖o As֑m A֤z Trֽfao֙ and Nod֣a Lc֔m L֛mh La-ts֥or Id֖o Mcֽm:
4: 6 and Iamr֗o M֣h Hasm֮ As֣r Ns֣ib Lo֒ and Iamr֗o Msfr֙ Srn֣i Flst֔im Hmsh֙ * Afli ** Thr֣i Zh֔b and Hms֖h Acbr֣i Zh֑b Cֽi-mgf֥h Ah֛t Lcl֖m and Lsrnicֽm:
5: 6 and Asitm֩ Tzlm֨i * Aflicm ** Thric֜m and Tzlm֣i Acbric֗m Hmshitm֙ At-ha֔rtz and Ntt֛m Lalh֥i Isra֖l Cb֑od Aol֗i Ik֤l At-ido֙ Mֽalic֔m and Ma֥l Alhic֖m and Ma֥l Artzcֽm:
6: 6 And when they were honored, they took their hearts away, as if they were in the midst of the Egyptians, and they broke the hearts of them, but they were not like men, but they went up in their midst, and they turned away from them, and they came to them.
7: 6 and At֗h Kh֨o and As֜o Agl֤h Hdsh֙ Ah֔t and St֤i Frot֙ Al֔ot As֛r La-al֥h Alih֖m A֑l and Asrt֤m At-hfrot֙ Bagl֔h and Hsibt֧m Bnih֛m Mahrih֖m Hbֽith:
8: 6 and Lkht֞m At-ar֣on Iho֗h and Ntt֤m Ato֙ Al-h֣agl֔h and A֣t | Cl֣i Hzh֗b As֨r Hsbt֥m Lo֙ As֔m Ts֥imo Barg֖z Mtzd֑o and Slht֥m At֖o and Hlֽc:
9: 6 and Rait֗m Am-d֨rc Gbol֤o Iֽalh֙ B֣it S֔ms H֚oa A֣sh L֔no At-hra֥h Hgdol֖h Hz֑at and Am-l֗a and Id֙ano֙ C֣i L֤a Ido֙ N֣gah B֔no Mkr֥h H֖oa H֥ih Lֽno:
10: 6 And the men did so, and they took it, and they took it, and they took it away, and scattered it on the high ground, and forbade them in the midst of the calf, and the sons thereof, all of them, in the midst of their fathers.
11: 6 And they took up the ark of the LORD, the LORD, and brought it to the circle, and to the table of the ark, and to the people of this land, and this is the land, and the people of the wilderness, and their villages, and their cities.
12: 6 And Is֨rnh [1] Hfr֜ot Bd֗rc Al-d֙rc֙ B֣it S֔ms Bmsl֣h Ah֗t Hlc֤o Hlc֙ and Ga֔o and La-s֖ro Im֣in and Sm֑aol and Srn֤i Flstim֙ Hlc֣im Ahrih֔m Ad-gb֖ol B֥it Sֽms:
13: 6 And when they were six hundred, they cut themselves short, and cut off their loins, and lifted up their eyes, and saw them, and brought them down to the ground, and they were afraid, and they were not afraid to see them.
14: 6 And Hagl֡h B֠ah Al-sd֨h Ihos֤a Bֽit-hsmsi֙ and Tam֣d S֔m and S֖m A֣bn Gdol֑h and ֽibkao֙ At-atz֣i Hagl֔h and At-h֨fr֔ot Hal֥o Al֖h Lihoֽh: S.
15: 6 And Hloi֞m Hor֣ido | At-ar֣on Iho֗h and At-harg֤z Asr-ato֙ Asr-b֣o Clֽi-zh֔b and Is֖mo Al-ha֣bn Hgdol֑h and Ans֣i Bֽit-s֗ms Hal֨o Al֜ot and ֽizbh֧o Zbh֛im Bi֥om Hh֖oa Lֽihoֽh:
16: 6 And it was five hundred, and they saw it, and they saw it, and they saw it, and they were not ashamed, and they were captivated by the people of the wilderness.
17: 6 And behold, it is the land of the LORD, that is, the seed of his heart, that is, the flesh of the flesh, and the flesh of the flesh, and of the flesh, and of the flesh, and of the flesh, and of the flesh, and of their flesh, and of their flesh, and of their flesh, and of their flesh, and of their flesh, and of their flesh, and of their flesh, and of their flesh.
18: 6 And Acbr֣i Hzh֗b Msf֞r Cl-ar֤i Flstim֙ Lhm֣st Hsrn֔im Ma֣ir Mbtz֔r and A֖d C֣fr Hfrz֑i and A֣d | Ab֣l Hgdol֗h As֨r Hn֤iho Al֙ih֙ A֚t Ar֣on Iho֔h A֚d Hi֣om Hz֔h Bsd֥h Ihos֖a Bֽit-hsmsֽi:
19: 6 And I֞c Bans֣i Bֽit-s֗ms C֤i Rao֙ Bar֣on Iho֔h and I֤c Bam֙ Sba֣im A֔is Hms֥im A֖lf A֑is and Iֽtabl֣o Ha֔m Cֽi-hc֧h Iho֛h Ba֖m Mc֥h Gdolֽh [1]
20: 6 And they said unto him, I pray thee, O son of Israel, for I am the son of the LORD, for I am the son of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD,
21: 6 And the king sent him away, saying, "Shall I not go to the house of the LORD of Israel?" The people of the city of Amor returned, and the Philistines returned to the land of Israel, saying, "O LORD, I pray thee, O Lord, send him up, and I will bring him up to you."
‪xxxx  Chapter 7   (17 verses)‬
1: 7 and Ib֜ao Ans֣i | Kri֣t Iar֗im and ֽialo֙ At-ar֣on Iho֔h and Ib֣ao At֔o Al-b֥it Abind֖b Bgba֑h and At-alaz֤r Bno֙ Kds֔o Lsm֖r At-ar֥on Ihoֽh: P.
2: 7 And they came to Me, because they were in the midst of the ark; they were in the midst of the mountains of the mountains; and they multiplied, and they were destroyed, and they were there, and there were nine men, and they were there, and all the children of Israel were there, and the people of Israel were there after another. Jehovah is the LORD.
3: 7 and I֣amr Smoa֗l Al-cl-b֣it Isral֮ Lamr֒ Am-bcl-lbbc֗m At֤m Sbim֙ Al-iho֔h Hs֜iro At-alh֧i Hnc֛r Mtocc֖m and Hastr֑ot and Hc֨ino Lbbc֤m Al-ihoh֙ and Abd֣ho Lbd֔o and Itz֥l Atc֖m Mi֥d Flstֽim:
4: 7 And they cast a burden upon the children of Israel; and the people of Israel were afraid of the children of Israel, and they did not do the work of the LORD; and they did not serve the LORD.
5: 7 And it was said, Shemuela hath gathered all the people of Israel, and the tribe of Mizpah, and the Philistines in their midst, unto the LORD,
6: 7 and Ikbtz֣o H֠mtzfth and Iֽsabo-m֜im and ֽisfc֣o | Lfn֣i Iho֗h and Itz֙omo֙ Bi֣om Hh֔oa and I֣amro S֔m Ht֖ano Liho֑h and Isf֧t Smoa֛l At-bn֥i Isra֖l Bmtzfֽh:
7: 7 and Isma֣o Flst֗im Cֽi-htkbtz֤o Bnֽi-isral֙ Hmtzf֔th and Ial֥o Srnֽi-flst֖im Al-isra֑l and ֽismao֙ Bn֣i Isra֔l and Iֽra֖o Mfn֥i Flstֽim:
8: 7 And the sons of Israel said unto him, Come unto the name of the name of the king, and do not be afraid of it, because we are of the seed of the seed of the LORD, O God, our God, and of us, and of our salvation, from the hand of the thief,
9: 7 And the name of the name of Shemuel was given to him, and he went up to him, and he went up to him, and he rose up, and went up to him, and went up to him, and all the children of Israel came to him, and all the children of Israel went to the house of Yahweh.
10: 7 and Ih֤i Smoal֙ Mal֣h Haol֔h and Flst֣im Ngs֔o Lmlhm֖h Bisra֑l and Ira֣m LORD | Bkol-g֠dol Bi֨om Hh֤oa Al-flstim֙ and Ihm֔m and Ingf֖o Lfn֥i Israֽl:
11: 7 And it came to pass, that the people of Israel went out, because of the commandment of Mizpah, and they rebelled against the Philistines, and they were burned, even when they were still alive.
12: 7 And he took the name of Shemuel, the son of the son of Ahadiah, and he was the one who carried out the food of the tribe, and he did not receive the food. And he called the name of the name of the son, the son of Hazor, and said,
13: 7 And they turned away from him, and they turned away from him, and they did not add up to him, nor did they go up against him, but in the midst of the children of Israel, they came to him, and they came to him, saying, Jehovah's hand is in the hands of the Philistines, and they are not like the children of Israel.
14: 7 and Ts֣bnh Har֡im As֣r Lֽkho-flstim֩ Ma֨t Isra֤l | Lisral֙ Makr֣on and Ad-g֔t and A֨t-gbol֔n Htz֥il Isra֖l Mi֣d Flst֑im and Ih֣i Sl֔om B֥in Isra֖l and B֥in Hamrֽi:
15: 7 And Shemuel, the captain of the tribe of Israel, went up to him, as if he were alive.
16: 7 And the LORD gave thee a second day, and he was in his sleep; and he turned away from him, and he turned away from him, and went out to him, and to Mizpah, and to Shaphat, he brought out the people of Israel, all the land of all the cities of the land.
17: 7 And you shall return to him, and they shall be lifted up, so that they may return to their homes, and they shall be destroyed; and they shall not be oppressed by the people of Israel; and they shall be in the house of their children, even if they are not strangers.
‪xxxx  Chapter 8   (22 verses)‬
1: 8 And there came to me, as a young man, that was a man, that they were hated, and that he had brought his son, who had been saved, to Israel.
2: 8 And he was there, and there his son was born, and the son of the son of Joan died, and his name was given to him, so that he took him away, and his father came to him, and sent him away in the midst of the land of Sheba.
3: 8 And his sons came to him, and his sons were in his way, and in his own way, he went to the house of the king, and he came to him, and brought him to the house;
4: 8 And the children of Israel gathered together, as they had done, so that the children of Israel grew up, and they came to them, to the place of their name, to the place where they were raised.
5: 8 And he said unto him, Behold, ye shall not be ashamed; yea, thou shalt be satisfied, and thou shalt not give up thy sons: for they are not thine in thy ways: for thou hast gone astray, that ye may not go out to judge, for they are like all their vessels.
6: 8 And the evil of the world came to pass, in the eyes of the people, that they had been put to death, saying, As it is said, Thou shalt not let us go, let us judge thee, and turn to him, and let him go to the house of the LORD.
7: 8 And the word of the LORD came to him, saying unto Shemu, that he heard the voice of the voice of the voice of the voice, saying unto him, Behold, I say unto thee, I pray thee: for I am not with thee; for I am not with thee;
8: 8 Ccֽl-hmas֣im Asr-as֗o Miom֩ Halt֨i At֤m Mmtzr֙im֙ and Ad-hi֣om Hz֔h and I֣azb֔ni and Iabd֖o Alh֣im Ahr֑im C֛n H֥mh As֖im Gm-lֽc:
9: 8 And when it came to them that they heard the voice of the men, they were still with you, because they were in the midst of them, and the shield was gone, because they were not in captivity, but they were as they were, because they were destroyed by you.
10: 8 And he said, Shemuela, all the children of Israel have spoken, saying, Jehovah is the God of the people, the LORD is the one who has given up his life.
11: 8 and I֕amr Z֗h Iֽhih֙ Msf֣t Hm֔lc As֥r Iml֖c Alic֑m At-bnic֣m Ik֗h and S֥m Lo֙ Bmrcbt֣o and Bfrs֔io and Rtz֖o Lfn֥i Mrcbtֽo:
12: 8 And he went up to him, saying, "Behold, they are seven thousand, and they are fifteen, five hundred and fifty, and the fifth is his heir, and he is cut short, and he cut short his loins, and did all his works, so that he could not bring his bread to him.
13: 8 And the sons of the sons of them shall be blessed to drink bread, and to give bread, and to eat bread.
14: 8 And I will bring them together, and you and their vineyards, and they shall make you happy; yea, they shall be burned, and ye shall be put to worship.
15: 8 And they shivered them, and cursed them, and made them flee, and they went on to cast their arrows, and worshiped them.
16: 8 And thy servants, and their wives, and their wives, and their neighbors, the good ones, and their hosts, he hath made him sick, and he hath made her to make his garments.
17: 8 And when they were thirsty, they went out, and they were not, but they were with him, and they were not working for them.
18: 8 And I cried unto them, Behold, this is the voice of the Lord, and I am the angel of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe.
19: 8 And they made it impossible for them to make a mockery of the people of Israel, saying to them, "Say, 'Do not, let him go!'" "But if you follow me, then let us go!"
20: 8 And our people, even our brothers, were all like their shields, and our judges were against you, and they were not in the army, and they were forced to flee before us, and they took away their wars against us.
Num 21: 8 And Shemu'am made a name for them, saying, "All of them have spoken all the words of the people, and they have spoken in their ears."
22: 8 And the word of the LORD said unto Solomon, Behold, I will take them in their midst, and they shall be destroyed; for they are not your own, and I will say: I will say unto Samuel, I pray thee, I pray thee, I pray thee;
‪xxxx  Chapter 9   (27 verses)‬
1: 9 And there was a son of the son of Benjamin, a son of Benjamin, a son of Benjamin, a son of Abraham, son of Zerah, son of Ben, son of Abraham, son of Ephraim, son of Ahish, of the tribe of Benjamin, of Gilead, of Hilel.
2: 9 And he, behold, he was with him, and his name was given to Saul, in the midst of the heat of the sea, and he was afraid, and there was no man of his son, but he was a man of his own, and he was not of his own, because he was of his strength, and of his strength he was exceeding all of them.
3: 9 And Thabbanah, the son of Hatham, begged him to come down to the house of the sword, and he said unto him, Behold, there is no man, but a man, a man of his own, and his son, behold, we will take thee away, and thou shalt not take away any of the children of the sons of the children, and they shall be angry with you, and they shall not be ashamed of you.
4: 9 Iab֧r Bhr-afr֛im and Iab֥r Baֽrtz-sl֖sh and L֣a Mtz֑ao and Iabr֤o Baֽrtz-salim֙ and A֔in and Iab֥r Baֽrtz-imin֖i and L֥a Mtzֽao:
5: 9 Behold, the Lord is in the midst of the earth, and he is in the midst of the earth, and the earth is full of light, and the earth is full of light, and there is no fear of it.
6: 9 and I֣amr L֗o Hnh-n֤a Ais-alhim֙ Ba֣ir Hz֔at and Ha֣is Ncb֔d C֥l Asr-idb֖r B֣oa Ib֑oa Ath֙ N֣lch S֔m Aoli֙ Ig֣id L֔no At-drc֖no Asr-hl֥cno Alֽih:
7: 9 And he said, Shall we not go to his house, and behold, we shall go to him, and what shall we do to the man, so that the children of Israel die for them, so that the children of Israel die, and all the children of Israel, and all the children of Israel, are not in the house of the LORD, nor are they in the midst of the sword of God?
8: 9 And the sword of the son of the LORD was lifted up, saying, "Do not let the people of Israel die." And he said, "Behold, we will find it in the hand of the LORD, and we will return to the land of light, and we will give it to the people of God, and they will not go back to us, and we will bring you down your way."
9: 9 Before the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, have been blessed, and the people of Israel have turned away from them, and the people of Israel have turned their backs on them, and they have gone out of their way, because they have not seen them, because they have not come to them, because they are coming to them, and they are coming to Israel before the LORD.
10: 9 And he said, Shall we not go down to the house of the Lord, and do not go away from thy word, so that we may go down to the house of the light, which, when they are not, shall be the sword of God?
11: 9 And he went up to him, saying, "In the midst of the earth, the light is shining, and it is not. What is it? What is the commandment?" He said, "It is a ravenous thing." He went out and asked him, "Do not be afraid!" He said to him, "Go, go!" He said, "Behold, I will be ashamed of you."
12: 9 And thou hast answered them, and thou hast done them: and thou hast seen it, and behold, it shall be given to thee before thee: what is it that thou hast done unto me, that is, the day of the day, the day of the LORD, the morning of the morning, the morning of the morning, the morning of the morning, and the morning of the morning of the morning,
13: 9 Cbac֣m Ha֣ir C֣n Tmtza֣on At֡o Btrm֩ Ial֨h Hbm֜th Lac֗l C֠i Lֽa-iac֤l Ham֙ Ad-ba֔o Cֽi-hoa֙ Ibr֣c Hz֔bh Ahri-c֖n Iacl֣o Hkra֑im and At֣h Al֔o Cֽi-at֥o Chi֖om Tmtza֥on Atֽo:
14: 9 And he went up to him, saying, "Behold, the LORD is the one who is in the house, the house of the Lord, the Lord of the earth, the light, and the people of Israel are the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, the people of Israel, shall be called to the land of Israel."
15: 9 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt go, and thou shalt not eat; and I will bring them forth; and I will bring them to the house of David.
16: 9 Ca֣t | Mh֡r Aslh֩ Al֨ic A֜is Ma֣rtz Bnim֗n and Msht֤o Lngid֙ Al-am֣i Isra֔l and Hos֥ia At-am֖i Mi֣d Flst֑im C֤i Ra֙iti֙ At-am֔i C֛i B֥ah Tzakt֖o Alֽi:
17: 9 And Shemu'el saw, seeing, the people of Saul were, and he was his wife, because he was a man, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, and a woman.
18: 9 And Haggash took Saul's name unto him, and the daughter of Simeon, the son of Zerah, said to him, "Behold, Haggai the son of Nun, the son of Abraham, shall I be married?" And he said, "Behold, I have seen thee."
19: 9 and I֨an Smoa֜l At-sa֗ol and I֙amr֙ Anc֣i Hra֔h Al֤h Lfni֙ Hbm֔h and Aclt֥m Am֖i Hi֑om and Slht֣ic Bb֔kr and C֛l As֥r Bֽlbbc֖ Ag֥id Lֽc:
20: 9 and Latn֞ot Habd֣ot Lc֗ Hiom֙ Sl֣st Him֔im Al-t֧sm Aֽt-lbc֛ Lh֖m C֣i Nmtz֑ao and Lmi֙ Cl-hmd֣t Isra֔l Hl֣oa Lc֔ and Lc֖l B֥it Abֽic: S.
21: 9 and I֨an Sa֜ol and I֗amr Hl֨oa Bn-imin֤i A֙nci֙ Mktni֙ [1] Sbt֣i Isra֔l and Msfhti֙ Htzar֔h Mcֽl-msfh֖ot Sbt֣i Bnim֑n and L֙mh֙ Db֣rt Al֔i Cdb֖r Hzֽh: S.
22: 9 And Shemuel took up the tabernacle of Saul, and the sons of Ner, his sons, and brought them to the tabernacle, and gave them to them, because they dwelt among them, because they were afraid of the people of Koru, but they were afraid, because when they were weak, they came to life.
23: 9 And he said, Shemuel, I am the captain of the tabernacle, and thou shalt bring the people away: for I have given up my inheritance to you, which I have not given unto you, because I have given thee witness to thee: for thou hast brought with thee thy people.
24: 9 and I֣rm H֠tbh At-hs֨ok and Hal֜ih and I֣sm | Lfn֣i Sa֗ol and I֙amr֙ Hn֤h Hnsar֙ Sim-lfn֣ic Ac֔l C֧i Lmoa֛d Sֽmor-lc֥ Lam֖r Ha֣m | Kr֑ati and I֧acl Sa֛ol Am-smoa֖l Bi֥om Hhֽoa:
25: 9 And he went down from the house, saying, "Be careful, and speak with the people,
26: 9 and Isc֗mo and Ih֞i Cal֤ot Hs֙hr֙ and Ikr֨a Smoa֤l Al-saol֙ The roof ** Hg֣gh Lam֔r K֖omh and Aslh֑c and I֣km Sa֗ol and Itza֧o Snih֛m H֥oa and Smoa֖l Hhֽotzh:
27: 9 H֗mh Iֽordim֙ Bktz֣h Ha֔ir and Smoa֞l Am֣r Al-sa֗ol Am֥r Ln֛ar and Iab֥r Lfn֖ino and ֽiab֑r and Ath֙ Am֣d Ci֔om and Asmiac֖ At-db֥r Alhֽim: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 10   (27 verses)‬
1:10 And he took the name of Shemuel, and brought him to the land of Haman, and he besought him on his head, and he gave him strength, and he said to him, Behold, ye shall not be ashamed of the LORD, O Jehovah, for his inheritance;
2: 10 Blctc֤ Hiom֙ Mamd֔i and Mtzat֩ Sn֨i Ans֜im Am-kbr֥t Rh֛l Bgb֥ol Bnim֖n Btzltz֑h and Amr֣o Al֗ic Nmtza֤o Hatnot֙ As֣r Hl֣ct Lbk֔s and Hn֨h Nt֤s Ab֙ic֙ At-dbr֣i Hatn֔ot and Da֤g Lcm֙ Lam֔r M֥h Aas֖h Lbnֽi:
3: 10 Hlft֨ Ms֜m and H֗lah and B֙at֙ Ad-al֣on Tb֔or and Mtza֤oc Sm֙ Sls֣h Ans֔im Al֥im Al-halh֖im Bֽit-a֑l Ah֞d Ns֣a | Sls֣h Gdi֗im and Ahd֙ Ns֗a Sl֙st֙ Ccr֣ot L֔hm and Ah֥d Ns֖a Nֽbl-iֽin:
4: 10 And they said unto you, 'It is not your destiny, but theirs, and they have given you strength, and you have taken pity on them, and you have taken them from their hands.'
5: 10 A֣hr C֗n Tboa֙ Gba֣t Halh֔im Asr-s֖m Ntzb֣i Flst֑im and Ihi֩ Cbac֨ S֜m Ha֗ir and Fgat֞ H֤bl Nbiaim֙ Ird֣im Mֽhbm֔h and Lfnih֞m N֤bl and Tf֙ and Hl֣il and Cn֔or and H֖mh Mֽtnbaֽim:
6: 10 And the LORD, the LORD, hath revealed unto thee, O LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
7:10 And behold, it was so, that thou shalt give it to me: thou shalt give it to me, that I may do unto thee, that I may do unto thee, that thou mayest be gone: thou shalt not give up thy hand: for the LORD thy God is with thee.
8: 10 Irdt֣ Lfni֮ Hglgl֒ and Hn֤h Aֽnci֙ Ir֣d Al֔ic Lhal֣ot Al֔ot Lzb֖h Zbh֣i Slm֑im Sba֨t Im֤im Tohl֙ Ad-boa֣i Al֔ic and Hodat֣i Lc֔ A֖t As֥r Tasֽh:
9: 10 And he, behold, as before him, he gave him his name, and he gave it to him, so that he did not receive it, because he had been put to death, and he turned to him, saying, God is not there, that he may return to the house of the LORD, and he shall bring forth all the things that are with him,
10: 10 And they were there, and there they were, because they were hungry, and they gave it to the children of Neba, to call upon him, and his men came to him, and his people came upon him, and they saw him, God's God, and they were not in their midst.
11: 10 Ih֗i Cl-iֽodao֙ Matm֣ol Sls֔om and Ira֕o and Hn֥h Am-nba֖im Nb֑a and I֨amr Ha֜m A֣is Al-ra֗ho Mh-zh֙ Hi֣h Lbn-k֔is Hg֥m Sa֖ol Bnbiaֽim:
12: 10 And when the people of Israel died, they were destroyed, and they said: And I will cause them to die, so that they may be given to the people of the land, because they are not worthy of the sons of the sons of Israel.
13: 10 And he shall be full of wine, and he shall bring forth bread, and he shall bring it to the bread.
14: 10 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt go astray, and he shall not go astray: for he hath taken them away: and he hath said unto them, I beg thee, thou shalt not be afraid; and I will see her, as I am, and thou shalt not return unto him unto the name of her name.
15: 10 And the Lord said unto them, Shall we not go down to the house of the LORD, for we shall not be afraid?
16: 10 And Saul said unto Saul, Come unto me, I pray thee, the LORD, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty.
17: 10 And Samuel made a mockery of them, bringing the people into the house of the LORD;
18: 10 I֣amr | Al-bn֣i Isra֗l P. Cֽh-am֤r Ihoh֙ Alh֣i Isra֔l Anc֛i Hal֥iti At-isra֖l Mmtzr֑im and Atz֤il Atcm֙ Mi֣d Mtzr֔im and Mid֙ Cl-hmmlc֔ot Hlhtz֖im Atcֽm:
19: 10 At֨m Hi֜om Mast֣m At-alhic֗m Asr-h֣oa Mos֣ia Lcm֮ Mcl-raotic֣m and Tzrֽticm֒ and T֣amro L֔o Ci-m֖lc Ts֣im Al֑ino and At֗h Hֽtitzbo֙ Lfn֣i Iho֔h Lsbtic֖m and Lalficֽm:
20: 10 And he called to the king, saying, "All the women of the tribe of Israel have come into captivity, and they have come to the house of the tribe of Nebat with their sons."
21: 10 And he drew the sword of the children of Benjamin into his family, to his family, and to him, and went to the house of the captain of the tribe of Mattar, and he took possession of the land of the tribe of the tribe of Shem, and they begged him, and he was not saved.
22: 10 And they asked him, "O son of Abraham, son of Abraham, son of David, son of Abraham, son of Israel, and of the people of Israel."
23: 10 And they saw it, and they took it away, and they took it away, and they gave it to them, and they gave it to them, and they gave it to them, and they gave it to them, and they gave it to them all.
24: 10 And he said to them, "I will go to all the people of the world, and I will see you." And he said to him, "Behold, I am afraid of you." "Oh, my God!" He said, "Yes, I do not know that you were in the house of all the people.
25: 10 And David spoke to them, saying, "Do not go to the house of the captain of the tribe of Malchach, and you shall repent to the LORD, and he will be turned away before the LORD, and he will be put to death, and he will bring all the people into the house of his people."
26: 10 And it came to pass, when Saul came, he returned to his house, and he turned away from him, and went with him, and with him came the fire, which God had caused, and they were not in their hearts.
27: 10 And the sons of the children of Bilu, saying to him, Why are they not satisfied with him, and they have taken him away, and they have taken him away, and they have not taken him away, and they have been brought to him, and they have been given to them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 11   (15 verses)‬
1:11 And Nahal the son of Nahshon, the son of Ammon, returned to Me, and the son of the son of Laban returned to Gilboa, saying, "Behold, all the men of Israel are ashamed of you, so shall we be ashamed of you, and we shall not be afraid of you.
2:11 And it was said unto them, Is this the people of the people, that is, in the same way, I will remember them: for they are not in the house of the children of Israel, for they are all iniquity, and they have been put to death, and they have been burned down against all the children of Israel.
And he said unto him, Behold, ye shall not be ashamed: for they are not with thee, they are the children of the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, the children of Israel, and the children of Israel.
4:11 And the sons of the angels came to him, saying, "Go down, go down, and go down, and speak to the LORD, for they are not in the ear, but they are not, and all the men have taken up their anger against them, and they have been weeping against you."
5:11 And he, behold, he was ashamed of him, and he came after him, and the first of the sons of the tribe of Israel went out, and he said to them, Shall we not go to the house of Moses, that is, that they should be blessed, and that the people of Israel should be put to death, that they should not speak?
6: 11 And Moses, the son of the king, came to the house of Saul, and heard it, when he heard it, when he heard the word of the LORD, and he gave it to him, and he became more distant than his father.
7: 11 Ikh֩ Tz֨md Bk֜r and ֽinth֗ho and Isl֞h Bcl-gb֣ol Isral֮ Bi֣d Hmlac֣im | Lamr֒ Asr֩ Ain֨no Itz֜a Ahr֤i Saol֙ and Ah֣r Smoa֔l C֥h Ias֖h Lbkr֑o and If֤l Fֽhd-ihoh֙ Al-ha֔m and Itza֖o Ca֥is Ahֽd:
8:11 And the children of the children of Israel were in the midst of the famine, and the children of Israel were there, because they had not lost their wives, and the people of Judah were destroyed, because they were not in their midst.
9: 11 Iamr֞o Lmlac֣im Hba֗im C֤h Tֽamron֙ Lais֙ Ib֣is Gla֔d Mh֛r Thiֽh-lc֥m Tsoa֖h * ** Ch֣m Hs֑ms them of nefarious and Ib֣ao Hmlac֗im and Ig֛ido Lans֥i Ib֖is and Ismֽho:
10: 11 And they said unto him, Is it not for the people of Israel, but for the children of Israel, and for the people of the land of Nazareth, for I have brought them unto thee, and they have done unto them, that they may not be in the midst of thorns;
11: 11 Ih֣i Mֽmhr֗t and I֨sm Sa֣ol At-ham֮ Sls֣h Rasim֒ and Ib֤ao Btoc-hֽmhnh֙ Basm֣rt Hb֔kr and Ic֥o At-am֖on Ad-h֣m Hi֑om and Ih֤i Hnsarim֙ and If֔tzo and L֥a Nsaro-b֖m Sn֥im Iֽhd:
12: 11 And the people said to them, 'Do not be afraid of them, for they are not worthy, for they are not worthy of you, for they are not worthy of you, but they are the men of the people, and you have been put to death.
13:11 And it was said, Shall I not go to the house of the LORD, for I am a man of life, because this is what I have done: for the LORD hath done that which is done by the LORD, and he hath made salvation in the land of Israel.
14: 11 And Samuel said to Samuel, Come to me, let him go, and let him go, and the mighty shall be gathered, and he shall be ashamed of them;
15: 11 Ilc֨o Cl-ha֜m Hglg֗l and Imlco֩ S֨m At-sa֜ol Lfn֤i Ihoh֙ Bglg֔l and Izbho-s֛m Zbh֥im Slm֖im Lfn֣i Iho֑h and Ism֨h S֥m Sa֛ol and Cl-ans֥i Isra֖l Ad-maֽd: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 12   (25 verses)‬
1: 12 And he said, Shemuel, I say unto all the Israelites, Behold, my name is my name, and I will bring it to you, and I will give it to you, which I will say unto you, that I will say unto you, Behold, I will come to thee, and I will bring thee to thee.
2: 12 At֞h Hn֥h Hm֣lc | Mthl֣c Lfnic֗m and Ani֙ Zk֣nti and S֔bti and Bn֖i Hn֣m Atc֑m and Ani֙ Hthl֣cti Lfnic֔m Mnar֖i Ad-hi֥om Hzֽh:
3: 12 Hnn֣i An֣o Bi֩ N֨gd Iho֜h and N֣gd Msih֗o At-sor֩ | M֨i Lk֜hti and Hm֧or M֣i Lk֗hti and At-m֤i As֙kti֙ At-m֣i Rtz֔oti and Mid-mi֙ Lk֣hti C֔fr and Aal֥im Ain֖i B֑o and As֖ib Lcֽm:
4: 12 And he said unto them, Behold, thou hast taken care of us, and it is not the desire of thy servants, nor that which thou hast brought forth from the hand of the sword;
5: 12 And the Lord said unto them: 'Surely the LORD your God is with you, and he is with you from his captivity, and this is the day of the day, and this is the time of the people, because they have not yet come out, but they are not in the hands of the people.' '"So what is the meaning of the word?"
6:12 And it was said, Shemuela came unto the LORD, the LORD, that is, Esau, who made the wife of Moses a wife, and the wife of Aaron, and she raised up her father, and raised them up from the land of Egypt.
7: 12 And it came to pass, that thou shalt give them strength, and they shall be ashamed of thee, that they may come before me: the LORD is the God of all things, the righteousness of the LORD, the LORD, the God of the people that hath done them, and their fathers.
8: 12 Cֽasr-b֥a Iak֖b Mtzr֑im and Izak֤o Abֽoticm֙ Al-iho֔h and Isl֨h Iho֜h At-ms֣h and Aֽt-ahr֗n and Iotz֤iao At-abֽticm֙ Mmtzr֔im and Isb֖om Bmk֥om Hzֽh:
9: 12 And Vishikah, the LORD, brought them to the house of the LORD, and they brought them down, because they were in the midst of the wall of the wilderness, and the land of the tribe of Zephath, the son of Hazor, and of the tribe of Pharisees, and of the land of Meziel, of Moab, and of the land of Judah.
10: 12 Izak֤o Al-ihoh֙ * and ** said, and Iamr֣o [a] Ht֔ano C֤i Az֙bno֙ At-iho֔h and Nab֥d At-hbal֖im and At-hastr֑ot and At֗h Htzil֛no Mi֥d Aib֖ino and Nabdֽc:
11: 12 And Jehoah, the daughter of Jeroboam, brought them together, and brought them into the midst of them, and brought them out of the house, and brought them up to them, and brought them out of them, and they brought them forth, and brought them to the land, and they returned to the land of the land.
12: 12 And he saw it, and he said, "Behold, I will not let you go, but I will not let you go, but I will not let you go, but I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will come to you."
13: 12 And now, behold, it is their inheritance, which is as it is in their midst, but they are ashes, which ye have given them, and they have been given to them, O Jehovah, O God, I will bring you forth from your midst.
14: 12 Am-tֽira֣o At-iho֗h and Abdt֤m Ato֙ and Smat֣m Bkl֔o and L֥a Tmr֖o At-f֣i Iho֑h and Hit֣m Gm-at֗m and Gm-hm֙lc֙ As֣r Ml֣c Alic֔m Ah֖r Iho֥h Alhicֽm:
15: 12 And if ye not hear, it is in the voice of the LORD, O LORD, that thou hast put down the mouth of the LORD, O Jehovah, and be patient, the hand of the LORD is upon thee, and in thy fathers,
16: 12 And when the LORD came to him, he saw the LORD, and saw the greatness of the Lord, and this is what the LORD hath said: Jehovah is the LORD, and he hath made thee,
17: 12 Hl֤oa Ktzir-htim֙ Hi֔om Akra֙ Al-iho֔h and It֥n Kl֖ot and Mt֑r and Da֣o and Ra֗o Cֽi-ratc֤m Rbh֙ As֤r Asitm֙ Bain֣i Iho֔h Lsa֥ol Lc֖m Mֽlc: S.
18: 12 And he called to Samuel, saying, "Behold, the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD will be with you."
19: 12 Iamr֨o Cl-ha֜m Al-smoa֗l Htfl֧l Bad-abd֛ic Al-iho֥h Alh֖ic and Al-nm֑ot Cֽi-is֤fno Al-cl-htat֙ino֙ Ra֔h Lsa֥l L֖no Mֽlc: S.
20: 12 I֨amr Smoa֤l Al-ham֙ Al-tir֔ao At֣m Asit֔m A֥t Cl-hra֖h Hz֑at A֗c Al-ts֙oro֙ Mahr֣i Iho֔h and Abdt֥m At-iho֖h Bcl-lbbcֽm:
21: 12 And it came to pass, that they were cast off, and that they had been burned, and that the people of the house had been destroyed.
22: 12 When the LORD did not come down, he brought him to the house of the LORD, and brought him down in the midst of the fire of his name, and the greatness of the children, because he was afraid of the LORD, and he did not do anything to them.
23: 12 G-d, I am the son of the king of Israel, and I will not be afraid of you, but I will not be afraid of you, but I will give you strength, and I will give you strength, and I will give it to you.
24: 12 But you, O LORD, have brought forth the LORD, and you have worshiped them, but you have not given them any trust in all your hearts, because they see the ways of which the people of the world have gone.
25: 12 And if they were afraid, they were angry with them, but they were not with them;
‪xxxx  Chapter 13   (23 verses)‬
1: 13 The son of a woman who was in the midst of the kingdom, and his wife, and the women of the tribe of Israel, went to the house of the Israelites.
2: 13 Ibhr-l֨o Sa֜ol Sl֣st Alfim֮ Misral֒ and Ihi֨o Am-sa֜ol Alf֗im Bmcms֙ and Bh֣r Bֽit-a֔l and A֗lf Hio֙ Am-i֣ont֔n Bgba֖t Bnim֑in and I֣tr Ha֔m Sl֖h A֥is Lahlֽio:
3:13 And you, the sons of Israel, have given birth to the children of Netziv, the Philistines, and the people of the land of Israel, the land of Israel, and the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel, the land of Israel and the land of Israel.
4: 13 Cl-isra֞l Sma֣o Lam֗r Hc֤h Saol֙ At-ntz֣ib Flst֔im and Gm-nbas Isra֖l Bflst֑im and Itzak֥o Ha֛m Ahr֥i Sa֖ol Hglgֽl:
5: 13 Flst֞im Nasf֣o | Lhlh֣m Am-isra֗l Sls֨im A֤lf R֙cb֙ and S֤st Alfim֙ Frs֔im and A֕m Ch֛ol As֥r Al-sfֽt-hi֖m Lr֑b and ֽialo֙ and Ihn֣o Bmcm֔s Kdm֖t B֥it Aֽon:
6:13 And the man of Israel was afraid of him, because he was angry with him, so that he might be angry, and he would not be afraid, but he would not be afraid of them. And he would not be afraid of them, but he would not be afraid of them.
7:13 And when they had passed away, they had brought down the Jordan, and they were in the land of Gad, and Gil'ad, and Shu'al, and Adolph, were there in Gilgal, and all the mountains were burned, and they were after him.
8: 13 * And he rejoiced, and he said unto him, I pray thee, that I may die, and that I will go down, that I may not be satisfied, and that it shall not be taken into account, nor shall I bring forth the anger of the people of the land.
9: 13 And it was said, The people of G-d were not afraid, but the people were gone, and the people had turned away, and the people of the world went up.
10: 13 And he became his power, so that he might go up to the house of the Lord, and behold, he hated it, and he came to him, and he came to him, so that he could come to his house, and bring him to his house.
11: 13 I֥amr Smoa֖l M֣h As֑it and I֣amr Sa֡ol Cֽi-raiti֩ Cֽi-nf֨tz Ha֜m Mal֗i and Ath֙ La-b֙at֙ Lmoa֣d Him֔im and Flst֖im Nasf֥im Mcmֽs:
12: 13 And it came to pass, that the people of Israel went down, and the Philistines came unto me, and the Haggil, and the son of Haggai, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the Lord.
13: 13 I֧amr Smoa֛l Al-sa֖ol Nsc֑lt L֣a Sm֗rt At-mtzo֞t Iho֤h Alh֙ic֙ As֣r Tzo֔c C֣i At֗h Hc֨in Iho֧h At-mֽmlctc֛ Al-isra֖l Ad-aolֽm:
14:13 And when thou hast taken away thy kingdom, thou shalt not, but thou shalt not cry, O LORD, O LORD, for he is the man of the sword, and his heart is in him, and he hath commanded him, O LORD, to judge against him, even against his people: for it is not for thee, that thou shalt bring forth the seed of the fire of thy commandment, saith the LORD thy God.
15:13 13 And he rose up, and rose up to him, and he went away from the snow, and the children of Gibeam, the children of the people, and the people of the tribe of Saul, the people of the tribe, were brought up with them, as they had made it,
16:13 And Saul and his sons were with him, and his people, and the people of the tribe of Ammon, were with them; they were returning to the land of Gibeon, because they were in their midst, and they were flattened, and they were not saved in the midst of them.
17: 13 And he brought the messiah out of the camp, and there was a threshing-floor, and there was no thorn, but the head was not, and the sword of the sword was on it, and he turned away from it, and turned unto the king of the tribe of Asaph.
18:13 And Haruash, the one, Saad, the one, the son of David, the son of Aaron, the son of Aaron, and the son of Hadash, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David, the son of Gath, the son of Joseph, the son of Gilead, the captain of the tribe of Zechariah,
19: 13 And the deaf shall not be ashamed, but he shall not be in the midst of the land of Israel; but he shall be full of light, and he shall not be afraid.
20:13 And all the Israelites came down to him, and the Philistines came to him, and they were not ashamed: for he slew him with his wife, and with him, and with his own vineyard, and with his cattle, and with his sheep.
21: 13 And the LORD gave him the trumpet, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to the LORD.
22:13 And there was a house in the midst of the sea, and there was a great multitude, and a great camp was in the midst of all things, which brought down the captivity and the vessels of Jonah, and they came to the land of Saul, and they came to them, because they were in their midst.
23: 13 And the commandment of the captain of the tribe of Philistine came to pass.
‪xxxx  Chapter 14   (52 verses)‬
1: 14 and Ih֣i Hi֗om and I֨amr Iont֤n Bn-saol֙ Al-hn֙ar֙ Ns֣a Cl֔io Lc֗h and Nabrh֙ Al-mtz֣b Flst֔im As֖r Ma֣br Hl֑z and Lab֖io L֥a Hgֽid:
2: 14 And when the people of the tribe of Israel sat down in the midst of the rain, they turned away from the fire, and the fire was broken, and the fire went out, and the people went out, and the people went out with them, and when they were caught, they came to them.
3:14 And Ahijah the son of Ahad, the son of Ahaz, the son of Ahpah, the son of Pinhath, the son of Eli, the son of Pinhah, the son of Elah, because of his wife, the son of Noah, the son of Abraham,
4: 14 B֣in Hֽmabr֗ot As֨r Bk֤s Iֽontn֙ Lֽabr֙ Al-mtz֣b Flst֔im Sn-hs֤la Mha֙br֙ Mz֔h and Sn-hs֥la Mha֖br Mz֑h and S֤m Hֽahd֙ Botz֔tz and S֥m Hah֖d Sֽnh:
5: 14 The fifth day was the second day of the month of the month of the month of Cheshvan, and the second was the month of the month of Cheshvan, and the second was the month of Genesis.
6: 14 I֨amr Ihont֜n Al-hn֣ar | Ns֣a Cl֗io Lch֙ and Nabr֗h Al-mtzb֙ Harl֣im Ha֔lh Aol֛i Ias֥h Iho֖h L֑no C֣i A֤in Lֽihoh֙ Matz֔or Lhos֥ia Br֖b A֥o Bmaֽt:
7:14 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go, for all the things that have been done, all things shall be done unto thee, that thou shalt not be blessed: for thou shalt not be with thee, for I am with thee, and thy people shall not be with thee.
8: 14 And he said unto them, Behold, ye shall be given to us: for we are not with thee, but we have transgressed against the men, and we have turned away from them, and they are not with them.
9:14 If so, say ye, say unto us, Behold, we will not be with thee, until they come, and we will follow thee, and our people will destroy us, and we will not go up to them, nor will they be with them.
10: 14 And if so, say, O people, go up against us, and let us go up; for we will not give them up: for the LORD is our God in our hands, and this is what we have done.
11: 14 And when the two of them went up, they came to him, and said unto him, Thou shalt not go astray: and he said unto him, Thou shalt not go astray;
12: 14 Iano֩ Ans֨i Hmtzb֜h At-iont֣n | and At-ns֣a ​​Cl֗io and Iֽamro֙ Al֣o Al֔ino and Nod֥iah Atc֖m Db֑r P. I֨amr Iont֜n Al-ns֤a Clio֙ Al֣h Ahr֔i Cֽi-ntn֥m Iho֖h Bi֥d Israֽl:
13:14 And the children of Jonah were on their hands, even on his feet, and on his feet, they were still, and they were not all, yet they came after him, and they came to him, and they came to him, and to him they were, and they were numbered, and they were not all, and they were numbered of them, and they were not yet to be delayed.
14: 14 And you shall be the chief of the flock, the chief of the people: for there is no god, and there is no god but you, and there is none, and all the men of the world are like nine men: for there is no man, as in the house of the people of the land of the land of the land.
15: 14 And I was in a state of war, in the land of the camp, and in all things that were in the land, and the land of the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains, and the mountains.
16: 14 And they saw the people, the people, that were not in the midst of the children, but the children were there, and they were there, and they were there, and they were not, and they came to them, and they came to them.
17:14 And it was said, The people of the people have gone astray, but they have not seen him, and they have not seen him;
18: 14 And Saul said to Saul, "Behold, my brother, the wife of the LORD, the wife of the LORD, be with you, O God, be with me, for I will be with you, O God, and I will return to you, O God, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will be with you."
19: 14 And there came to me the people of Israel, who were in the midst of the threshing-floor, and the people of the land, which were in the camp, and that was in the land of the land, and the land of the LORD, and the land of the LORD, and the land of the LORD.
20:14 And Zucker, the man of the people, went astray, and all the people of Israel were with him, and they were with him, and they were with him over the war, and they were there, because they were afraid of the people, because they were afraid of them, because they were great, and they were afraid of them.
21: 14 Habr֗im Hi֤o Lflstim֙ Catm֣ol Sls֔om As֨r Al֥o Am֛m Bֽmhn֖h Sb֑ib and Gm-h֗mh Lֽhiot֙ Am-isra֔l As֥r Am-sa֖ol and Iontֽn:
22: 14 And all the men of Israel were brought together, and the people of the tribe of Yahweh were in the mountain of Ephrath, but they were not in the midst of the wilderness, but the people of the tribe of Israel were defeated. And they were defeated, and they were defeated, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, because they were in battle against them.
23: 14 And Jehoshua the son of Jehoiah came to Israel, and he brought him to Israel, and he went to the house of Judah, and he returned to Bethany, but he was not there.
24: 14 Aֽis-isra֥l Ng֖s Bi֣om Hh֑oa and Ial֩ Sa֨ol At-ha֜m Lam֗r Ar֣or H֠ais Asr-i֨acl L֜hm Ad-ha֗rb and Nkmti֙ Ma֣ib֔i and Lֽa Ta֥m Cl-ha֖m Lֽhm: S.
Num 25:14 And all the land was in it, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and it became, and it came to pass, and it went up against the face of the land.
26:14 And the people came to the house, and it came to pass, and behold it, it went down to you, and it was not, and the hand of his hand was not brought up to him, because it was because of the light of the fire, but the people were not satisfied with it.
27: 14 Iont֣n Lֽa-sm֗a Bhsb֣ia Abio֮ At-ham֒ and Isl֗h At-ktz֤h Hmth֙ As֣r Bid֔o and Itb֥l Aot֖h Biar֣t Hdb֑s and I֤sb Ido֙ Al-f֔io * and Taraneh ** and Ta֖rnh Ainֽio:
28: 14 And when the people of Israel came to the land of the people of Israel, the people of the tribe returned, and the people returned to the land of Israel, and the people of Israel turned to Amor, saying, "Behold, I will be ashamed of the people of Israel, for I will not be afraid of them, but I will be afraid of them, and I will be angry with them."
29: 14 And he said unto him, Thou shalt go down, and thou shalt not see, thou shalt not see, but thou shalt see the earth, seeing that it is not, but that thou shalt not see the eyes of me: for it is wrong, but I am not satisfied with it.
30: 14 And he said unto him, Behold, lo! Thou shalt not eat, but I will not be consumed; for the day is not yet, but it is not, but it is not.
31:14 And it came to pass, that the people of the land were in the Philistines, and they were not in the house, but the men of the land were there, and the people of the land were afraid of them.
32: 14 And he did it, and the people went down to the house of the spoiler, and the people of the land, and took away the flock, and the sons of Baqar, and the sons of Bashkir, and the tribe of Anzah,
33:14 And Hagido begged Saul, saying unto him, Behold, the people of Hatham have sinned against him, and they have been given to the LORD upon their children, and they have said in their greatness: 'Go up to them, for they are great.'
34: 14 I֣amr Sa֣ol F֣tzo Ba֡m and Amrt֣m Lh֡m Hg֣iso Ali֩ A֨is Sor֜o and A֣is Si֗ho and Shtt֤m Bzh֙ and Aclt֔m and Lֽa-thta֥o Lֽiho֖h Lac֣l Al-hd֑m and Ig֨so Cl-ha֜m A֣is Sor֧o Bid֛o Hl֖ilh and Ishto-sֽm:
35: 14 And the son of Saul, the son of Zephath, came to him, and he returned to him, and said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not see the son of the son of Zebub;
36: 14 I֣amr Sa֡ol Nrd֣h Ahri֩ Flst֨im | L֜ilh and ֽnb֥zh Bh֣m | Ad-a֣or Hb֗kr and Lֽa-nsa֤r Bhm֙ A֔is and I֣amr֔o Cl-ht֥ob Bain֖ic As֑h S. I֙amr֙ Hch֔n Nkrb֥h Hl֖m Al-halhֽim:
37: 14 And Saul asked him, saying, Behold, the LORD hath gone to the land of Israel, and the people of Israel have come to them, and they have given unto thee, that thou shalt not give in unto the children of Israel;
38: 14 And he said unto them, Behold, they have gone down, and they have gone down, and they have gone down, and they have not seen them; and they have seen them, and they have seen them, and they have seen them.
39: 14 For when the life of the LORD came to pass, the people of Israel came to Israel, so that they might be put to death, even if they were in their hands, because they were in their midst, because they were in their midst, and they were not with them.
40: 14 I֣amr Al-cl-isra֗l Atm֙ Tֽhio֙ La֣br Ah֔d and ֽani֙ and Iont֣n Bn֔i Nhi֖h La֣br Ah֑d and Iamr֤o Ham֙ Al-sa֔ol Ht֥ob Bain֖ic Asֽh: S.
41: 14 And it came to pass, that the people of Israel went up to the LORD, saying, "O God, be with me, the children of Israel shall be destroyed, and they shall return to you, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall not be destroyed, and they shall not be afraid."
42: 14 And he said unto them, Behold, the voice of the children shall be brought to me, and they shall not be given to me, but they shall not be with you, and they shall be numbered of you.
43: 14 I֤amr Saol֙ Al-i֣ont֔n Hg֥idh L֖i M֣h As֑ith and Igd-l֣o Iont֗n ​​and Iamr֩ Ta֨m Ta֜mti Bktz֨h Hmt֧h Asr-bid֛i Ma֥t Db֖s Hnn֥i Amֽot:
44: 14 And it came to pass, that the people of Israel went up, so that the LORD had made a covenant with the LORD, and he had given it to him, so that he might go to the house of the LORD.
45: 14 I֨amr Ha֜m Al-sa֗ol Hֽiont֤n | Imot֙ As֣r A֠sh Hisoa֨h Hgdol֣h Hzat֮ Bisral֒ Hl֗ilh Hi-ihoh֙ Am-if֞l Msar֤t Raso֙ A֔rtzh Cֽi-am-alh֥im As֖h Hi֣om Hz֑h and Ifd֥o Ha֛m At-iont֖n and La-mֽt: S.
46: 14 And the people of Saul went up from after them: they were not in possession, and they were flattened, and they were brought to their place.
47: 14 Sa֛ol Lc֥d Hmloc֖h Al-isra֑l and Il֣hm Sb֣ib | Bֽcl-aib֡io Bmoa֣b | and Bbni-am֨on and Bad֜om and Bmlc֤i Tzobh֙ and Bflst֔im and Bc֥l Asr-ifn֖h Irsֽia:
48: 14 And he went up to the house of the king, and brought down the Amalekites, and cut off the people of Israel from Mehdad the son of Josiah.
49: 14 And he said unto them, Behold, I am in the house of the people of Israel, and they shall not be numbered. 17 And they shall be ashamed, and I will go down there, and there I will go, and I will be with you.
50: 14 And there was the name of the wife of Saul, the wife of Ahimelech, the captain of the tribe, and the men of the tribe of Zach, the son of Nahar, the son of Nahar, the son of Nahum;
51: 14 And Keith, the father of Abi, Saul, and Saul, the father of Abi-Abner, son of Abiathal.
52: 14 And you shall have mercy on me, and I will give you strength, and I will give it to you. "52:14 And the LORD said to the king," Behold, I will not go to the Philistines. "
‪xxxx  Chapter 15   (35 verses)‬
1:15 And he said, Shemuel, I pray thee, I pray thee, I pray thee, O God, that the LORD be with thee, that he may destroy thee, that he may tread upon thee upon his people, even upon the people of Israel, and go forth, that he may go forth, and tell him, saying, Speak unto me, O LORD,
2:15 Thus saith the LORD, O LORD, I am the captain of the tribe of Israel, that I may bring down the land of Israel, that the people of Israel have done unto Israel, that which they have done shall not be in the land of Israel, but the people of Egypt.
3: 15 Ath֩ L֨c and Hcֽit֜h At-aml֗k and Hֽhrmtm֙ At-cl-asr-l֔o and L֥a Thm֖l Al֑io and Hmt֞h Ma֣is Ad-as֗h Mֽall֙ and Ad-ion֔k Ms֣or and Ad-s֔h Mgm֖l and Ad-hmֽor: S.
4: 15 And Saul carried out Saul's charge, and he gave up the tribe of Batelah, but now it is not a day of tribulation, but the people of the tribe of Elaph came to meet Ish-Yehudah, Jehudah,
5:15 And Abba came, and Saul went up to Adir, the Amalekites, and the sons of Anbar were there.
6: 15 and I֣amr Sa֣ol Aֽl-hkin֡i Lco֩ S֨ro Rd֜o Mt֣oc Amlk֗i Fn-aֽsfc֙ Am֔o and At֞h As֤ith H֙sd֙ Am-cl-bn֣i Isra֔l Balot֖m Mmtzr֑im and I֥sr Kin֖i Mt֥oc Amlֽk:
7:15 And he that hath made thee go astray from the house of the LORD, that is, in the midst of thee, that is, that is, that is, the land of the land, the land of the land, the land of the children of Israel.
8: 15 And he took up the vessels of the hand of the workers, and brought them forth, and all the men, and they were free to the LORD.
9: 15 and Ihml֩ Sa֨ol and Ha֜m Al-ag֗g and Al-mit֣b Htzan֩ and Hbk֨r and Hmsn֤im and Al-hcrim֙ and Al-cl-ht֔ob and L֥a Ab֖o Hhrim֑m and Cl-hmlac֛h Nmbz֥h and Nm֖s At֥h Hhrֽimo: P.
10: 15 And there was a word of the word of the LORD, saying unto Samuel, I pray thee,
11: 15 Let me die, and I will give you the hope of your heart, for I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will not be afraid.
12: 15 Isc֧m Smoa֛l Lkr֥at Sa֖ol Bb֑kr and Ig֨d Lsmoa֜l Lam֗r Bֽa-sa֤ol Hcrm֙lh֙ and Hn֨h Mtz֥ib Lo֙ I֔d and Isb֙ and ֽiab֔r and I֖rd Hglgֽl:
13: 15 And the son of Solomon came to him, saying unto him, Behold, thou shalt say unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be afraid;
14: 15 And he said, Shemu'al, and he that is the son of the son of the king, and the son of the son of Zechariah, the son of Zachan.
15:15 And he said unto them, Shall I not go down from Amalek? Behold, I will bring them forth. As for the people of Hamam, the people of the tribe, I shall bring forth unto the flock, and the father of the flock, unto the LORD, and unto the LORD, and unto the LORD, the LORD thy God, and thy God, and to the LORD.
16: 15 And he said, Shemuel, I pray thee unto the Lord, I will give thee no more, and I will bring thee to thee, and I will lift up the fire, and I will bring it to thee, and I will bring it to thee.
17: 15 And he said, Shemu'el said, "Behold, thou art not a fool, but thou art in thy eyes, O LORD, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, and the mighty."
18:15 And thy messenger sent thee, O Jehovah, in the midst of thy righteousness, and he said unto thee, Thou hast brought down the sinners, thou shalt bring the labor of the wicked, and thou shalt fight against him;
19: 15 And the Lord, the Lord, hath not moved into the house of the LORD, but the LORD hath given him strength, and he hath taken away his strength, and hath taken away the land of the LORD, because of the eyes of the LORD.
20: 15 I֨amr Sa֜ol Al-smoa֗l As֤r Sm֙ati֙ Bk֣ol Iho֔h and Al֕c Bd֖rc Asr-slh֣ni Iho֑h and Ab֗ia At-agg֙ M֣lc Aml֔k and At-aml֖k Hhrֽmti:
Num 21: 15 And he took away the anger from the tribe of Zuhan, and the firstborn, the firstborn, came to the house of the LORD, and brought it forth to him, and he returned to him, and said unto him, O God, thy God is in the house of Gilgal.
22: 15 And he said, "I will be glad to say that I am in the midst of the flood, and I will not be ashamed of you, because I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will not sacrifice you, because when I die in the midst of the fire, the LORD will die, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will not be afraid of you."
23: 15 For the sin of the sinning of the wicked is the death of the LORD, and of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord of the Lord.
24: 15 And he said, I am going astray to Saul, but I have sinned against you, because I have not seen my eyes, and I have spoken with you, because I am afraid of you, and I have taken them away, and I have committed them to kill them.
25: 15 And when she saw that she was not taking the sin, she went out with him, and went out with the people, and the people came to him, and they took him away.
26: 15 And he said, Shemuel, I pray thee, I will not go down with thee; for I will not go down with thy people; for thou art not satisfied with the LORD, but Jehovah is thy God, and he is thy servant. Jehovah, O LORD, is the LORD thy God, and he is thy servant.
27: 15 And Jesse went up to Shemuel to go to the house of the king, and he took him out in the furnace of his tent, and came to him, and came to him.
28: 15 And he said unto him, Behold, I will not go astray, but I will not go down to you, O LORD, O God, O God, I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength unto thy Lord.
29: 15 And even though the Israelites were victorious, they were not ashamed, and they were not ashamed of them, because they were not, but they were not, but they were not ashamed of them.
15: 15 And he said, "Thou art a sinner, I am with thee; for I am with you, for I am with you; for I am not with you; for I am not with you, but with the people of Israel, and with the people of Israel, and with my people.
31: 15 And he returned to Shammu, after him, after he had gone astray, and he took his wife, Saul, to Saul.
32: 15 And I will say, I will be glad to see you, O my people, that I may take over thee, and I will bring thee into the land, and I will bring thee into the house of the LORD. And I will come unto thee, and I will come to the land of the land.
33: 15 And he said, Shemu'il, as a woman, that is not enough for women, so destroy thy neighbor, so that thou shalt not be ashamed, because thy mother is not with thee, and that he shall be ashamed of her, that she may bring forth the bond of the children of Israel.
34: 15 And he that transgressed the name of the king, rose up, and went astray, and went up to the house of his house, and went down, and there was nothing in it.
35: 15 And they did not lift up the sackcloth, but they saw it, and brought it up to them, until they died, and they died, and they did not desire it, but they went to the house of Saul, and it was there, and they were there, so that they may not turn away from the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 16   (23 verses)‬
1: 16 and I֨amr Iho֜h Al-smoa֗l Ad-mti֙ Ath֙ Mtab֣l Al-sa֔ol and An֣i Mast֔io Mml֖c Al-isra֑l Ml֨a Krnc֜ S֗mn and L֤c Aֽslhc֙ Al-is֣i Bֽit-hlhm֔i Cֽi-ra֧iti Bbn֛io L֖i Mֽlc:
2:16 And he said, Shemuel, I will bring thee into the midst of thee, and that I will go down, and go down, and go down, and I will come, and I will say, O LORD, I will come to thee, and thou shalt be blessed. Thou shalt bring forth bread in thy hands, and thou shalt bring forth bread, and lest the seed of bread be consumed.
3:16 And he said unto him, Behold, I am ashamed of thee, and I am not worthy of thee, but I will come to thee, and I will give thee strength: and thou shalt not be satisfied.
4:16 And he did that which was fulfilled, and he did not die; but the LORD said unto him, O LORD, be patient, and be fruitful, and be merciful to them, and be merciful to him, and bring him to the land; and he shall be afraid of him, and he shall be afraid of him: and he shall say unto them, Behold, they come unto you.
5:16 And he said, 'It is a sign of the people of Zbub, that is, of the LORD, the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, of the LORD, and of the children of his sons, and of his children;
6: 16 And he was in their midst, and he saw the God of God, and he said, "Your Lord is against us, because the LORD your God is the one who gives his orders."
7: 16 I֨amr Iho֜h Al-smoa֗l Al-tb֧t Al-mra֛ho and Al-gb֥h Komt֖o C֣i Mast֑iho C֣i | L֗a As֤r Irah֙ Had֔m C֤i Hֽadm֙ Ira֣h Lain֔im and Iho֖h Ira֥h Llbֽb:
8: 16 And he cried, but he did not go up to him, and brought him to him, and turned him away to him, before him, saying to him, "Behold, I will say unto you, Behold, I will not be afraid of thee, O LORD!"
9: 16 And Abyssinia was ashamed of her name, and she said to her, "Behold, I am not afraid of her;
10: 16 And Abi the son of Jeshai was ashamed of him, and his son was with him, and they turned to him, so that he was asked, and he said to him, Shemuel, I pray thee, thou shalt not be ashamed, neither is the son of Yahweh, behold, he hath come to him.
11: 16 I֨amr Smoa֣l Al-isi֮ Ht֣mo Hnarim֒ and I֗amr A֚od Sa֣r Hkt֔n and Hn֥h Ra֖h Btz֑an and I֨amr Smoa֤l Al-isi֙ Slh֣h and Kh֔no C֥i La-ns֖b Ad-ba֥o Fֽh:
12: 16 And he brought him up, and brought him to him, and behold, he was not with him, but with his eyes, and with his eyes, and with his eyes, and with his eyes, and with his eyes, and with his eyes, behold, the LORD said: "Behold, I will not be ashamed of you."
13: 16 Ik֨h Smoa֜l At-k֣rn Hs֗mn and Ims֣h Ato֮ Bk֣rb Ahio֒ and Ttzl֤h Rֽoh-ihoh֙ Al-do֔d Mhi֥om Hh֖oa and M֑alh and I֣km Smoa֔l and I֖lc Hrmֽth: S.
14: 16 And the LORD, the LORD, hath given him the sword of the LORD, and he hath taken away from him the commandment of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
15: 16 And he said unto him, Job, I pray thee, I pray thee, thou shalt not see us; let us not see the LORD, but the LORD is a wicked man, and he is not satisfied with thee.
16: 16 Iamr-n֤a Adn֙no֙ Abd֣ic Lfn֔ic Ibks֕o A֕is Id֖a Mng֣n Bcn֑or and Hi֗h Bֽhi֨ot Al֤ic Rֽoh-alhim֙ Ra֔h and Ng֥n Bid֖o and T֥ob Lֽc: P.
17: 16 And he said to them, Shall I go to work? See, see, we will not be ashamed, for there is no man, there is no one to bring them out, and they bring them, and bring them to them, but to them.
18: 16 Ian֩ Ah֨d Mhnar֜im and I֗amr Hn֨h Ra֜iti B֣n Lisi֮ B֣it Hlhmi֒ Id֣a N֠gn and Gb֨or H֜il and A֧is Mlhm֛h and Nb֥on Db֖r and A֣is T֑ar and Iho֖h Amֽo:
19: 16 And it came to pass, that the people of Malak were coming to Israel, saying, 'Send it to me, I will bring you my son, and I will give you the son of Israel.'
20:16 And Jehoah, the son of Hesham, went up to the house of Judah, and he came to him, and they were with him, and Gedizah came to him, and they brought him to the house of David, and he returned to him, to his house, and to Saul.
21: 16 And David came to the house of Saul, and he went down to the house of his father, and he loved him, and he was not with him, and he was there, and there was no man;
22: 16 And it came to pass, that it was not, but to the people of Israel, that the people of Israel were born, that they were David, and that they were in the midst of them, and that they were not in their sight.
23:16 And behold, it was in me that the LORD's commandment was coming, and that the people of the house had gone down, and they had taken the horns of the children, and they slew them in the hand of his hand; and they saw him, and asked him, saying, I am not afraid;
‪xxxx  Chapter 17   (58 verses)‬
1: 17 And he went up to him, and took him away, and brought him to the house of the king, and he gave him the bread, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and between her husband and her husband was in the midst of a wall of blood.
2: 17 And Saul and the Israelite man were gathered together, and they were gathered together, and they were put to death in the midst of the land of the God, and he brought it up from the sea, and it came to Korach, and the Philistines were there.
3:17 And Philistine, they were still standing before the LORD; they were there, and the people of Israel were with them; they were not with them, but they were not with her, and they were not with her.
4:17 And he gave up the children of the children of the tribe of Mizpah, and of the tribe of Phasheth, they were afraid of him, because of his name, and of his name, his name was his name, and his name was Amazah.
5:17 And as for the tribe of Abel, the tribe of Asher was at the head of his land, and the captives of the tribe of Kushash, the fifth of the tribe of Levi, were there in captivity, and the shekel of the land was seven thousand, and the fifth of them was five hundred years.
6:17 And Moses came to rest on his feet, and his hands were on him, and they were there, and they were there, and they were not consumed.
7:17 And the arrow and the arrow of the camp thereof were as light, and they were in the garden, and it was in the garden of the camp, that it was six hundred cubits, and that it was not easy, and it was not in the rain, and it was not the thorn, but it went down to you before it.
8: 17 and ֽiam֗d and Ikra֙ Al-marc֣t Isra֔l and I֣amr Lh֔m L֥mh Ttza֖o Lar֣c Mlhm֑h Hl֧oa Anc֣i Hflst֗i and Atm֙ Abd֣im Lsa֔ol Bro-lc֥m A֖is and Ir֥d Alֽi:
9:17 If it is to them that you may be with me, then I will be with you, and you shall be given to them to serve the servants, and if I am with you, I will give him the spoil of him, and you shall destroy him, and you shall be with them: for they are not servants, they are servants, and you shall serve them.
10: 17 And he said unto him, Thou shalt not go down thyself; but I will not lift up my flock; I will bring thee forth, and the children of Israel shall be given to him: for this is the land of the land, and they shall be given to them. And there shall be no man, and there shall be no bread;
11: 17 And the people of Israel went up, and all the children of Israel were put to death, and the Philistines were with them, and they were there, and they were there, and they were afraid of them.
12: 17 And David, the son of Ishmael, was the son of Ephrath; and this was the son of David, the son of David, the son of Judah, the son of Judah, the son of David, the son of Judah, the son of Judah, the son of Benjamin, and the man of Babylon.
13: 17 I֨lc֜o Sl֤st Bnֽi-isi֙ Hgdl֔im Hlc֥o Ahri-sa֖ol Lmlhm֑h and S֣m | Sl֣st Bn֗io As֤r Hlco֙ Bmlhm֔h Alia֣b Hbc֗or and Msn֙ho֙ Ab֣ind֔b and Hsls֖i Smֽh:
14: 17 And David is the son of the king, and he is the captain of the mighty generation, that is, he is the one after the other.
15: 17 And David, the son of the king, went down, and turned away from them; and he went astray, and went astray, and they brought him to the house of the king.
16: 17 And Haggash the Philistine, and their captivity, and the arborethem, and gave up four hundred talents.
17:17 And he said, I pray thee, O son of David, son of his son, we shall take thee to thy brother, and thou shalt not cry unto the poor, that is, the son of Zechariah, and the seven sons of Labam, this is the son of Zechariah, and this is the land of the LORD.
18: 17 And thou shalt do as thou hast done unto me, thou shalt be the thief, and thou shalt be satisfied with the flesh of the thief, and thy brother, and thou shalt not lift up the hand of the wicked, and thou shalt not lift up thy anger;
19: 17 And Saul and his wife were numbered, and all the men of Israel were brought to the table, saying, "Behold, I will come to you, and I will be with you." They fought with the Philistines.
20: 17 Isc֨m Do֜d Bb֗kr and It֤s At-htzan֙ Al-sm֔r and Is֣a and I֔lc Cas֥r Tzo֖ho Is֑i and Iba֙ Hmag֔lh and Hh֗il Hitza֙ ​​Al-hm֣arc֔h and Hr֖ao Bmlhmֽh:
21: 17 And the people of Israel became angry, and the Philistines turned away from the land of Israel, so that they saw the land of Israel.
22:17 And the LORD shall cast his hands on the vessels of the earth above all the children of the house of all the mighty, and the land of the earth shall be upon him, and he shall bring forth his seed to his brother, and let him go into the wilderness.
23: 17 H֣oa | Mdb֣r Am֗m and Hn֣h A֣is Hbn֡im Aol֞h Glit֩ Hflst֨i Sm֤o Mgt֙ * Caves ** Mmarc֣ot [a] Flst֔im and Idb֖r Cdbr֣im Ha֑lh and Ism֖a Doֽd:
24: 17 And all the men of Israel were brought up, seeing in their sight the men of the sword, and they were defeated, and they were taken away from their faces, and the fire was coming from them.
25: 17 I֣amr | A֣is Isra֗l Hraitm֙ Ha֤is Hֽalh֙ Hz֔h C֛i Lhr֥f At-isra֖l Al֑h and ֽ֠hih Ha֨is Asr-ic֜no Iasr֥no Hm֣lc | A֣sr Gd֗ol and At-bto֙ Itn-l֔o and At֙ B֣it Ab֔io Ias֥h Hfs֖i Bisraֽl:
26: 17 I֣amr Do֗d Aֽl-hans֞im Hamd֣im Amo֮ Lamr֒ Mh-ias֗h Lais֙ As֤r Ich֙ At-hflst֣i Hl֔z and Hs֥ir Hrf֖h Ma֣l Isra֑l C֣i M֗i Hflst֤i Hֽarl֙ Hz֔h C֣i Hr֔f Marc֖ot Alh֥im Hiֽim:
27: 17 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be like that, but this is what the LORD hath done: and he hath done it to the man, and he hath not given it to him;
28: 17 Ism֤a Aliab֙ Ah֣io Hgd֔ol Bdbr֖o Al-hans֑im and Iֽhr-af֩ Alia֨b Bdo֜d and I֣amr | Lmh-z֣h Ir֗dt and Al-m֨i Nt֜st Ma֨t Htz֤an Hh֙nh֙ Bmdb֔r An֧i Id֣ati At-zdnc֗ and At֙ R֣a Lbb֔c C֗i Lm֛an Ra֥ot Hmlhm֖h Irֽdt:
29: 17 And the Lord said unto him, Behold, thou shalt do my thing, and behold, I will come unto thee;
And the Lord, the Lord of the earth, is the Lord, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, and the people of the land.
31: 17 And the Lord shall hear the voice of the Lord. [1] The Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Son of God, and the Father;
32:17 And David said unto them, Come unto me, I pray thee, I pray thee, I will not bring them into thy heart: for they shall not be thy servants, but they shall be with thee, and they shall go away with them, even with the flamethrower.
33:17 And he said, "Shall I go to the house of the Lord of the worlds, and I will go to the house of the Philistines, and I will go to the house of the Philistines, and I will return to the land of Israel, and I will go to the land of Israel."
34: 17 And David said unto David, Go down, thou shalt not see evil: for he hath been thy servant, because he is his father, that is, in the land of the flock, and he hath brought forth the land of the LORD, and the LORD, and it is he that hath not taken away from him.
35: 17 And he gave me strength after his death, and his commandment was fulfilled, and he gave him strength from his mouth, and he rose up against me, and he seized my strength, and gave him his strength, and his commandment, and his death.
36: 17 And the LORD hath given it to the LORD, and the LORD hath given it to thee, and the LORD hath given it to thee, and the LORD hath given it to the LORD, and the LORD hath given it to him.
37: 17 Iamr֮ Dod֒ Iho֗h As֨r Htzl֜ni Mi֤d Hֽari֙ and Mi֣d Hd֔b H֣oa Itzil֔ni Mi֥d Hflst֖i Hz֑h S. I֨amr Sa֤ol Al-dod֙ L֔c and ֽiho֖h Ihi֥h Amֽc:
38: 17 And he shall be filled with darkness, and he shall bring the blood of David into his hand; and he shall be with him, and he shall be with him, and he shall be satisfied with his soul, and his heart shall be filled with his strength.
39: 17 Ihg֣r Do֣d At-h֠rbo Ma֨l Lmd֜io and I֣al Llct֮ C֣i Lֽa-nsh֒ and I֨amr Do֜d Al-sa֗ol L֥a Aoc֛l Ll֥ct Ba֖lh C֣i L֣a Ns֑iti and Isr֥m Do֖d Malֽio:
40: 17 Ik֨h Mkl֜o Bid֗o and Ibhr-l֣o Hms֣h Hlkֽi-abn֣im | Mn-hn֡hl and I֣sm A֠tm Bcl֨i Hra֧im Asr-l֛o and Bilk֖ot and Kla֣o Bid֑o and Ig֖s Al-hflstֽi:
41: 17 And he went to the Philistines, and he went down to you, and came down to the house of David, and the man was there, and this was not the commandment, but his face was in him.
42:17 And the children of the Philistines were afraid of him, and they saw the LORD, and they despised him, because the people of the land were with her, and they were not with her, and they were with her, even with her children, because she saw her.
43:17 And he said to the Philistine, "Come, I will come to you, and I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will return to you."
44: 17 And he said to the Philistine, "Come unto me, I will come unto thee, and I will come to thee, and thou shalt not go out, but thou shalt not go out to the house of the LORD." And the heart of the land was destroyed.
45: 17 I֤amr Dod֙ Al-hflst֔i Ath֙ B֣a Al֔i Bh֖rb and Bhn֣it and Bcid֑on and Anc֣i Bֽa-al֗ic Bsm֙ LORD Tzba֔ot Alh֛i Marc֥ot Isra֖l As֥r Hrֽft:
46: 17 Hi֣om Hz֡h Isgrc֩ Iho֨h Bid֜i and Hcit֗c and Hsrt֤i At-rֽasc֙ Mal֔ic and N֨tt֜i F֣gr Mhn֤h Flstim֙ Hi֣om Hz֔h La֥of Hsm֖im and Lhi֣t Ha֑rtz and Iֽdao֙ Cl-ha֔rtz C֛i I֥s Alh֖im Lisraֽl:
47: 17 And all the people of the world know this, and this is the source of the inheritance, and the house of Yahweh, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and all of them.
48: 17 And there was a place where the people of Israel were gathered, and the Philistines were there, and your descendants came to them, and they were destroyed, and there was no god but the LORD, and the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
49: 17 Islh֩ Do֨d At-id֜o Al-hc֗li and Ik֨h Ms֥m A֙bn֙ and Ikl֔a and I֥c At-hflst֖i Al-mtzh֑o and Ttb֤a Ha֙bn֙ Bmtzh֔o and If֥l Al-fn֖io Aֽrtzh:
50:17 And the Lord, the Lord of the flesh of the Pharisees, took possession of the land of Baalbela, and came to the son, and took the Philistine, and he killed him, and they were destroyed, and they were not in the hand of David.
51: 17 I֣rtz D֠od and Iam֨d Al-hflst֜i and Ik֣h At-h֠rbo and ֽislf֤h Mtarh֙ and Im֣tt֔ho and Icrt-b֖h At-ras֑o and Ira֧o Hflst֛im Cֽi-m֥t Gbor֖m and Inֽso:
52: 17 Ik֣mo Ansi֩ Isra֨l and Ihod֜h and Ir֗ao and ֽirdfo֙ At-hflst֔im Ad-boac֣ G֔ia and A֖d Sar֣i Akr֑on and ֽifl֞o Hֽll֤i Flstim֙ Bd֣rc Sar֔im and Ad-g֖t and Ad-akrֽon:
53: 17 And they shall be ashamed of the children of Israel, and the children of Israel shall be put to death, and they shall be put to death, and they shall be put to death, and they shall be ashamed of their camps.
54: 17 And David took the sword of the sword of the Philistine, and brought it to him, and they brought it to them, and they destroyed all their possessions in their tents.
55: 17 Cra֨ot Sa֜ol At-do֗d Itza֙ Lkr֣at Hflst֔i Am֗r Al-abnr֙ S֣r Htzb֔a Bn-mi-z֥h Hn֖ar Abn֑r and I֣amr Abn֔r Hֽi-nfsc֥ Hm֖lc Am-idֽati:
56: 17 And he said unto him, What is thy name, that thou hast given unto me, son of me?
57: 17 And Moses, the son of David, went down to the house of the king, and brought him to the house of the Philistines, and he brought him to the house of Abner, and brought him up before him, that was desolate: and the sword of the Philistine was with him, and he was in his own hands.
58: 17 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be a son, but thou art a reproach, and behold, I say unto thee, Behold, thy servant is thy servant;
‪xxxx  Chapter 18   (30 verses)‬
1: 18 And he was his own, so that he could not go down to the house of Saul, and he was afraid of him, for he was afraid of him, and he was afraid of him, and he loved him, and he loved him, and loved him, and the LORD was with him.
2: 18 And he took him away, saying, "Behold, I will be with you, and this is his father, and I have not given him his name, but I will return to you."
3:18 And the Lord, blessed be He, gave birth to him, and his Lord became righteous in his love, and gave him his strength, as the captain of his tribe.
4: 18 And the LORD looked on him, and the men of the maidservant, the women of Asher, went up to him, and brought him to him, to his children, and to him, and to his children, and to his sword, and to him, and to his thrones, and to his loins.
5: 18 Itz֨a Do֜d Bcl֩ As֨r Islh֤no Saol֙ Isc֔il and Ism֣ho Sa֔ol A֖l Ans֣i Hmlhm֑h and Iitb֙ Bain֣i Cl-ha֔m and G֕m Bain֖i Abd֥i Saֽol: P.
6: 18 Ih֣i Bboa֗m Bs֤ob Dod֙ Mhc֣ot At-hflst֔i and Ttz֨anh Hns֜im Mcl-ar֤i Isral֙ * bull ** Ls֣ir and Hmhl֔ot Lkr֖at Sa֣ol Hm֑lc Btf֥im Bsmh֖h and Bslsֽim:
7: 18 And the people of the tribe of Hanan went to the house of the king, and the people of the land went to the land of Israel, and the land of Israel was destroyed, and there was no hope for the people of Israel.
8: 18 And the rest of the people was afraid of him, and he was not in his sight, because he was the LORD, and he was the son of Zechariah, and he was saying, "We have given him to David, and to him we shall return to him, and they shall return to him, and they shall return to the land of Israel."
9: 18 And there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall.
10: 18 Ih֣i Mֽmhr֗t and Ttzl֣h Roh֩ Alh֨im | Ra֤h | Al-saol֙ and Itnb֣a Btoc-hb֔it and Do֛d Mng֥n Bid֖o Ci֣om | Bi֑om and Hhn֖it Bid-saֽol:
11: 18 And Saul begged Saul, the captain of the camp, and said unto her, I will bring thee into the house of David, and the priest shall go down to the house of David, and the house of the LORD shall be upon him.
12: 18 And he saw that he was taken away from the house of the Lord, and that the LORD was with him, because he was with him, and the LORD was with him, and when he heard them, he went astray.
13:18 And they disobeyed him, and asked him, saying, "Where are you, and what have you done to him?" He said to him, "Sing, thou shalt give him a sword, and he will come, and bring it to the house."
14: 18 And there was an angel of David, all of whom were with him;
15: 18 And he saw that he was sick, and that he was not afraid, that he might be ashamed of his mother, and he was afraid of his face.
16: 18 And all Israel was with him, and he saw him, and he brought his sword to the ground, so that he could not see it, and he brought it to her face.
17: 18 I֨amr Sa֜ol Al-do֗d Hnh֩ Bt֨i Hgdol֤h Mrb֙ Ath֙ Atn-lc֣ Las֔h A֚c Hih-l֣i Lbn-h֔il and Hlh֖m Mlhm֣ot Iho֑h and Sa֣ol Am֗r Al-th֤i Idi֙ B֔o and Thi-b֖o Id-flstֽim: S.
18:18 And the Lord said unto him, Shall I not go down to the house of the Lord, and I will go down to you, and I will be with thee?
19:18 And it came to pass, in the midst of the children of Seth, that the daughter of Shiloh was sent to David, and she gave her to the children of Adhariah, and she gave birth to the inheritance.
20:18 And the daughter of Shiloh begged the children of David, and they turned him away to the sword, and the fire of the LORD was in the eye of his children.
21:18 And it was said, "Shall we not be circumcised?" And he said to him, "Behold, I will be with you." And he said, "Shall I ask the Lord, Lord of the Lord, for you shall be satisfied?"
22: 18 And he commanded him to turn away from his servant; and he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go down unto me; for thou art unclean: thou art vain, and thy servant is in thy hand, and all thy works shall not love thee, and thy covenant shall be with thee.
23: 18 ֽidbr֞o Abd֤i Saol֙ Bazn֣i Do֔d At-hdbr֖im Ha֑lh and I֣amr Do֗d Hֽnkl֤h Baֽinicm֙ Htht֣n Bm֔lc and Anc֖i Aֽis-r֥s and Nklֽh:
24: 18 And Haggadah worshiped him; and he went astray, saying unto him, saying, Thou art like a barbar, and this is what I have said.
25: 18 I֨amr Sa֜ol Cֽh-tamr֣o Ldo֗d Aֽin-h֤ftz Lm֙lc֙ Bm֔hr C֗i Bmah֙ Arl֣ot Flst֔im Lhnk֖m Baib֣i Hm֑lc and Sa֣ol Hs֔b Lhf֥il At-do֖d Bid-flstֽim:
26: 18 And they worshiped his servant, and brought him to David, and he brought the word of the LORD, and he gave it to him, and he gave up the word of the LORD, in the eyes of the LORD, that he might come down to you, that he might come to you, and that he would not come.
27: 18 I֨km Do֜d and I֣lc | H֣oa and Ans֗io and I֣c Bflstim֮ Mat֣im Ais֒ and Ib֤a Dod֙ At-arl֣tih֔m and Imla֣om Lm֔lc Lhtht֖n Bm֑lc and Itn-l֥o Sa֛ol At-mic֥l Bt֖o Lasֽh: S.
28: 18 And he saw that he had asked him, and he knew that the LORD was with Judah, and that he had been circumcised with the daughter of Saul; and he loved him, and he loved him.
29: 18 And he gave the sword of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord.
30: 18 And he went out to him, saying, "Seriously, I am a Philistine." And he said, "I have gone out of my way, and you have been thirsty, for there is no god but David; for all of them are servants, and there is no god; and there is no doubt."
‪xxxx  Chapter 19   (24 verses)‬
1: 19 And Dibbar said to Saul, Behold, his son is not, and all his servants have come to destroy the Lord, and he is the Lord of the Son of Israel, and the son of Saul is the one who has been saved by the hand of David.
2: 19 And the LORD commanded the LORD, and he gave him the commandment of the LORD, and he begged him, saying, I am the father of your father, and I will not be with you. And I will not be with you.
3: 19 And I will be with you, and I will be with you, even in the hand of my father, even in the land, but as a wife, I have been married to you, and I have been married to you, and I have seen you, and I have seen you, my father, my father, and you have seen me.
4: 19 Idb֨r Ihont֤n Bdod֙ T֔ob Al-sa֖ol Ab֑io and I֣amr A֠lio Al-iht֨a Hm֜lc Babd֣o Bdo֗d C֣i L֤oa Hta֙ L֔c and C֥i Mas֖io Tob-lc֥ Maֽd:
5: 19 and Ism֩ At-nfs֨o Bcf֜o and I֣c At-hflst֗i and I֨as Iho֜h Tsoa֤h Gdolh֙ Lcl-isra֔l Ra֖it and Tsm֑h and L֤mh Tֽhta֙ Bd֣m Nk֔i Lhm֥it At-do֖d Hnֽm:
6: 19 And the people of Israel went astray in the house of the LORD, and they returned, and they returned to the land of Israel, and the people of Israel lived with them.
7: 19 and Ikr֤a Ihontn֙ Ldo֔d and Igd-lo֙ Ih֣ont֔n A֥t Cl-hdbr֖im Ha֑lh and Ib֨a Ihont֤n At-dod֙ Al-sa֔ol and Ih֥i Lfn֖io Catm֥ol Slsֽom: S.
6:19 And the children of the children of Judah fought against the Jews, and they came to them, and they came to them in peace, and they were in their midst, and they were in their midst, and they were not with them, and they were great.
9: 19 And the LORD came to the house of Jehoah, the son of Judah, and the son of Saul, the son of Saul, and the son of Judah, the daughter of Josiah, the son of David, the son of Nahshath, of his sons, of Judah, and of David, of Manag, and of the son of David.
10: 19 And he asked him to go down to the house of the king, and he took him in the house of David, and he begged, and he gave up the house of the tribe of Naphtali, so that he went to the house of the Hananites, and was there in the valley, and David, the son of Nathas, and the king of the tribe of Baal, the hill of Judah.
11: 19 Islh֩ Sa֨ol Mlac֜im Al-b֤it Dod֙ Lsmr֔o and Lhmit֖o Bb֑kr and Tg֣d Ldo֗d Mic֤l Asto֙ Lam֔r Am-a֨inc֜ Mml֤t Aֽt-nfsc֙ Hl֔ilh Mh֖r At֥h Momֽt:
12: 19 And he turned away from the king, and he brought the sword to the ground, and he came to the window, and he came to him, and he came to him, and he came to the house.
13:19 And thou shalt smite the threshing-up of the thorns, and it shall be done to the thorns of the sea, and it shall be as the heat of the fire: for there is a rain of water, for there is no rain, and there is no rain, and there is no rain.
14: 19 And it came to pass, that the people of Malak, the king of Israel, had given up the land of the LORD, and they had destroyed the land, and the land was destroyed.
15: 19 And Saul asked the men of the kings to see the Lord, saying unto him, Come up, let him go, and let him go, and behold, I will not let him die.
16: 19 And they came to him, and they came to the king, and they came to him, and they were lying down to the sea, and they were burning with fire, and they were not afraid of his evil.
17: 19 I֨amr Sa֜ol Al-mic֗l L֤mh C֙ch֙ Rmit֔ni and Tslh֥i At-aib֖i and Iml֑t and T֤amr Micl֙ Al-sa֔ol Hoa-am֥r Al֛i Slh֖ni Lm֥h Amitֽc:
18: 19 Do֨d Br֜h and Iml֗t and Ib֤a Al-smoal֙ Hrm֔th and I֨gd-l֔o A֛t Cl-as֥r Aֽsh-l֖o Sa֑ol and I֤lc Hoa֙ and Smoa֔l and Isb֖o * Nuit ** Bnֽiot:
19: 19 And it came to pass, that the people of Amor were brought up, and they were there, and they dwelt among the children of the children of Bram.
20: 19 Isl֨h Sa֣ol Mlacim֮ Lk֣ht At-dod֒ and I֗ra Aֽt-lhk֤t Hnbiaim֙ Nba֔im and Smoa֕l Am֥d Ntz֖b Alih֑m and Th֞i Aֽl-mlac֤i Saol֙ R֣oh Alh֔im and Iֽtnba֖o Gm-hֽmh:
Num 21:19 And they came to him, to bring him down, and to send them away, and to bring them up, and to bring them forth, and to bring them forth, and to bring them forth, and to bring them forth, and to bring them forth, and to bring them forth, and to give them three hundred shekels, and they were to be brought up, and they were not even with them.
22: 19 I֨lc Gm-h֜oa Hrm֗th and Iba֙ Ad-b֤or Hgdol֙ As֣r Bs֔co and Isa֣l and I֔amr Aif֥h Smoa֖l and Do֑d and I֕amr Hn֖h * Nuit ** Bni֥ot Brmֽh:
23: 19 And your children shall go to the house of the LORD, and they shall be with you, and they shall be with you, and they shall be with you, and they shall not be destroyed, and they shall not be destroyed.
24: 19 Ifs֨t Gm-h֜oa Bgd֗io and Itnb֤a Gm-hoa֙ Lfn֣i Smoa֔l and If֣l Ar֔m Cl-hi֥om Hh֖oa and Cl-hl֑ilh Al-cn֙ Iֽamr֔o Hg֥m Sa֖ol Bnbiaֽm: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 20   (42 verses)‬
1: 20 and Ibr֣h Do֔d * Mnoot ** Mni֖ot Brm֑h and Ib֞a and I֣amr | Lfn֣i Ihont֗n ​​M֤h As֙iti֙ Mֽh-aoֺn֤i and Mֽh-htati֙ Lfn֣i Ab֔ic C֥i Mbk֖s At-nfsֽi:
2: 20 I֨amr L֣o Hlilh֮ L֣a Tmot֒ Hn֡h * him- * ** did ** Lֽa- Ias֨h Ab֜i Db֣r Gd֗ol A֚o Db֣r Kt֔n and L֥a Igl֖h At-azn֑i and Mdoa֩ Ist֨ir Ab֥i Mm֛ni At-hdb֥r Hz֖h A֥in Zֽat:
3: 20 Isb֨a A֜od Do֗d and I֙amr֙ Id֨a Id֜a Ab֗ic Cֽi-mtz֤ati Hn֙ Bain֔ic and I֛amr Al-iֽda-z֥at Ihont֖n Fn-iֽatz֑b and Aol֗m Hi-ihoh֙ and H֣i Nfs֔c C֣i Cf֔sa Bin֖i and B֥in Hmֽot:
4:20 And the word of the LORD said unto them, Come unto me, what is your name, and thy soul shall be blessed, and it shall be done to thy neighbor.
5: 20 I֨amr Do֜d Al-ihont֗n ​​Hֽnh-h֙ds֙ Mh֔r and Anc֛i Isb-as֥b Am-hm֖lc Lac֑ol and Slht֙ni֙ and Nstrt֣i Bsd֔h A֖d Ha֥rb Hslsֽit:
6:20 If I see you, I will tell you, I will not be with you, and I will say, I will not give up, I will not go down from there, but I will go down to the city of Jerusalem, to the city of Jerusalem, to the city of Jerusalem, to the city of Jerusalem, and to the city of Jerusalem, to the city of Jerusalem, to the city of Jerusalem.
7:20 If the people of Israel die, they will not be enslaved, but they will not serve you again, but after that they will return to the land of Israel, and they will be destroyed, and they will be destroyed, because the evil will be with them.
8: 20 And he did the work of the servant of the servant of the servant of you, because it was in the midst of the LORD, the LORD your God, that you may bring forth your servants, your people, and the people of your people, for you are with me, because you have killed me, my father, and your father's wife, for what purpose do you bring to me?
9:20 And the word of the LORD said unto them, Behold, I pray thee, that thou shalt not go, but if the LORD hath come down to me, so shall I be afraid of thee, that is, the evil of the LORD, even if my father is not with him, but I will not lift thee up, and behold, I will bring thee forth.
10:20 And David said unto him, Come, I pray thee, thou shalt not go down, even though I am with thee, I will come to thee;
11: 20 And the Lord said, Behold, thou shalt go down to the house of David, and he shall be the LORD, and the land shall be the land of the land. And the two of them went out, and the two of them were destroyed.
12: 20 I֨amr Ihont֜n Al-do֗d Iho֞h Alh֤i Isral֙ Cֽi-ahk֣r At-ab֗i Ca֤t | Mhr֙ Hsls֔it and Hnh-t֖ob Al-do֑d and Lֽa-az֙ Asl֣h Al֔ic and Gl֖iti At-aznֽc:
13: 20 Cֽh-iash֩ Iho֨h Lֽihont֜n and C֣h Is֗if Cֽi-iit֨b Al-ab֤i At-hֽrah֙ Al֔ic and Gl֙iti֙ At-azn֔c and Slht֖ic and Hlct֣ Lsl֑om and Ih֤i Ihoh֙ Am֔c Cas֥r Hi֖h Am-abֽi:
14:20 And behold, the mother of the children of Adonai, the son of Ahadai, did not go into the house of Amidah, but the land of the LORD was destroyed;
15: 20 And you shall not be ashamed of yourselves, but your servants shall not be ashamed of them, but they shall be in the house of the children of Israel; and they shall not be in the presence of the LORD; but thou shalt love the LORD.
16: 20 And the LORD shall be with thee, and with the children of the house of David, and the LORD shall be gathered, and the LORD shall be gathered from him;
17: 20 And he that is, he that is, hath given him to return to the Lord, and hath given him his love, and hath given him his love, so that he may love him;
18:20 And the Lord said unto him, Behold, I am the LORD of hosts, and I will not be afraid of thee, nor shall I be afraid of thee;
19: 20 And Thou shalt not rejoice, but thou shalt not go down, and thou shalt come unto the thine own house, wherewith thou shalt not cause them to die, but in them they shall die, and it shall be done to them, and it shall come to pass.
20:20 And I saw the six men, who were on their side, saying unto them, Behold, I pray thee, I pray thee, and I will not be afraid.
21: 20 Hnh֙ Asl֣h At-hn֔ar L֖c Mtz֣a At-hhtz֑im Am-amr֩ Am֨r Ln֜ar Hn֥h Hhtz֣im | Mmc֣ and H֗nh Kh֧no | and B֛ah Cֽi-sl֥om Lc֛ and A֥in Db֖r Hi-ihoֽh:
22: 20 And if so, say unto them, Behold, they are the children of the half, because of thee, and they have come unto thee, for they are not worthy of your peace, but Jehovah is the LORD.
23: 20 And the Lord, the Lord, is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son, the Son, the Son, the Son, and the Son, the Son, the Son, the Son, the Son, the Son, and the Son.
24: 20 And Jesse went to the house of David, the captain of the tribe of Judah, and he went to the house of the king, and he returned to the house of the king, and he came to the house of the king to eat it.
25:20 And the king returned, and the king returned to him, and he returned to him, as though he were in the house of the king, and he was in the midst of the house of the king, and the young man was victorious.
26: 20 And it came to pass, that there was no blemish in the house, but that it was not, nor was it, that it was in the morning.
27: 20 Ih֗i Mֽmhr֤t Hh֙ds֙ Hsn֔i and Ifk֖d Mk֣om Do֑d S. I֤amr Saol֙ Al-ihont֣n Bn֔o Md֜oa La-b֧a Bn-is֛i Gm-tm֥ol Gm-hi֖om Al-hlֽhm:
28: 20 And Jonah, the LORD, brought them down; and they were not married; they were married to David, and they were numbered of them, even though they were not numbered of them.
29: 20 I֡amr Slh֣ni N֡a C֣i Zbh֩ Msfh֨h L֜no Ba֗ir and H֤oa Tzoֽh-li֙ Ah֔i and At֗h Am-mtz֤ati Hn֙ Bain֔ic Am֥lth N֖a and Ara֣h At-ah֑i Al-c֣n La-b֔a Al-slh֖n Hmֽlc: S.
30: 20 Iֽhr-a֤f Saol֙ Bih֣ont֔n and I֣amr L֔o Bֽn-nao֖t Hmrd֑ot Hl֣oa Id֗ati Cֽi-bh֤r Ath֙ Lbn-is֔i Lb֨stc֔ and Lb֖st Aro֥t Amֽc:
Num 31:20 When all the children are gone, when the son of the children of Israel dies, the children of Israel will not return to the land, but you will return to him and reign over you, and you will return to him, and I will bring him to you, but not to me, because I am not the son of the people of the land.
32: 20 And Joan, the son of Jehoiunah, saw his father, his father, and his father; and he said unto them, Behold, I am not worthy;
33: 20 And he gave him the burden of the foolishness of the sons of Hanan, that they were not able to strike him, and he was afraid of them. Yea, they were afraid of him. 17 And they said to him, "Behold, they are not with you, but they have not been able to destroy the LORD."
34: 20 And the LORD shall rise up, and the LORD shall return to them, and they shall not be put to death, neither shall they be put to death in the day of the second month, nor shall they be in the heat of the fire, for they shall not be oppressed, neither shall they be put to death, but they shall not be destroyed.
35: 20 And he was in the house of Korak, and he brought out the LORD, the LORD, that is, the land, that he might return to the house of David, so that he might go down with his flock.
36: 20 And he said unto Ner, Thou shalt not see the threshing-floor of the tribe of Nathonath, but the ark of the ark, that I am not, that I am not Mordecai, but this is the razor-blade, and this is the wall of the earth.
37: 20 And the son of the son of the king returned to the house of the king of the land of the land of the land of Israel, the LORD of Israel, the LORD of Israel, the LORD of Israel, and of the LORD,
38: 20 And he said, "Behold, there is no god but you." Then he said to him, "Behold, I will not be afraid of you." "Oh, my lord!" "Come on!"
39: 20 And we shall not be afraid of the children of Israel, nor of the nation of Israel, but of the Lord of the World, and of the Lord of Israel.
40:20 And ye shall be ashamed, and thou shalt give up all things to him, that is, to him that is, to him, and to him, and to him shall he say: 'Let him be your son;
41: 20 Hnar֮ Ba֒ and Do֗d K֚m Ma֣tzl Hn֔gb and If֨l Laf֥io A֛rtzh and Ist֖ho Sl֣s Fam֑im and ֽisk֣o | A֣is At-ra֗ho and Ibco֙ A֣is At-ra֔ho Ad-do֖d Hgdֽil:
42: 20 I֧amr Ihont֛n Ldo֖d L֣c Lsl֑om Asr֩ Nsb֨ano Sn֜ino An֗hno Bs֤m Ihoh֙ Lam֔r Iho֞h Iֽhi֣h | Bin֣i and Bin֗c and B֥in Zra֛i and B֥in Zrac֖ Ad-aolֽm: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 21   (16 verses)‬
1:21 And he rose up, and went back to you, and they gave him a gift;
2:21 And David said unto him, Go to this one, and go down to this place, and let your brothers go down to the house of David, and he shall say unto him, Behold, thou art afraid, and thou shalt not be afraid of thy hand, nor thy soul, but thou art not with thee.
3: 21 I֨amr Do֜d Lahim֣lc Hch֗n Hmlc֮ Tzo֣ni Dbr֒ and I֣amr Al֗i A֣is Al-i֧da Ma֛omh At-hdb֛r Asr-anc֥i Slֽhc֖ and As֣r Tzoit֑c and At-hnar֣im Iod֔ati Al-mk֥om Fln֖i Almonֽi:
4:21 And when thou hast said, What is your name, that thou shalt give your hands to the bread, the bread of the bread, the bread of the bread, and the bread of the bread?
5:21 21 And this is the sign of the hand of David, and he said to them, 'Do not you have mercy on me?' "Do not be afraid of them, because you are not afraid of them, because if you are against them, you will be ashamed of them." "Do not worry, we will keep you safe from the fire, but we will not kill you."
6: 21 Ian֩ Do֨d At-hch֜n and I֣amr L֗o C֣i Am-as֤h Atzֽrh-l֙no֙ Ctm֣ol Sls֔m Btzat֕i and Ihi֥o Clֽi-hnar֖im K֑ds and Hoa֙ D֣rc H֔l and A֕f C֥i Hi֖om Ikd֥s Bcֽli:
7: 21 And they gave to him that they had given to them, that they had been destroyed, because they were not, but they were not, because they were the sons of the heat, because they were the men of the sons of the sons of the priests;
8: 21 And when a man came to the throne, he did not work; but the people of the tribe of Israel came to them, and this is the fortification of the land, and the people of the land, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
9: 21 I֤amr Dod֙ Lahim֔lc and A֛in Is-f֥h Tֽht-idc֖ Hn֣it Ao-h֑rb C֣i Gm-hrb֤i and Gm-cli֙ Lֽa-lk֣hti Bid֔i Cֽi-hi֥h Dbr-hm֖lc Nhֽotz: S.
10: 21 I֣amr Hch֗n Hrb֩ Gli֨t Hflst֜i Asr-hc֣it | Ba֣mk Hal֗h Hnh-h֞ia Lot֣h Bsmlh֮ Ahr֣i Hafod֒ Am-at֤h Tֽkh-lc֙ K֔h C֣i A֥in Ah֛rt Zolt֖h Bz֑h and I֧amr Do֛d A֥in Cm֖oh Tn֥nh Lֽi:
11: 21 And David rose up, and rebuked him, and the day of the life of the people was gone, and he went away from him, and he came to him, and he came to the God, and there was none of them.
12: 21 I֨amr֜o Abd֤i Acis֙ Al֔io Hloa-z֥h Do֖d M֣lc Ha֑rtz Hl֣oa Lz֗h Ian֤o Bmhlot֙ Lam֔r Hc֤h Saol֙ * Aleppo ** Balf֔io and Do֖d * ten thousand ** Brbbtֽio:
13: 21 And it came to pass, when David had brought forth the LORD, that he had given birth to him, and he was afraid of him, and he was afraid of him, so that he might turn away from me.
14: 21 And they brought his tacos to death in their midst, and they came to them in their hands, and they died, and they came to the house of the greatness of the children of the house, and they turned away from the river, and sent it to his hand.
15: 21 And he said unto him, Behold, the servant of the servant is his servant: behold, thou shalt see that there is no man, that he shall not be satisfied;
16: 21 And I will be glad to see you, and I will bring you to the house of the LORD, and I will bring you to the land of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 22   (23 verses)‬
1:22 22 And David went to them, and he went to them, and he went down to the west of the city of Adullam, and he heard his brothers, and all the children of his fathers came to him, and they went down to him, and they came to him, and they were destroyed.
2:22 And all the men gathered together, all the men, and all the men, and all the men of the people, and all the men of the people, and the people of Israel, and they were with them, so that they could be destroyed, and they were with them, as they were many, and they were not with them,
3:22 And David went out of the house of the tribe of Mizpeh, and he returned to Moab, and he said to them, "Do not go to Me, but I will not be afraid of you, O father of my people, and I will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
4:22 And he put them down before him, and he turned away from thee, and dwelt with him, with him, all his eyes, all the things of the Lord were in the midst of the mighty.
5:22 And the Lord said unto the prophet, Behold, I am the God of the Lord, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will bring you back to you, O LORD, and I will return to you, and I will bring you to the land of Yahweh, and I will guide you to the house of David, and I will return to you.
6: 22 and Ism֣a Sa֔ol C֚i Nod֣a Do֔d and Ans֖im As֣r At֑o and Saol֩ Ios֨b Bgba֜h Tֽht-ha֤sl Bֽrmh֙ and Hnit֣o Bid֔o and Cl-abd֖io Ntzb֥im Alֽio:
7: 22 and I֣amr Sa֗ol Lֽabdio֙ Hntzb֣im Al֔io Smao-n֖a Bn֣i Imin֑i Gm-lclc֗m It֤n Bn-isi֙ Sd֣ot and Crm֔im Lclc֣m Is֔im Sr֥i Alf֖im and Sr֥i Maֽot:
8: 22 Ci֩ Ksrt֨m Clc֜m Al֗i and Ain-gl֤h At-azni֙ Bcrt-bn֣i Am-bn-is֔i and Ain-hl֥h Mc֛m Al֖i and Gl֣h At-azn֑i C֣i Hkim֩ Bn֨i At-abd֥i Al֛i Lar֖b Ci֥om Hzֽh: S.
9:22 22 And the people of Israel went up to the house of the servant of the tribe of Saul, saying, "See, see, I saw you, the son of Jesse." Behold, behold, I will come unto thee, and unto thee, son of Ahath, and go forth.
10:22 And Saul asked him, "Behold, O son of Judah, and thou shalt be a witness, for he is a son of the LORD, and he is his son, and he is the son of the king.
11:22 And he went to the house of the king, and he went down to the house of Ahimeel, the son of Ahit, the captain of the house, and all the children of Abiath, the sons of Kohath, and the sons of the sons of Anbar, and the sons of Israel, all of them, to the king.
12:22 22 And he said, Shall we go out, that is, the son of Ahit, the son of Ahit, the son of Ahit, the son of Ahit, the son of Nehemiah, and Adonai?
13: 22 I֤amr * Those ** Alio֙ Sa֔ol L֚mh Ksrt֣m Al֔i At֖h and Bn-is֑i Bttc֨ [c] L֜o L֣hm and H֗rb and Sa֥ol Lo֙ Bֽalh֔im Lk֥om Al֛i Lar֖b Ci֥om Hzֽh: S.
14: 22 And I will take you away, and I will carry you away, and all your works will be in your hands, so that you may be worthy of your trust, and I will go down to your house, and I will go down to your house, and I will return to you in your house.
15: 22 Hi֧om Hhl֛ti * Lsaol- ** Lsal-l֥o Balh֖im Hl֣ilh L֑i Al-ism֩ Hm֨lc Babd֤o Dbr֙ Bcl-b֣it Ab֔i C֠i Lֽa-id֤a Abdc֙ Bcl-z֔at Db֥r Kt֖n A֥o Gdֽol:
16:22 And he said unto the king, Behold, thou shalt go out, and thou shalt not go down, but thou art full, and all the sons of thy fathers shall be with thee.
17: 22 I֣amr Hm֡lc Lrtzim֩ Hntzb֨im Al֜io S֥bo and Hm֣ito | Chn֣i Iho֗h C֤i Gm-idm֙ Am-do֔d and C֤i Iֽdao֙ Cֽi-br֣h H֔oa and L֥a Gl֖o At- * Balance ** Azn֑i and Lֽa-ab֞o Abd֤i Hm֙lc֙ Lsl֣h At-id֔m Lfg֖a Bchn֥i Ihoֽh: S.
18: 22 I֤amr Hm֙lc֙ * Hedwig ** Ldoa֔g S֣b At֔h and Fg֖a Bchn֑im and Is֞b * Doig ** Doa֣g Hadm֗i and Ifga-hoa֙ Bc֣hn֔im and I֣mt | Bi֣om Hh֗oa Smn֤im and Hmsh֙ A֔is Ns֖a Af֥od Bֽd:
19: 22 And the people of Nubb, the city of Hachnah, the Hananites, humbled it for the people of Hebron, and the people of Israel were there, and the people of the land went up, and they went up against the land of Israel, and there was a river and a wall of wine, and the land of the city was destroyed.
20:22 And the son of Ahad the son of Ahadam, the son of Ahath, went up to him, and bore the name of his father, and rebuked him, and rebuked him after another.
21: 22 And Haggadah the father returned to the house of David, because there was no fear, and there was no hope, but the people were like that, and the LORD was with me.
22: 22 I֨amr Do֜d Labit֗r Id֜ati Bi֤om Hhoa֙ Cֽi-sm֙ * Doig ** Doa֣g Hadm֔i Cֽi-hg֥d Ig֖id Lsa֑ol Anc֣i Sb֔ti Bcl-n֖fs B֥it Abֽic:
23:22 22 Sit thou down with me, thou shalt not be afraid; for it is not, that he that bareeth the soul of the soul, shall weep for thy soul, because thou shalt not be satisfied with the seed of the seed of thy hand.
‪xxxx  Chapter 23   (28 verses)‬
1:23 And they came to David, saying unto him, Behold, thou shalt be threescore, and they shall fight against the fire, and they shall not be put to shame;
2: 23 Isa֨l Do֤d Bֽihoh֙ Lam֔r Hal֣c and Hc֔iti Bflst֖im Ha֑lh S. I֨amr Iho֜h Al-do֗d L֚c and Hc֣it Bflst֔im and Hosat֖ At-kailֽh:
2:23 And he said unto him, I am not a man, but I am a man; behold, I am not with thee; behold, we are not with thee, but behold, behold, behold, he is afraid of him; and he shall see it;
4:23 And the king of the tribe of David went up to him, saying, "Behold, I will come to you, O son of Judah!" And he said to him, "Behold, I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
5: 23 I֣lc Dod֩ * and ** humanity and Ans֨io Kail֜h and Il֣hm Bflst֗im and Inhg֙ At-mknih֔m and I֥c Bh֖m Mc֣h Gdol֑h and I֣sa Do֔d A֖t Isb֥i Kailֽh: S.
6:23 And it came to pass, in the spirit of the father, that the son of your brothers went down to the house of David, the captain of the tribe of Ephraim, and the people of Judah were in his hand.
7:23 And it came to pass, that the voice of Saul was gone, for in the midst of it was David, the captain of the tribe of Zechariah, and he was saying that Saul had been defeated, and that God had given him strength in the hands of the people; for he had not been saved, and his heart was not with him, but in the midst of the light of death, and in the wilderness of Jericho.
8: 23 And he brought the people of all the nations into the sea, and fought against them, because they were afraid of them, but they were not afraid of the LORD, neither of them, nor of the men of his people.
9:23 23 And the knowledge of the Lord was revealed, because the people of the people were not afraid of anything else, because of the wickedness of the LORD, and he said to them, "Come down to the house of the LORD, the son of the king,
10:23 And David said, O LORD, I pray thee, O LORD, I pray thee, I pray thee, that I may hear thy servants, that I may not be blessed, and that I will bring him forth, that is, to him, to him, and to him, to him, to him, and to the people of the land.
11: 23 Hisgr֣ni Bali֩ Kail֨h Bid֜o Hir֣d Sa֗ol Cֽasr֙ Sm֣a Abd֔c Ihoh֙ Alh֣i Isra֔l Hgd-n֖a Labd֑c S. I֥amr Iho֖h Irֽd:
12: 23 And David said, "Do not be angry with me, O people!" He asked the people, "Do you know me?" And I said to him, "Oh, Lord!"
13: 23 Ikm֩ Do֨d and Ans֜io Css-ma֣ot A֗is and Itzao֙ Mkal֔h and Iֽthlc֖o Bas֣r Ithl֑co and Lsa֣ol Hg֗d Cֽi-nml֤t Dod֙ Mkail֔h and Ihd֖l Ltzֽat:
14: 23 And when the Lord dwelt in the wilderness, he was at the side of the mountains, and he returned to him in the wilderness, and in the wilderness of Zebul, and begged him, saying, Shall all the tents be destroyed, and he shall not be given to him? God is his God in his own hands.
15: 23 And the Lord saw the light of the fire, and the people of the tribe of Laban were ashamed of him, and he took his breath away from him, and dwelt in the wilderness.
16: 23 And the LORD arose, and the LORD was with him, and the son of Saul was gone, and he went to the house of David, and he took up his hand, and brought his hand to him.
17: 23 I֨amr Al֜io Al-tir֗a C֠i L֤a Tֽmtzac֙ I֚d Sa֣ol Ab֔i and Ath֙ Tml֣c Al-isra֔l and Anc֖i Aֽhih-lc֣ Lmsn֑h and Gm-sa֥ol Ab֖i Id֥a Cֽn:
18: 23 And the two of them became aware of the two years that they were in the wilderness, before the LORD, the LORD, and he was returning to the land of Israel, and the land of Israel was there, and the LORD gave it to them.
19: 23 And they went up to Zippim, saying to him, "Come, I will go down to you, and I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will return to you, and the people of Israel will be destroyed."
20:23 And when thou hast come to all your soul, it is your inheritance, that is, to the Lord, and to him, and to us that betrayeth him, and to him in the midst of the handmaiden.
21:23 And he said to them, I pray thee, thou shalt not be blessed, but ye shall not see them; and behold, they shall be filled with bread.
22: 23 To him we will not be afraid, but fear, and see it, and see it, the place of its place, and as it is, it shall be as it is, that is, it is not, that is, it is a rod;
23: 23 Ra֣o and Da֗o Mc֤l Hmֽhbaim֙ As֣r Ithb֣a S֔m and Sbt֤m Ali֙ Al-nc֔on and Hlct֖i Atc֑m and Hih֙ Am-isn֣o Ba֔rtz and Hfst֣i At֔o Bc֖l Alf֥i Ihodֽh:
24: 23 And his womb was gone, and he came to him, and turned away from him; and he turned away from him, and his people went out in the wilderness, and he went away from the wilderness, and went to the land of Arad, and he said unto them, Behold, there is no heaven;
25: 23 I֨lc Sa֣ol and Ansio֮ Lbks֒ and Ig֣do Ldo֔d and I֣rd Hs֔la and I֖sb Bmdb֣r Ma֑on and Ism֣a Sa֔ol and Ird֥f Ahrֽi-do֖d Mdb֥r Maֽon:
26: 23 I֨lc Sa֜ol Mtz֤d Hhr֙ Mz֔h and Do֧d and Ans֛io Mtz֥d Hh֖r Mz֑h and Ih֨i Do֜d Nhf֤z Ll֙ct֙ Mfn֣i Sa֔ol and Sa֣ol and Ans֗io Aֽtr֛im Al-do֥d and Al-ans֖io Ltfsֽm:
27: 23 And the king said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go down unto the moon, and go down, and behold it, that it may be broken, and it shall not be plowed, nor shall it be upon the land of the earth.
28: 23 And it was, that the people of Israel returned, and that the people of Mordecai returned to the land of Israel, so that the people of Israel, the inhabitants of the land, came to the Philistines, so that they could not be put to death, so that they would not be able to return to their land.
‪xxxx  Chapter 24   (23 verses)‬
1:24 And he went up to the house of David, because he was there, and he was sitting in the midst of the mountains, and he was in the wilderness.
2: 24 And there came to me a place where the people of Israel were gathered, and the people of the tribe of Israel were still there, and the Philistines were there, and they came to him, saying to him, 'Let there be a wall in the wilderness, and there shall be a wall in the wilderness.' "
3:24 And the king of the tribe of Shiloh, who was with him, came to him, that there was no man in the house, and he was ashamed of all Israel, and he went to thee, to bring David to the land, and to his people, to his people, to him, to the face of the children, and to the people of the land.
4:24 And they came unto Gedar, the captain of the tribe of Hadad, who was in the midst of the land of the land; and he came, and brought it to him, and he turned away from his feet, and his hands went down, and his men were in his midst, and the people of the land were still there.
5: 24 and Iamro֩ Ans֨i Do֜d Al֗io Hn֨h Hi֜om Aֽsr-am֧r LORD Al֗ic Hn֨h Anc֜i Nt֤n At- * ** Aֽibc֙ Bid֔c your enemies and As֣it L֔o Cas֖r It֣b Bain֑ic and I֣km Do֗d and Icr֛t At-cnֽf-hma֥il Asr-lsa֖ol Blֽt:
6: 24 And I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
7:24 And he said to the man, "Behold, I will not be afraid of you, but I will go to the house of the Lord, and this is the land of the LORD, and I will return to you, and I will not be ashamed of you."
8: 24 And Moses made his people go astray in the wilderness, but they were not given to them, but they were not given to them, and they were not led away, and they were taken away from the wilderness, and the land of you was in the wilderness.
9: 24 and I֨km Do֜d Ahri-c֗n and Itza֙ oil-* * ** Mֽhmar֔h cave and Ikr֧a Aֽhri-sa֛ol Lam֖r Adn֣i Hm֑lc and Ib֤t Saol֙ Aֽhr֔io and Ik֨d Do֥d Af֛im A֖rtzh and Istֽho: S.
10:24 And David said unto David, Behold, thou shalt not go astray: but thou shalt speak the word of the LORD: for they are not worthy, but the LORD is the LORD, and he is the LORD, and he is the one who has blessed thee, the evil of thy neighbor.
11: 24 Hnh֩ Hi֨om Hz֜h Ra֣o Ain֗ic A֣t Asr-ntnc֩ Iho֨h | Hi֤om | Bidi֙ Bmar֔h and Am֥r Lhrgc֖ and T֣hs Al֑ic and Am֗r La-asl֤h Idi֙ Bֽadn֔i Ci-ms֥ih Iho֖h Hֽoa:
12: 24 Ab֣i Ra֔h G֗m Ra֛h At-cn֥f Mailc֖ Bid֑i C֡i Bcrti֩ At-cn֨f Maֽilc֜ and L֣a Hrgt֗ic D֤a and Rah֙ Ci֩ A֨in Bid֜i Ra֤h and F֙sa֙ and La-ht֣ati L֔c and At֛h Tzd֥h At-nfs֖i Lkhtֽh:
13: 24 Yea, the LORD shall be ashamed, Behold, I will be between you, and I will be with you, and I will be with thee, O LORD, and I will be with thee, and I will come to thee, and I will not be with thee.
14: 24 And as for the LORD, he is the one of the wicked, the wicked, the wicked, the wicked, the wicked, the wicked, and the children;
15: 24 And after that, I have gone out of your way, and I have sent thee into the land of Israel, yet another, yet, I have come to you, Lord of the earth, even though I have not yet taken possession of it, yet I will not be able to return to it.
16: 24 And Jehovah was the LORD, the Lord of my children. 17 And he was a judge of the tribe of Israel, and he was between you, and there was a multitude of people, and he rebuked the multitude, and the tribe of Israel came out of Meidach.
17: 24 And he said, "Behold, there is no god but God, and the Lord is the LORD, and he is the one, and he is the one, and he is the one who is with you." And he said to him, "Behold, I will come to you."
18: 24 And he said unto him, I pray thee, O Lord, I have come unto thee, thou shalt not go down;
19: 24 And you, and you, the Haggadah, are the nations of the world, which have done so well, yet I am glad to see you, that I may be worthy of you, that I may be worthy of you, O LORD, for you are in your hands, and this is not my anger.
20:24 And the men of the tribe of Israel were with him, and they took him away, and sent him away, because of thy kindness, and they were glad, and he was pleased with you, so that he might be able to return to you, so that he might return to the house of the LORD, and this is what he has done.
21: 24 And now, behold, I am with thee, my hand, my fear; for I am full of melancholy, and thou shalt not murmure, and I will be silent, and behold, I will follow thee, and thou shalt not go down to the house of Israel.
22: 24 And when she was afraid of her, she gave birth to him, and she came to him, and she married him, and she cut off the young woman. Then she said to him, "Are you afraid of me?" "Do not be afraid of me."
23: 24 And David went back to the house of Saul, and Saul went to Saul, to the house of his father, and David went on, and the people of his tribe went up against him, even though they were not in possession of the land.
‪xxxx  Chapter 25   (44 verses)‬
And all the children of Israel were gathered together, and they gathered together for him, and they buried him in the house of his house, and he rose up in the midst of it, and he rose up from the house of David, and he rebelled against the house of Mordecai, the son of Pharah.
2: 25 And there was a man in the midst of the dungeon, and he that did him in the vineyard, and the man, even Gadol, and his wife, and his wife, and the children of the tribe of Elad, and the children of Elazar, and the children of Azzam, and Jehoazu, in Gazan, and his son, in the vineyard.
3: 25 And their men, the men, were born, and their wives were married, and their wives were married, and their wives, the children of Israel, and the women of the tribe of Israel, and the women of the tribe of Israel, and the inhabitants of the tribe of Zechariah, and the inhabitants of Mesopotamia, and the inhabitants of the land.
4:25 And David went up to David, saying, "Surely, G-gazz!" He said, "We will bring forth his flock."
5: 25 And David, the son of David, rose up to him, saying, "The children of Neraim, and the people of the land of Israel, were born to the children of Israel, and the people of Israel were like them, and the people of the land of Israel came to them, and they came to them, and they asked them not to enter into the wilderness.
6: 25 And you said unto them, Behold, thou shalt go to me: and thou shalt be peace; and thy house shall be the one of them, and they shall go, and it shall be that which is theirs that is theirs.
7: 25 and At֣h Sm֔ati C֥i Gzz֖im L֑c At֗h Hra֤im Asr-lc֙ Hi֣o Am֔no L֣a Hclmn֗om and Lֽa-nfk֤d Lhm֙ Ma֔omh Cl-im֖i Hiot֥m Bcrmֽl:
8: 25 Sa֨l At-nar֜ic and Ig֣ido L֗c and Imtza֨o Hnar֥im Hn֙ Bain֔ic Cֽi-al-i֥om T֖ob B֑no Tnh-n֗a At֩ As֨r Tmtz֤a Iֽdc֙ Labd֔ic and Lbnc֖ Ldoֽd:
9: 25 And the sons of the sons of Ner, the sons of David, spoke to him, and spoke to them, as in the word of the LORD, saying, "Behold, they are in their own way, and they are not."
10: 25 And Naaman took the servant away from David, and he said to him, "Behold, David is a son of the son of Jesse. Today is the day that the servants of the LORD are worshiped.
11: 25 And I took my bread with my hand, and I gave it to me, and I gave it to him, and I gave it to him, and he gave it to me, and he gave it to me, and he gave it to me, and I gave it to the LORD, and he gave it to me.
12: 25 And the children of Nerai, the sons of David, turned to them, and turned away from him, and turned away from him, and begged him, and made him go down, as though he were speaking to the LORD, saying, I will bring you up.
13: 25 Iamr֩ Do֨d Lans֜io Hgr֣o | A֣is At-hrb֗o and ֽihgro֙ A֣is At-hrb֔o and Ihg֥r Gm-do֖d At-hrb֑o and ֽial֣o | Ahr֣i Do֗d Carb֤a Maot֙ A֔is and Mat֖im Isb֥o Al-hclֽim:
14: 25 And Abigail said, "Behold, I have taken a vengeance, and I will bring it to you, and I will bring it to you." The LORD said, "Behold, I sent forth the commandment of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Savior, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior, and the Lord."
15: 25 And these are the men who are not good, they are not, they are not of the people, and they are not all, but they are not, and they are not the people of the nation, nor are they any more than any other nation. Therefore, behold, we have made you a covenant with them, because they have been in our land.
16: 25 And he said, Behold, they are exceedingly high; so are they not even with them, so that they may be with us, even if they are evil.
17: 25 And when I saw this, I saw it, and I saw it, and I saw it, and it came to me, and it was not the house of the LORD, nor unto all the sons of his house. And it came to pass, that the son of Baalaih went up from Mebarbar to Elijah.
18: 25 Tmh֣r * Abogil ** Abig֡il and Tkh֩ Mat֨im L֜hm and Sn֣im Nbli-i֗in and Hm֨s Tz֤an * Asoot ** Asoit֙ [k] and Hm֤s Saim֙ Kl֔i and Ma֥h Tzmk֖im and Mat֣im Dbl֑im and T֖sm Al-hhmrֽim:
19: 25 And he said to Neraih, "Behold, I will pass over to you before me." Behold, I will bring you back to you, and I will bring you to the land.
20: 25 And he, behold, he is the LORD, who is in the house of the king of Israel, and he is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD.
21: 25 And David went on, saying, "But I will not give you the name of the LORD, but I will give you all the money."
22:25 Thus saith the LORD God, Behold, I will not be afraid of him, but he shall be afraid of him, and he shall be afraid of all things that are with him, even though they are colder than they are in wine.
23: 25 And the father of Abigail saw him, and brought him to the house of David, and he rose up, and turned away from the heat of the heat, and poured it out to the oven, and it went down on it, and on its face, and it brought it to the ground.
24: 25 And he fell on his feet, and he said, "Behold, I am with you, O Lord!" And he said, "Behold, I am speaking with you, and I will speak with you in your ear, and I will hear you, saying, 'Speak, speak, I am your mother.'"
25: 25 Al-n֣a Is֣im Adn֣i | At-lb֡o Al-ais֩ Hbli֨al Hz֜h Al-nb֗l C֤i Csmo֙ Cn-h֔oa Nb֣l Sm֔o and Nbl֖h Am֑o and ֽani֙ Am֣tc֔ L֥a Ra֛iti At-nar֥i Adn֖i As֥r Slֽht:
26: 25 At֣h Adn֗i Hi-iho֤h and Hֽi-nfsc֙ As֨r Mnac֤ Ihoh֙ Mb֣oa Bdm֔im and Hos֥a Idc֖ L֑c and At֗h Iֽhi֤o Cnbl֙ Aib֔ic and Hֽmbks֥im Al-adn֖i Raֽh:
27: 25 And when the LORD said to you, Behold, this is what you have done, which is your heart, and your forgiveness is not for us, nor for us, nor for us, nor for our children, for they are not in the midst of your anger.
28: 25 And I will not be afraid of you, because I am your servant, because I have done it, and I have done it. Jehovah, O LORD, have gone to Israel, because you have not been circumcised, because the LORD is the LORD, the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is your God.
29: 25 I֤km Adm֙ Lrdfc֔ and Lbk֖s At-nfs֑c and ֽhith֩ N֨fs Adn֜i Tzror֣h | Btzr֣or Hhi֗im A֚t LORD Alh֔ic and A֨t N֤fs Aib֙ic֙ Ikla֔nh Bt֖oc C֥f Hkֽla:
30: 25 And he gave it to me, because it was done to me, O Jehovah, that is, to the Lord, and to me, to the Lord, and to the Lord, to which I have given up thy goodness, and to thy power, and to thy glory, to the anger of the children of Israel.
31: 25 And behold, thou shalt not give it unto me; and it shall be unto thee, that thou mayest be blessed; and I will not give unto thee; and I will bring thee into the house of the LORD, and I will bring thee into the house of the LORD.
32: 25 And David said to David, "Behold, the Lord is your God, O God, O God, O Israel, and I will send you to the land of Israel, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
33: 25 And he said, Thou shalt not tame thy way, and blessed thee, thou shalt not be ashamed: for I am full of all this, and this is what is in it, and it is in me that is in the blood, and the man that is in it,
34: 25 Aol֗m Hi-ihoh֙ Alh֣i Isra֔l As֣r Mna֔ni Mhr֖a At֑c C֣i | Lol֣i Mh֗rt * and Tbati ** and Tbat֙ Lkrat֔i C֣i Am-not֧r Lnb֛l Ad-a֥or Hb֖kr Mst֥in Bkֽir:
35: 25 And David took a rod from the hand of the LORD, saying, "I am the woman of the tribe of Israel, who is his wife, and her mother. Amen." "Go up to me, peace be upon you, and I will see you. My name is my father, and I will see you, and I will bring you up to you, and I will kill you."
36: 25 Tb֣a Abig֣il | Al-nb֡l and Hnh-lo֩ Mst֨h Bbit֜o Cmst֣h Hm֗lc and L֤b Nbl֙ T֣ob Al֔io and H֥oa Sc֖r Ad-ma֑d and Lֽa-hg֣idh L֗o Db֥r Kt֛n and Gd֖ol Ad-a֥or Hbֽkr:
37: 25 And there was a son in the house of Korczak, beseeching the children of the tribe of Anbar, and worshiping him, because thou hast raised the children of the LORD, and he hath brought him to him, and he hath given his heart to him in the midst of his greatness, and behold, he is not the son of Laban.
38: 25 And he came to me, as he did to the children of the sea, and turned away from the LORD, and he brought the son of Israel to the ground, and he died.
39: 25 Ism֣a Dod֮ C֣i M֣t Nbl֒ and I֡amr Br֣oc Iho֡h As֣r Rb֩ At-r֨ib Hrft֜i Mi֣d Nb֗l and At-abdo֙ Hs֣c Mֽra֔h and At֙ Ra֣t Nb֔l Hs֥ib Iho֖h Bras֑o and Isl֤h Dod֙ and Idb֣r Babig֔il Lkht֥h L֖o Lasֽh:
40: 25 And Job came to him, and worshiped him, and said unto him, O Abigail, cometh unto the Lord, and speaketh unto me, O God, I pray thee, O LORD, I am the son of David, and I will send thee unto thee, and I will take thee, and I will bring thee to his throne.
41: 25 And you shall rise up, and you shall be ashamed of the people of the land, and I will be pleased with you, and I will say: Behold, I am your servant, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
42: 25 And thou shalt give up, and thou shalt raise up the abyss; and it shall come to pass, and it shall be in the midst of the fire, and it shall be five cubits, and it shall be the breadth of it, and it shall come to pass.
43: 25 And Ahijah, the son of David, the captain of the tribe of Zechariah, who was with him, and they were there, and they were not with him.
Num 44: 25 And Saul got up, and gave him his daughter, the daughter of his daughter, the wife of David, and the daughter of Laban, the son of Levi.
‪xxxx  Chapter 26   (25 verses)‬
1:26 And the children of Zippim came to him, saying unto them, Behold, I am not satisfied with this thing, but this is the commandment of the Lord, the Lord of the heavens, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
2:26 26 And he rose up, and rose up, and went to the house of Mebarbar, and Zephiah, and his wife, that was six thousand years old, that there was a man in the midst of them, that they might be raised, that he might consume his blood in the wilderness.
3:26 And he was the son of Saul, who was in the midst of the house of the wise man; he was as the captain of the tribe of David, the captain of the tribe of David, and the son of David, who was in the midst of the wilderness, and was afraid of him, because he was there, and the people were still there;
4: 26 And David was afraid of the wrath of the LORD, and he knew that when the people were gone, they went to the house of Nakhon.
5: 26 and I֣km Do֗d and Iba֮ Aֽl-hmkom֮ As֣r Hnh-s֣m Saol֒ and I֣ra Do֗d At-hmkom֙ As֣r Sֽcb-s֣m Sa֔ol and Abn֥r Bn-n֖r Sr-tzba֑o and Saol֙ Sc֣b Bmag֔l and Ha֖m Hn֥im * ** Sbibtֽio: environment
6: 26 and I֨an Do֜d and I֣amr | Al-ahim֣lc Hht֗i and Al-abis֨i Bn-tzroi֜h Ah֤i Ioab֙ Lam֔r Mֽi-ir֥d At֛i Al-sa֖ol Al-hֽmhn֑h and I֣amr Abis֔i An֖i Ar֥d Amֽc:
7: 26 and Iba֩ Do֨d and Abis֥i | Al-ham֮ Lilh֒ and Hn֣h Sa֗ol Sc֤b Isn֙ Bmag֔l and Hnit֥o Maocֽh-ba֖rtz * The head of ** Mrast֑io and Abn֣r and Ha֔m Scb֖im * ** Sbibtֽio: environment S.
8: 26 And my father said unto me, Come unto me, O God, glorify thy God, and he shall not destroy thy enemies, but in thy hand, and in thy hand shall I come, and we shall not be in the camp, and come in the way of the land of Pharam, and there shall be no man, nor his wife, nor his wife.
9: 26 And David said unto David, Abishah, I pray thee, thou shalt not be ashamed of him: for he is not worthy of his hand, but his hand is in the midst of the sword of the LORD, the LORD, and of the wicked.
10:26 And David said unto him, Behold, the life of the LORD, O God, is it, that if the LORD be with him, he shall be mighty, and he shall be filled with his strength: for he shall come to him, and he shall come to him, and he shall come to him in the war, and he shall be afraid;
11: 26 And he gave him strength to the Lord, and he was with him, and he was in the house of Yahweh, and he was with him, and the LORD was with him, and he took away his wife, and he took away his wife, and his wife, and his wife, and his wife, and the children of the children.
12: 26 Ikh֩ Do֨d Aֽt-hhn֜it and At-tzf֤ht Hm֙im֙ Mrast֣i Sa֔ol and Ilc֖o Lh֑m and A֣in Rah֩ and A֨in Iod֜a and A֣in Mk֗itz C֤i Clm֙ Isn֔im C֚i Trdm֣t Iho֔h Nfl֖h Alihֽm:
13: 26 And Abed rose up, and he turned away from the house, and went up against the head of the house, and he rose up from the river, and the mountains were empty, and the mountains were still there.
14: 26 And Korah came to David, the son of Hatham, and to Abner, son of Ner, the son of Ammon, the son of Ner, the son of Ner, the son of Ner, the son of Ner, the son of Ner, the son of Ner, the son of Ner;
15: 26 Iamr֩ Do֨d Al-abn֜r Hloa-a֣is At֗h and M֤i Cm֙oc֙ Bisra֔l and L֙mh֙ L֣a Sm֔rt Al-adn֖ic Hm֑lc Ci-ba֙ Ah֣d Ha֔m Lhsh֖it At-hm֥lc Adnֽic:
16: 26 La-t֞ob Hdb֣r Hzh֮ As֣r Asit֒ Hi-iho֗h C֤i Bni-m֙ot֙ At֔m As֧r Lֽa-smrt֛m Al-adnic֖m Al-ms֣ih Iho֑h and At֣h | Ra֗h Aֽi-hn֥it Hm֛lc and At-tzf֥ht Hm֖im As֥r * The head of ** Mrastֽio:
17: 26 And the angel of Saul asked him, saying, Shall I go to the house of David, that is, I will say unto thee, Thou shalt not go, O son of the LORD, O son of David, O son of David, saying unto him, Lord of the heavens, I am the Lord, Lord of the worlds.
18: 26 And he said unto him, Lord, Lord, be merciful to me, O Lord, be merciful to me, and be merciful unto me, O servant of mine;
19: 26 At֗h Iֽsmֽa-na֙ Adn֣i Hm֔lc A֖t Dbr֣i Abd֑o Am-iho֞h Hsֽitc֥ Bi֙ Ir֣h Mnh֔h and A֣m | Bn֣i Had֗m Aror֥im Hm֙ Lfn֣i Iho֔h Cֽi-grs֣oni Hi֗om Mhstf֜h Bnhl֤t Ihoh֙ Lam֔r L֥c Ab֖d Alh֥im Ahrֽim:
20: 26 And when the LORD came to me, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Father, the Father, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe.
21: 26 Iamr֩ Sa֨ol Ht֜ati S֣ob Bnֽi-do֗d C֠i Lֽa-ar֤a Lc֙ A֔od T֠ht As֨r Ikr֥h Nfs֛i Bain֖ic Hi֣om Hz֑h Hn֥h Hsc֛lti and Asg֖h Hrb֥h Maֽd:
22: 26 And David went up to him, and he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt be the spear: behold, thou shalt go out of the house, and go forth, and bring down the children of the flock, and they shall take it.
23: 26 And behold, it is the name of the LORD, the Lord of the righteous, the man of justice, and of his faithfulness, that is, that he hath given thee the grace of the Lord. [C] Jehovah, the Lord, is the day of my life, and I will return to you, and I will not be able to bear witness to you, because I am with you in the midst of the LORD.
24: 26 And behold, it is as a great man, that is great, that is your soul, that is, that which is in the eyes of the eyes of the children, so that the people of the world shall be ashamed of me, because my soul is in the eyes of the LORD, O LORD, and I will be saved from all evil.
25: 26 And the Lord said, Shall I go to the house of David, and I will bring you to the land of the land, and I will bring you to the land of the land, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
‪xxxx  Chapter 27   (12 verses)‬
1: 27 and I֤amr Dod֙ Al-lb֔o At֛h Asf֥h Iom-ah֖d Bid-sa֑ol Aֽin-l֨i T֜ob C֣i Hml֥t Aml֣t | Al-a֣rtz Flst֗im and Noa֨s Mm֤ni Saol֙ Lbks֤ni Aod֙ Bcl-gb֣ol Isra֔l and Nmltt֖i Midֽo:
2: 27 And David rose up, and went up, and went down, and saw six hundred cubits, and there was no man, but his people were not with him, because there was a son of Amah, a man of the tribe of Mido.
3: 27 and Isb֩ Do֨d Am-ac֥is Bg֛t H֥oa and Ans֖io A֣is and Bit֑o Dod֙ and St֣i Ns֔io Ahin֙am֙ Hizraal֔it and Abig֥il Aֽst-nb֖l Hֽcrmlֽit:
4: 27 And it came to pass, that the voice of the LORD be upon him, that he was with him, and that he was with him, and that he was with him.
5: 27 and I֨amr Do֜d Al-ac֗is Am-na֩ Mtz֨ati H֤n Bain֙ic֙ Itno-l֣i Mk֗om Bah֛t Ar֥i Hsd֖h and A֣sbh S֑m and L֨mh Is֧b Abdc֛ Ba֥ir Hmmlc֖h Amֽc:
6: 27 And he gave it to him, so that there was a man, that he had given birth to them, and that he had taken away the spoil, and he had given it to them;
7: 27 And there was a hundred years of the day of the day, when the people of Israel were destroyed, and the people of the land of Israel were destroyed, and the land of Israel was destroyed, and the land of Judah was destroyed.
8: 27 and I֤al Dod֙ and ֽans֔io and ֽifst֛o Al-hgsor֥i * and ** and Hgzr֖i Jersey and Hamlk֑i C֣i H֜nh Isb֤ot Ha֙rtz֙ As֣r Mֽaol֔m Boac֥ S֖orh and Ad-a֥rtz Mtzrֽim:
9: 27 And David made the land of the land, and it came to pass, that it liveth, but there was a man, and his wife, and he took it, and they took it, and they came to the camp, and they rose up, and camouflaged it, and went to Gad, and it came to pass, and it came to pass, and he returned, and brought it to El-Akish.
10:27 And he said unto them, Is it not for them, that thou shalt give them bread? And the LORD said unto them, We will not go down against the house of Yahweh, neither shall we go up against the wind of the wind, nor unto the wall of the valley.
11: 27 A֨is and As֜h Lֽa-ihi֣h Do֗d Lhb֥ia Gt֙ Lam֔r Fn-ig֥do Al֖ino Lam֑r Cֽh-as֤h Dod֙ and C֣h Msft֔o Cl-h֨im֔im As֥r Is֖b Bsd֥h Flstֽim:
12: 27 And he believed that there was a sword in the hand of the LORD, that the man had given up the man with his people in the house of Israel, and that he had given it to him, and that he had not returned to the land of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 28   (25 verses)‬
1: 28 and ֽihi֙ Bim֣im Hh֔m and Ikbtz֨o Flst֤im At-mֽhnihm֙ Ltzb֔a Lhlh֖m Bisra֑l and I֤amr Acis֙ Al-do֔d Id֣a Td֗a C֤i Ati֙ Ttz֣a Bֽmhn֔h At֖h and Ansֽic:
2: 28 And David said to David, "Come, I will go to you, and I will go back to you, and I will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
And all the children of Israel were gathered together, and they gathered him together, and he was with him, and he was in his city, and he was in the midst of his cities, and he went astray, and he went astray, and he took away the ships, and the Jordanites, from the land of the land.
4: 28 And they gathered him, and flattened him, and they came, and dwelt therein, and in their captivity, and he gathered the rod of Saul, and brought all the men of Israel into the midst of it, and they were put to rest in their midst.
5: 28 And he saw that Saul had taken him out of the camp, and that he had gone astray, and he was afraid, and he was afraid of his heart;
6: 28 And Saul asked him, saying, Behold, they have come to him, and they are not with him, but they have taken him away, and they are not in their tents, but they have been brought forth;
7: 28 I֨amr Sa֜ol Labd֗io Bkso-li֙ A֣st Balt-a֔ob and Alc֥h Al֖ih and Adrsh-b֑h and Iamr֤o Abdio֙ Al֔io Hn֛h A֥st Bֽalt-a֖ob Ba֥in Dֽor:
8: 28 and Ithf֣s Sa֗ol and Ilbs֙ Bgd֣im Ahr֔im and I֣lc H֗oa and Sn֤i Ansim֙ Am֔o and Ib֥ao Al-has֖h L֑ilh and I֗amr * Ksomi- ** Kֽsmi-n֥a [y] Li֙ Ba֔ob and H֣ali L֔i A֥t Asr-am֖r Alֽic:
9: 28 T֨amr Hֽas֜h Al֗io Hn֨h At֤h Id֙at֙ A֣t Asr-as֣h Sa֔ol As֥r Hcr֛it At-hab֥ot and At-hidan֖i Mn-ha֑rtz and Lm֥h At֛h Mtnk֥s Bnfs֖i Lhmitֽni:
10: 28 And there was a certain number of people in the tribe of Baֽ֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֔֔֔֔ ב ב ֽֽֽ֖֖֖֖ ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל ל לֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺ֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖ ֺֽֽֽ֖ הַ הַ הַֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺ֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖ קֺֽ֖ הַ הַֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺֺ֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖֖
11: 28 And Moses said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go, but thou shalt not go, and I will not lift up thy name;
12: 28 And I saw the woman, who brought the name of Shemuel to him, and came to Zack, and begged him to go down, and said, 'Is this woman, to God, that I may be circumcised?' Why are you not angry with me, and I am with you?
13: 28 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go, but thou shalt not be afraid: for it is not, that is, seeing it, seeing it, and saying, Behold, I pray thee, thou shalt not go astray, O God, yet I am not seen, and my things are not exceeding that of the earth.
14: 28 And he said unto her, I will go to the house, and I will give it to thee, and it shall be given to him: for there is a man, a man of old, and a great man, and a great man, a great man, and a great man, and a great man; and a great man, and a great man;
15: 28 I֤amr Smoal֙ Al-sa֔ol L֥mh Hrgzt֖ni Lhal֣ot At֑i and I֣amr S֠aol Tzr-l֨i Ma֜d and Flst֣im | Nlhm֣im B֗i and ֽalh֞im S֤r Mֽali֙ and Lֽa-an֣ni A֗od G֤m Biֽd-hnbiam֙ Gm-b֣hlm֔ot and Akra֣h Lc֔ Lhodia֖ni M֥h Aasֽh: S.
16: 28 And he said, "I will be glad, and I will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you."
17: 28 And the Lord hath made it to him, that he may be as he is, but he is not in thy hands, and he hath vomited the LORD: and he hath brought the kingdom of God out of thy hand, and thou hast given it to thy neighbor, even unto David.
18: 28 As for the LORD, behold, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
19: 28 And ye shall be with me, yea, they shall bring the people of Israel with you into the hand of the Philistines, and they shall be ashamed of you; and your sons shall be with you; yet they shall bring them out of the camp, and they shall bring them forth; yea, the LORD shall dwell in the hands of the Philistines.
20: 28 Imh֣r Sa֗ol and If֤l Mla-kֽomto֙ A֔rtzh and Ir֥a Ma֖d Mdbr֣i Smoa֑l Gm-c֙h֙ La-h֣ih B֔o C֣i L֤a Acl֙ L֔hm Cl-hi֖om and Cl-hlֽilh:
21: 28 Tb֤oa Hֽash֙ Al-sa֔ol and T֖ra Ci-nbh֣l Ma֑d and T֣amr Al֗io Hn֨h Sma֤h Sfhֽtc֙ Bkol֔c and As֤im Nfsi֙ Bcf֔i and ֽasma֙ At-dbr֔ic As֥r Db֖rt Alֽi:
22: 28 And it came to pass, that the people of Israel were with you, and that the people of Israel were with you, and the people of Israel were on your side, and they were with you, and they were with you, and they were in your hands, because they were like you, because you were in a state of trouble.
23: 28 And he said, "Behold, I will say to you, Lo! I will not be consumed, and his servants will serve him, and the people will be with him, and the people will come to them, and they will return to them, and they will return to their land, and they will return to their land, and they will return to their land."
24: 28 And the woman of the tribe of Aarab-Marbek, who was born in the house of the LORD, gave birth to him, and sacrificed him, and took him away, and took away her bread, and went out to eat him, and put him to death.
25: 28 And he made a mockery of his face; and he turned away from him; and he turned away from him, and his servant went to him, and did his work, and he watered his way; and he came to him, and came to him.
‪xxxx  Chapter 29   (11 verses)‬
1: 29 And the Pharisees gathered together all the tents of all their tents, but they were burned, and the men of Israel were burned, and they were not in the midst of wine, but as for the seed of the seed of gold.
2: 29 And they gave him bread, and he gave them bread, and they came to him, and they came to him, and to David, and to Adam, and to him, and to him, and to the people of Baַar֖n,
3: 29 Iֽamro֙ Sr֣i Flst֔im M֖h Habr֣im Ha֑lh and I֨amr Ac֜is Al-sr֣i Flst֗im Hlֽoa-z֨h Do֜d A֣bd | Sa֣ol Mֽlc-isra֗l As֨r Hi֤h Ati֙ Z֤h Imim֙ Ao-z֣h Sn֔im and Lֽa-mtz֤ati Bo֙ Ma֔omh Mi֥om Nfl֖o Ad-hi֥om Hzֽh: P.
4: 29 Iktzf֨o Al֜io Sr֣i Flst֗im and I֣amro Lo֩ Sr֨i Flst֜im Hs֣b At-ha֗is and Isb֙ Al-mkomo֙ As֣r Hfkdt֣o S֔m and Lֽa-ir֤d Am֙no֙ Bmlhm֔h and La-iֽhih-l֥no Lst֖n Bmlhm֑h and Bm֗h Itrtz֥h Zh֙ Al-adn֔io Hl֕oa Bras֖i Hans֥im Hhֽm:
5: 29 The Lord, behold, the Lord is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Father, the Lord, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, the Father, and the Father.
6: 29 and Ikr֨a Ac֜is Al-do֗d and I֣amr A֠lio Hi-iho֞h Ci-is֣r At֗h and T֣ob B֠aini Tzatc֨ [c] and Bac֤ Ati֙ Bֽmhn֔h C֠i Lֽa-mtz֤atֽi Bc֙ Ra֔h Mi֛om Bac֥ Al֖i Ad-hi֣om Hz֑h and Bain֥i Hsrn֖im Lֽa-t֥ob Aֽth:
7: 29 And when thou hast done it, and thou shalt go in the flesh of the wicked, and do not do it, thou shalt do it, and see it in the eyes of the wicked.
8: 29 and I֨amr Do֜d Al-ac֗is C֣i M֤h As֙iti֙ and Mh-mtz֣at Babdc֔ Miom֙ As֣r Hi֣iti Lfn֔ic A֖d Hi֣om Hz֑h C֣i L֤a Aboa֙ and Nlh֔mti Baib֖i Adn֥i Hmֽlc:
9: 29 and I֣an Acis֮ and I֣amr Al-dod֒ Id֕ati C֣i T֥ob At֛h Bain֖i Cmla֣c Alh֑im A֣c Sr֤i Flstim֙ Aֽmr֔o Lֽa-ial֥h Am֖no Bmlhmֽh:
10: 29 And when the darkness of the darkness was upon them, I saw the cold, and I worshiped you, and I gave you strength, which was with you, and with you, and with you, and with you, and with them, and with your heart, and with your hands, and with your hands.
11: 29 And their Lord, the Lord, gave him the commandment, and his men were there, so that the son of the son of the son of Korach was not able to return to the land of the land of Pharisees, and the Pharisees were destroyed, and the land of Jezreel was destroyed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 30   (31 verses)‬
1: 30 and Ih֞i Bb֨a Do֧d and Ans֛io Tzֽkl֖g Bi֣om Hslis֑i and Amlk֣i Fֽst֗o Al-n֙gb֙ and Al-tz֣kl֔g and Ico֙ At-tz֣kl֔g and Isrf֥o At֖h Baֽs:
2: 30 And he returned the women, which were in their midst, and they were not in their hands;
3: 30 And David came to him, and his men were not with him, but they were burned, and they were burned in their hands, and their wives were there, and their children were in them, and their sons were there, and they returned to them.
4: 30 And there was no god but the Lord, and the people that were with them, and whose people were with them, and they made you weep, because when they were not there, they were not able to weep.
5: 30 And they were married, the women of the tribe of David were captivated, and the people of Israel were there, and the children of Israel were still there, and Abigail was coming, and the women of Nabal were coming to Jerusalem.
6: 30 And he was besieged by David, saying, "Behold, the people of Israel have been put to death, so that the people of Israel have been destroyed, because the people of Israel have been destroyed, because they are not the people of the land, but the people of the land of Israel are on their own." His son, son of Israel, and his son, his sons, and his family, and his family, his father and his family.
7: 30 And David said unto David, Behold, the son of Ahimelech, the son of Gilead, the wife of the son of Israel, is not the son of Ephraim; and Haggath the father of the father of the son of David went up to the house of David.
8: 30 And David, the son of David, went up to him, and went to the house of Amor, and reigned in the midst of the greatness of the land, and he rejoice: for he hath made him angry, and he hath said unto him, Lord of the world, thou shalt not be satisfied.
9: 30 And he led you to the house of the Lord, and the people of the land, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel;
10: 30 And the Lord went down with the sword of the LORD, and the four hundred men, and the men of the men, and the men of Amadu, there was no man, yet there was no man;
11: 30 And when the man of Israel came out, he brought him to Israel, and he took him, and brought him to the house of David, and he gave him bread, and he gave him bread, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to him.
12: 30 Itno-lo֩ F֨lh Dbl֜h and Sn֤i Tzmkim֙ and I֔acl and T֥sb Roh֖o Al֑io C֠i Lֽa-a֤cl L֙hm֙ and La-s֣th M֔im Sls֥h Im֖im and Sls֥h Lilֽot: S.
13: 30 I֨amr L֤o Dod֙ Lֽmi-a֔th and A֥i Mz֖h A֑th and I֜amr N֧ar Mtzr֣i An֗ci A֚bd La֣is Amֽlk֔i and Iazb֧ni Adn֛i C֥i Hl֖iti Hi֥om Slsֽh:
14: 30 We have no power, but we have given up the heat of the earth, and it is upon us that we shall not be ashamed, nor shall we be afraid of the heat of the earth, nor of the flesh, nor of the flesh, nor of the flesh;
15: 30 I֤amr Alio֙ Do֔d Htord֖ni Al-hgd֣od Hz֑h and I֡amr Hsbah֩ L֨i Bֽalh֜im Am-tmit֗ni and Am-tsgr֙ni֙ Bid-adn֔i and Aorֽdc֖ Al-hgd֥od Hzֽh:
16: 30 I֣rd֔ho and Hn֥h Nts֖im Al-fn֣i Cl-ha֑rtz Acl֤im and Stim֙ and H֣gg֔im Bcl֙ Hsl֣l Hgd֔ol As֥r Lkh֛o Ma֥rtz Flst֖im and Ma֥rtz Ihodֽh:
17: 30 Ic֥m Do֛d Mhn֥sf and Ad-ha֖rb Lmֽhrt֑m and Lֽa-nml֤t Mhm֙ A֔is Ci֩ Am-arb֨a Ma֧ot Aֽis-n֛ar Asr-rcb֥o Al-hgml֖im and Inֽso:
18: 30 And David gave birth to all the women of the land, and he took him to work, and the servants of his servants, his men, and his children, and the children of David.
19: 30 And the children of the children of the children of the children of Israel went out of the house of the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and all the people of Israel.
20: 30 And the LORD took away all the children, and the father-in-law came to him, and he came before him, and he begged him, and said unto him, Behold, behold, I will say unto thee, Behold, thou shalt go down unto David.
21: 30 Ib֣a Do֗d Al-mat֨im Hans֜im Asֽr-fgr֣o | Ml֣ct | Ahr֣i Do֗d and Iֽsibm֙ Bn֣hl Hbs֔or and Iֽtzao֙ Lkr֣at Do֔d and Lkr֖at Ha֣m Asr-at֑o and Ig֤s Dod֙ At-ha֔m and Isa֥l Lh֖m Lslֽom: S.
22: 30 I֜an Cl-aֽis-r֣a and Bli֗al Mֽhansim֮ As֣r Hlc֣o Am-dod֒ and Iamr֗o I֚an As֣r Lֽa-hlc֣o Am֔i Lֽa-nt֣n Lh֔m Mhsl֖l As֣r Htz֑lno Cֽi-am-a֤is At-asto֙ and At-bn֔io and Inhg֖o and Ilֽco: S.
23: 30 And Moses said to him, "Do not be angry with me, for you are the sons of Israel." The LORD said to him, "Behold, we will be with you, and we will be with you, and we will be with you."
24: 30 And whosoever shall be ashamed of them, shall they be given to the Lord, the Lord of the Worlds, and the Lord of the Most High, the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the Universe, and the Lord of the Universe, and of the Lord of the Worlds,
25: 30 And there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and a pillar was laid on it, and there was a wall, and a wall, and a wall, and a wall, and a wall.
26: 30 And the son of David went up to the house of David, and he returned to the house of the LORD, and he returned to the land of Zachan, the LORD, to him, and to the LORD, and to him,
27: 30 For he that dwelleth in the midst of the children of Israel, and for the wife of the son of Israel, was born in the land of Israel, and the land of Israel was in Galilee.
28: 30 And to Asher the son of Ara'ar, and to Asherah, in the tribe of Simeon, and to Esher, in Eshetam.
29: 30 And for the woman of the land of Israel, and of the land of Israel, which is in the land of the mountains, the LORD hath mercy on me, and the land of Israel is in the land of the valley.
30:30 And to Asher, in the midst of the mountains, and unto Esher, in the morning of Esau, and unto Esau, the gate of thy gate is yours.
31: 30 And he went down into the midst of the wilderness, and came to the house of all the men of the land, and the people of the house of the LORD were with them.
‪xxxx  Chapter 31   (13 verses)‬
1: 31 And the Philistines were destroyed; they were in Israel, and they were defeated, and the people of Israel were lost; and the people of Israel were afraid of them, and the Philistines were there, and they were destroyed, and the people of Galilee were not in the house of the mighty ones.
2: 31 And he clothed his face, and brought his son, and his sons, and slew him, and set off the LORD, and brought the children of Abbaad, and Malchai, the children of Simeon, to the place of Saul.
3: 31 And the battle of the war went on, and it came to pass, and they found it, and they found it, and they rebelled against it, and the people of the land were there, and the people were afraid of them, and they were afraid of them.
4: 31 I֣amr Saol֩ Lns֨a Cl֜io Sl֥f Hrbc֣ | and Dkr֣ni B֗h Fn-i֠boao Harl֨im Ha֤lh and Dkr֙ni֙ and Htallo-b֔i and L֤a Abh֙ Ns֣a Cl֔io C֥i Ir֖a Ma֑d and Ik֤h Saol֙ At-hh֔rb and If֖l Alֽih:
5:31 And he saw all the men of all his captivity, so that he might not be circumcised, and he went down to the house of his sword with his sword, and he came to his house with him.
6:31 And it came to pass, when Saul was six years old, that his sons were born, and that all the men were lost, and all their men were full of them, because they were in their midst, and they were not afraid.
7: 31 Ira֣o Ansֽi-i֠sral Asr-ba֨br Ha֜mk and As֣r | Ba֣br Hird֗n Cֽi-n֙so֙ Ans֣i Isra֔l and Ci-m֖to Sa֣ol and Bn֑io and Iazb֤o At-hֽarim֙ and In֔so and Ib֣ao Flst֔im and Iֽsb֖o Bhֽn: S.
8: 31 And there was a hundred forty-nine hundred and forty-seven. And the sons of the Philistines were afraid, and they were afraid of the wickedness, and they were afraid, and they were afraid of Saul, and they slew the women of his sons, and they destroyed him in the midst of the gallows.
9:31 And his son, his wife, saw him, and brought him to his house, and brought him to the house of the king, and he sent him away, in the land of Philistine, and the captives returned to the house of Bashar, the sons of Asabiah, and them, and the Adhamites.
10: 31 And when Moses was with him, he took all his possessions, and he went out to him, and made him go down, and his bodies were broken, and he was still in the midst of them;
11: 31 And he listened to him, saying, "Behold, I will return to you, and I will return to the land of Gilboa, and I will return to you, and I will go to the land of Israel."
12: 31 Ik֜omo Cl-a֣is Hil֮ and Ilc֣o Cl-hlilh֒ and Ikh֞o At-goi֣t Sa֗ol and At֙ Goi֣t Bn֔io Mhom֖t B֣it S֑n and Ib֣ao Ib֔sh and Isrf֥o At֖m Sֽm:
13:31 And they took their hands away from them, and gathered them together, and they were afraid of the young men, because they were afraid of them, and they were thirsty for them, which was seven days long.
‪xxxx    End of 1 Samuel (31 chapters, 811 verses).
