‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.45. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    2 Samuel (24 chapters, 695 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (27 verses)‬
1: 1 And there came to me a list of the men of the tribe of Saul, and Saul, and David, the captain of the tribe of Amah, blessed the workers of the land, and the captivity of the LORD returned to them in the wilderness, and they returned to the sea, and they were there.
2: 1 and Ih֣i | Bi֣om Hslis֗i and Hnh֩ A֨is B֤a Mn-hֽmhnh֙ Ma֣m Sa֔ol and Bgd֣io Kra֔im and Adm֖h Al-ras֑o and Ihi֙ Bba֣o Al-do֔d and If֥l A֖rtzh and Istֽho:
3: 1 And the Lord said unto him, Behold, I am the Lord of the worlds, and I am the Lord of the worlds, and of the people of Israel, and of the people of Israel.
4: 1 and I֨amr Al֥io Do֛d Mh-hi֥h Hdb֖r Hgd-n֣a L֑i and ֠iamr Asr-n֨s Ha֜m Mn-hmlhm֗h and Gm-hrb֞h Nf֤l Mn-ham֙ and Im֔to and G֗m Sa֛ol and Ihont֥n Bn֖o Mֽto:
5: 1 And the Lord said unto him, We will not go down to the Maggid, but to him your hands shall be turned away: for I am afraid of you, for there is no hope;
6: 1 and I֜amr Hn֣ar | Hmg֣id L֗o Nkr֤a Nkr֙iti֙ Bh֣r Hglb֔a and Hn֥h Sa֖ol Nsa֣n Al-hnit֑o and Hn֥h Hr֛cb and Bal֥i Hfrs֖im Hdbkֽho:
7: 1 And the son of another came after him, and he saw me, and came to him, and said unto him, Behold, I am not worthy.
8: 1 And he said unto him, Behold, I am with thee, and he said: And he said unto him, Behold, I will not make thee king;
9: 1 And he said unto them, Behold, I am a witness, and I am not exceeding my strength: for I have not taken possession of me, because I am not afraid, I am the one who rejoice in the sorrows, for all things are great.
10: 1 and Aam֤d Alio֙ and Am֣tt֔ho C֣i Id֔ati C֛i L֥a Iֽhi֖h Ahr֣i Nfl֑o and Ak֞h Hn֣zr | As֣r Al-ras֗o and Atzadh֙ As֣r Al-zra֔o and Abia֥m Al-adn֖i Hֽnh:
11: 1 And David was in his garment, in his glory, and he was angry with them, and all the men were with them, and they were not with him.
12: 1 And they shall be destroyed, and they shall bring it to them, and they shall bring them down against the people, because they are against the people, and against the LORD, because they are in their midst, and against their children, the LORD is the LORD, and upon the children of Israel shall be brought forth, because they shall not fall upon the house of the LORD.
13: 1 And the Lord said unto him, We will not go down to the house of the Maggid, but to him shall I come, O son of Abraham, and the son of Abraham, the son of Adam, the son of Gilead, the Amalekites;
14: 1 And the Lord said unto him, Behold, thy Lord is not thy God; he is not afraid; but he is not a man; he is his servant, and he is the servant of the LORD.
15: 1 And he called to David, and to David, to Moses, to the son of Na'ar, and to him, and to him, saying, Goes up, go down to his house, and he will bring him down, and he will die.
16: 1 And the Lord said unto him, I pray thee, O Lord, I pray thee, O LORD thy God, that I may give thee strength, and I will give thee strength: for I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength.
17: 1 And they set their hands on the rod, and this is what they brought upon the people of Saul, and against the LORD, they were in their midst.
18: 1 And he said, Lalam, son of Judah, son of Jehudah, was there a woman who was with her, and she was like a writer, because she was against the sword of the threshing-floor.
19: 1 Thou shalt bring my people into the house of your children, and I will make thee into thee: for thy hands are not great, and they are mighty.
20: 1 Do not let him go, but he will not be with him in the midst of the fire, but his wife shall not be ashamed of him, nor shall she be ashamed of him, nor of the children of Israel, nor of the children of Israel, nor of the children of Israel.
21: 1 Behold, I am in the midst of the greatness of the earth, and I will not bring them down; for they have gone astray, and they have been destroyed; for they have been saved; they have been saved; they are mighty; they are mighty;
22: 1 But they were not afraid, but they were not afraid; they were mighty, but they were not, but they were not, and they were not. They were not; they were not men, and they were all men of wrath, and there was a great multitude among them; for they were not empty; they were empty empty.
23: 1 Behold, they have been circumcised, and they have been appointed, for they have been loved and hated, and the people have lived in their lives, and in their hearts, they have not been broken, and they have been redeemed from the evil of the wicked, and they have been cursed from their enemies.
24: 1 The sons of Israel, the children of Israel; the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of the Levites, the Levites, the Levites, the Canaanites, the Canaanites, the Canaanites, the Canaanites, the Canaanite, the Canaanite, the Canaanite, the Canaanite, the Canaanite, the Canaanite, the Canaanite, the Canaanite, the Canaanite.
25: 1 Behold, your hands are great; and they are mighty; ye are the children of the children of Israel, and they are the children of the children of Israel.
26: 1 I beseech thee, O thy soul, my brethren: yea, thou art vain; for it is not pleasant; for thou hast given it unto me, and I have gone astray; thou shalt not love me;
27: 1 But your hands have fallen down, and they have multiplied, and have lost them, and they have been destroyed all over.
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (32 verses)‬
1: 2 and Ih֣i Aֽhri-c֗n and Isal֩ Do֨d Bֽiho֤h | Lamr֙ Haal֗h Baht֙ Ar֣i Ihod֔h and I֧amr Iho֛h Al֖io Al֑h and I֧amr Do֛d A֥nh Aal֖h and I֥amr Hbrֽnh:
2: 2 And there went up there the name of the Lord, and they were three men: they were three men; and they were two men; and they were three men; and the children of the tribe of Zechariah were among them; and Abigail said, 'Is it not the women of Nabal, that is the vineyard?'
3: 2 And the man was with him, who was with him: for he rose up, and dwelt, and there was no man, and his daughter was born; and he dwelt among him in the wilderness;
4: 2 and Ib֙ao֙ Ans֣i Ihod֔h and Imsho-s֧m At-do֛d Lm֖lc Al-b֣it Ihod֑h and Ig֤do Ldod֙ Lam֔r Ansi֙ Ib֣is Gla֔d As֥r Kbr֖o At-saֽol: S.
5: 2 and Isl֤h Dod֙ Mlac֔im Al-ans֖i Ib֣is Gla֑d and I֣amr Alih֗m Brc֤im Atm֙ Lֽiho֔h As֨r Asit֜m Hh֣sd Hz֗h Am-adֽnicm֙ Am-sa֔ol and ֽtkbr֖o Atֽo:
6: 2 And when the people of Israel came to them, they made a covenant with them, and with them, they came to the land, and the people of the land, and I gave them to them, so that I might give them to you, that I might give them the gift of the LORD, even if I did not do that. As for the people of Israel, I did not do anything.
7: 2 And it came to pass, that there was a thorn in them, and they were in the hands of the children of Hahl: for the children of the children of Israel were with them, for they were not in the house of the children of Judah, but they were in the house of Yahweh;
8: 2 And Abner the son of Ner, the son of Zerba, the son of Asher, did not go up against Saul, because he was the son of Saul, because he was the son of Saul's son, and his people went away from him.
9: 2 And he brought him to the house of Gilead, and to the Ashura, and to the Jezreel Valley, and to Ephrath, to them, and to the sons of Benjamin, and to the children of Israel, all of them,
10: 2 The son of Arba'e, who was the son of Levi, the wife of the son of Shiloh, who was in his kingdom, over the children of Israel; and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, not because of thee, but because of thee, Yahweh, behold, there was another man after him, that is, David.
11: 2 And there was a time for the day of the seventh day, which was a month of mourning for the people of Israel, because of the commandment of the son of the son of Jehoahud, the son of David, because of the seven hundred years that were destroyed, and the sixth of which was the month of Cheshvan.
12: 2 And Abner the son of Ner; and Abed, the son of Ishmael, the wife of the son of Shiloh, went out of the house of Amahnon;
13: 2 and Ioa֨b Bn-tzroi֜h and Abd֤i Dod֙ Iֽtza֔o and ֽifgs֛om Al-brc֥t Gba֖on Ihd֑o and I֨sb֜o A֤lh Al-hbrch֙ Mz֔h and A֥lh Al-hbrc֖h Mzֽh:
14: 2 And Abner said unto him, Behold, Joab, the son of Jacob, shall be gone, and the children shall be gone, and the children shall not be ashamed, and they shall be ashamed of them. And the LORD said unto them,
15: 2 And they went up to him, and went to the house of the children of Mesopotamia, saying, Two sons, that did not enter into the children, and that the son of Levi was not married, because he was the son of Saul, and the people of the tribe of Asad were worshipers of the tribe of David.
16: 2 And there was a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, a man, and a man.
17: 2 And the LORD said unto him, Behold, it is not hard, but it is a witness, but it is a witness, and this is the voice of the sons of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel;
18: 2 And it came to pass, that the people of Israel were three hundred, and the sons of Zeruiah, Jehoab, and Abishah, were there. And he did as he had done, and he did as he had done, and he went into the land of the land, and the people of Kedah, the son of Zechabai, the son of Eshel, the son of Bashad,
19: 2 And he went down to the house of Esau, saying, "Behold, I am a son of the son of Israel, and I will not go to the land of Israel, but I will not let you down on the right hand, and I will go down to the house of the king from behind."
20: 2 And the son of the son of Anbar returned to him after his death, and he said to him, "Behold, I am the son of Abraham." He said, "Do as I have done."
21: 2 and I֧amr L֣o Abn֗r Nt֤h Lc֙ Al-imֽinc֙ A֣o Al-smal֔c and Ah֣z Lc֗ Ahd֙ Mֽhnar֔im and Kh-lc֖ At-hltzt֑o and Lֽa-ab֣h Asha֔l Ls֖or Mahrֽio:
22: 2 And the son of David went up, and said unto him, I pray thee, I pray thee, thou shalt not return unto thee, that is, I am not worthy of thee, but I am not worthy of thee, nor of thy neighbor, nor of thy neighbor, nor of thy neighbor, nor of thy neighbor.
23: 2 and Ima֣n Ls֗or and Ic֣ho Abnr֩ Bahr֨i Hhn֜it Al-hh֗ms and Ttz֤a Hֽhnit֙ Mahr֔io and Ifl-s֖m and I֣mt * Lower ** Tht֑io and Ih֡i Cl-hb֣a Aֽl-hmkom֩ Asr-n֨fl S֧m Asha֛l and Im֖t and ֽiamֽdo:
24: 2 וֽיֽרּֽרְּד֛פ֛ווּו יו֥א֥ב וב וֲבַי֖ש֖א֖ה אחח֣ר֣ב֣ב֖א֖ה אחארר֣ב֣י֣ה אַבננ֑ב֑ר ור וַש֣֣משׁש בב֔הָהה ו֗ה֗מהמ בה ב֚א֚א֚או ע-ב- גבב֣ע֣מ֣ה אַמ֔א֚הו אדב- גבב֣ע֣מ֔ה אַמ֔א֔ה אדם אלב-ּב-י- ג֔י֔ין ד֖ר-ב מִּמ מִבַב֥ר גב֥ר גב גבבֽעֽהןן:ן גן א גבּֽבּֽהןן א גבּֽר גב֥ה א֥ב֥ר גב֥ה א גבֽב֥ה א דבֽבֽה אלבֽבֽה אדבֽבֽה אדם אדב-בֽה אדבגבֽה אדם אדב-בֽה אלב-בֽה אלם אדב-ּבעבֽה אלב-בֽה אלב-בֽה אלם אלב-ּבעב֥ה אלב-בֽה אלם אלב-ּבֽב֥ה אלם אלב-ּבֽב֥ה אלב-בֽה אלבֽבֽה אלם אֶב-ּל גב֥ה אלבֽבֽה אלבֽבֽה אלבֽבֽה אלבֽבֽה אלבֽבֽה אלבֽבֽה אלבֽבֽה אלבֽב֥ה א גל גמןב֥ה א֥בּֽר גב֥ה א֥בֽב֥ה א֥ב֥ר גב֥ה רךבֽוןה:ן.
25: 2 And the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel were gathered together, and after that, the sons of the sons of Israel were gathered together, and they were gathered together to gather together the other men, and they came to the house of the chief of the tribe of Gabaa, their brethren.
26: 2 and Ikr֨a Abn֜r Al-ioa֗b and I֙amr֙ Hln֙tzh֙ T֣acl H֔rb Hl֣oa Id֔ath Cֽi-mr֥h Thi֖h Bahron֑h and Ad-mti֙ Lֽa-tam֣r La֔m Ls֖ob Mahr֥i Ahihֽm:
27: 2 And the LORD said unto Joab, Behold, the LORD is the God of God, for he is the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the LORD, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe.
28: 2 And Joab loved him, and in Bashupar, and he took him away, all the men of the land, and they did not go down into the land, but they rose up after them, and the people of Israel went up, and they did not go out, and they came to them, and they came to them.
29: 2 And Avnar, and his men, and his men, were they, and they went to him, saying, "Behold, I pray thee, I pray thee, this is the day of the LORD, and I will bring the people of the land into captivity, and all the sons of the children shall be destroyed, and they shall be brought to the camp."
30: 2 And Joab returned from the tribe of Machan, yet Abner returned, and he gathered all the men of the valley, and he went down to them, saying, "Behold, the servant of the Lord is the servant of the people of Israel."
31: 2 And the servants of David, the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel, were in the midst of the children, and the sons of Israel were three hundred years old, and six hundred years old;
32: 2 And they took up the house of Esau, and he went up to him, and he was buried in the house of Abo, and in the tribe of Abar, the land of Asher, the son of Levi, the son of Hacham, and the son of Levi, all of them, and all the children of Israel, all of them, and all the sons of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the Levites;
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (39 verses)‬
1: 3 And thou shalt have mercy on the LORD, and upon him the LORD hath given it to him, and he hath given it unto him, that is, to him, and to him, to him, to him, to him, to him, to him, to him, to him, to him, to him;
2: 3 And his son, and he gave birth unto him, to David, and to him, and to him in the midst of the wilderness, and they were in his grave, and Amnon was with them for the brother of the Israelites.
3: 3 And Moses brought him to the house of Abigail, and he returned to the house of Abigail. [C] The woman of Nabal, the son of the king of Israel, and of the tribe of Judah, the father of the children of Israel, the daughter of Thamel, the son of Gilead, of the tribe of Judah.
4: 3 And the four hundred men, Adoni, the son of Haggai, and the Hamishiah, were the judges of the son of Abithel.
5: 3 And the sixth shall be afraid of them, but they shall not return to the gate; but the wife of David shall be born to him, and he shall be born to David in the midst of the wilderness.
6: 3 And it came to pass, in the midst of the LORD, that there was a king, that there was no son; and that there was no son; and there was no son; and there was no son; and he was born, and he was born, and there was no son, and there was no son;
7: 3 And it was not, but the people of Philosophe, and the people of the land, the people of Israel, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land.
8: 3 and Ihr֩ Labn֨r Ma֜d Al-dbr֣i Aֽis-b֗st and I֙amr֙ Hr֨as C֥lb An֘ci֮ As֣r Lֽihodh֒ Hi֨om Aֽash-h֜sd Am-b֣it | Sa֣ol Ab֗ic Al-ahio֙ and Al-m֣ra֔ho and L֥a Hmtzit֖c Bid-do֑d and Tfk֥d Al֛i Aoֺ֥n Has֖h Hiֽom:
9: 3 Thus did Jehovah make a covenant with God, and he gave him strength, and he gave him strength, and he gave him strength, and he gave him strength, so that he might return to the LORD, and he would return to the house of Yahweh, and he would return to David, so that he would be able to enter into his land.
10: 3 And he went to the house of the king, the king of the king, saying, "Behold, thou shalt not go down, and bring up the land of Israel, even unto the children of Israel, even unto the house of Yahweh, even though it is in the midst of the earth."
11: 3 And it came to pass, that the son of David was afraid to bring the son of the son to death, and he was afraid of his fear;
12: 3 and Islh֩ Abn֨r Mlac֧im | Al-do֛d * Lower ** Tht֥io Lam֖r Lmi-a֑rtz Lam֗r Crt֤h Brֽitc֙ At֔i and Hnh֙ Id֣i Am֔c Lhs֥b Al֖ic At-cl-israֽl:
13: 3 and I֣amr T֔ob An֕i Acr֥t Atc֖ Br֑it A֣c Db֣r Ah֡d Anci֩ Sa֨l Matc֤ Lamr֙ La-tra֣h At-fn֔i C֣i | Am-lfn֣i Hbiac֗ A֚t Mic֣l Bt-sa֔ol Bbac֖ Lra֥ot At-fnֽi: S.
14: 3 And David, the son of David, came to the wife of the son of Shiloh, saying unto him, Thou art my wife, that thou shalt give up my hand, that which thou hast done, that thou hast given to me, whether it be in the midst of her, that thou shalt be afraid of the flocks of thine eyes.
15: 3 And he sent it, and there was a sword, and the woman took it, and took it away from them, because they were not there, because they were not afraid of them, but they were not sons.
16: 3 And he led thee, saying, Behold, a man is a man, that is, his son, and his son, after him, after him, before him, and after the burning of the mountains, and he said unto them, Behold, the children of the sons of Israel shall not be blessed;
17: 3 And Abner said, Behold, thou shalt be with the people of Israel, saying unto them, Thou shalt not say unto them, Thou shalt not be satisfied with them: but thou shalt bring them unto the LORD thy God;
18: 3 And they did as they did, because the LORD was with me, and he went down to David, and he was not in the house of David, but was the servant of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and of all their enemies.
19: 3 and Idb֥r Gm-abn֖r Bazn֣i Bnim֑in and I֣lc Gm-abn֗r Ldb֞r Bazn֤i Dod֙ Bhbr֔on A֤t Cl-asr-tob֙ Bain֣i Isra֔l and Bain֖i Cl-b֥it Bnimֽn:
20: 3 And Abba the son of the son of David went up to him, and he broke up with him, and his men were ten men, and he became a servant of the LORD, and the men of the flock, and the men of Israel, that he had given his wife.
21: 3 and I֣amr Abn֣r Al-do֡d Ak֣omh | and ֽal֡ch and Akbtzh֩ Al-adn֨i Hm֜lc At-cl-isra֗l and Icrt֤o Atc֙ Br֔it and M֣lct֔ Bc֥l Asr-tao֖h Nfs֑c and Isl֥h Do֛d At-abn֖r and I֥lc Bslֽom:
22: 3 And there was a servant, a servant, a servant of the LORD, and a father, a servant of the people, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel.
23: 3 And it came to pass, and all the people that were with him, that they were not with him, and that they were with him, and they brought them to Jacob, saying, Behold, the son of Ner, son of Ner, goeth down unto him, and goeth to him, and sendeth him away, and thy inheritance shall be in them.
24: 3 And Jacob loved him, and he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt do it, and behold, thou art a son, and thou shalt not give it unto thee: for what is it that hath sent him away, and hath come unto thee?
25: 3 Thou shalt see the son of Nunar, son of Ner; for he hath taken thee away from thee, and behold, thou shalt bring out thy kingdom, and thou shalt bring forth thy wealth, and thou shalt bring it forth, and bring it forth unto all things, but thou shalt not see it.
26: 3 And he gave up the desire of the people of Israel, so that it was not for them, but the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, and the Lord.
27: 3 And the son of Abner returned to Hebron, and he turned to him, and turned him away, and he turned to him, and said unto him, Thou shalt go down to the house, that thou shalt see him in the midst of my captivity, and he put him there by the name of the threshing-floor, and they were there in the midst of them, and he did his work with his brethren.
28: 3 And David went up to David, saying, "Behold, I am the son of Nezer." And he said, "Behold, I will be with you, and I will be destroyed!" "What is the meaning of the word of the LORD, O people of Israel?"
29: 3 And Jehu, peace be upon him, came to the house of Sarad, the son of Jacob, and all the sons of his father were with him, and they were not numbered.
30: 3 And Job loved him, and Abishah; yet his brother, and his father, gave him up to the father of the children, because Esau had killed his wife, and her brothers were in the midst of them, and they were not in the house of the king.
31: 3 and Iamr֩ Do֨d Al-ioa֜b and Al-cl-ha֣m Asr-at֗o Kra֤o Bgdicm֙ and Hgr֣o Sk֔im and Sfd֖o Lfn֣i Abn֑r and Hm֣lc Do֔d Hl֖c Ahr֥i Hmtֽh:
32: 3 And he buried the son of the son of Aaron in the midst of the wilderness, and he took away the land.
33: 3 And they went up to the son of Anbar, and he said unto them, Behold, the children of Nabal, the son of the daughter of Abner.
34: 3 Behold, your hands are not with me, nor are your sorrows, nor your feet, but your hands; they are not, nor are they ashamed; for they have turned away from you;
35: 3 and Ib֣a Cl-ha֗m Lhbr֧ot At-do֛d L֖hm Ba֣od Hi֑om and Isb֨a Do֜d Lam֗r C֣h Iash-l֤i Alhim֙ and C֣h Is֔if C֣i Am-lfn֧i Bֽoa-hs֛ms Atam-l֖hm A֥o Cl-maֽomh:
36: 3 And all the men of the world were burned, and they were brought to death in the midst of them, but as they were, I did not do anything.
37: 3 And he knew all the people of Israel, and all the children of Israel, saying, Behold, this is not a covenant; but it is not; it is not a covenant, but it is a commandment; it is for you to execute Avnazar son of Ner.
38: 3 And he said, "What is your servant?" He said to him, "Behold, I will not know you, because I will be ashamed of you, and I will go up against you, and I will go to the house of the Israelites."
39: 3 And I will be with you, and I will be pleased with you, and the men will be with you, my son, my children; my troubles are no more, but they are hard.
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (12 verses)‬
1: 4 And Abba the son of Shiloh begotten, because he was not a son of a son, because he was rebellious, and his hands were turned away, and all his children were afraid of him.
2: 4 And Sn֣i Ans֣im Srֽi-gdod֣im Hi֪o Bn-sa֟ol Sm֩ Hah֨d Bֽan֜h and S֧m Hsn֣i Rc֗b Bn֛i Rm֥on Hbaֽrt֖i Mbn֣i Bnim֑n C֚i Gm-bar֔ot Ths֖b Al-bnimֽn:
3: 4 And the sons of the sons of Judah came forth, and the children of Gatham were destroyed, and they were there, because they had grown up in the land of the LORD.
4: 4 and Lihֽontn֙ Bn-sa֔ol B֖n Nc֣h Rgl֑im Bn-hm֣s Sn֣im Hi֡h Bb֣a Smat֩ Sa֨ol and Ihֽont֜n Mֽizra֗al and Tsa֤ho Aֽmnto֙ and Tn֔s and Ih֞i Bhfz֥h Ln֛os and If֥l and Ifs֖h and Sm֥o Mfibֽst:
5: 4 And the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of Ramah, the sons of the sons of Ba'ath, the sons of Rikbaab, and the sons of Israel, and the sons of Israel, and the sons of the sons of Israel, and the sons of Israel, were married to them, and the children of Israel were married to them, and there was no god but them, and there was no god but them.
6: 4 And behold, the people of Ba֜ עo ע ע--֤֤֤֤ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ הַ֙֙֙֙֙֙ ֙֙֙֙֙֙ ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח ח֖֖֖֖֖ א א א֑֑֑֖֖ א א ו֑֑ ​​ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו ו֥֥֥ א א֖֖ נ נ נֽֽֽֽֽֽֽ:::::::::::::::::::::::: נ נ נּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּּ א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א א֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥
7: 4 and Ib֣ao Hb֗it and Hֽoa-sc֤b Al-mtto֙ Bhd֣r Mscb֔o and Ic֙ho֙ and Imt֔ho and Is֖iro At-ras֑o and Ikho֙ At-ras֔o and Iֽlc֛o D֥rc Harb֖h Cl-hlֽilh:
8: 4 and ֠ibao At-r֨as Aֽis-b֥st Al-dod֮ Hbron֒ and Iֽamro֙ Al-hm֔lc Hnֽh-r֣as Aֽis-b֗st Bn-saol֙ Aֽibc֔ As֥r Bk֖s At-nfs֑c and It֣n I֠hoh Lֽadn֨i Hm֤lc Nkmot֙ Hi֣om Hz֔h Msa֖ol and Mzraֽo: S.
9: 4 And Dan, the son of David, rebuked Rebekah, and his sons, and his sons, the sons of the sons of Israel, the sons of the sons of Israel, and the children of Israel, saying, Behold, the life of the LORD is upon you, that I have taken away Nephasah from all the land of Israel.
10: 4 When the Maggid came to him, he said, "Behold, there is no god but him." And he said, "Behold, I will not be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you."
11: 4 But the people of Israel, the people of Persia, have been angry with him, and they have not taken the king out of the house of the LORD, but the people of the house of the LORD are in their midst.
12: 4 and Itzo֩ Do֨d At-hnar֜im and Ihrg֗om and ֽiktztz֤o At-idihm֙ and At-rglih֔m and Itl֥o Al-hbrc֖h Bhbr֑on and A֨t R֤as Aֽis-b֙st֙ Lk֔ho and Ikbr֥o Bkֽbr-abn֖r Bhbrֽon: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 5   (25 verses)‬
1: 5 And all the captives came to him, and brought them to the house of David, and he spoke to him, saying, Behold, I am saying unto you, Loose thy bones, and thy flesh shall be upon thee, and let us not enter.
2: 5 Gm-atm֣ol Gm-sls֗om Bhi֨ot Sa֥ol M֙lc֙ Al֔ino At֗h * was * ** Hi֛it out Hmotz֥ia * and ** ** Bambi and Hmb֖ia At-isra֑l and I֨amr Iho֜h Lc֗ At֨h Tra֤h At-ami֙ At-isra֔l and At֛h Thi֥h Lng֖id Al-israֽl:
3: 5 and ֠ibao Cl-zkn֨i Isra֤l Al-hm֙lc֙ Hbr֔onh and Icr֣t Lhm֩ Hm֨lc Do֥d Br֛it Bhbr֖on Lfn֣i Iho֑h and Imsh֧o At-do֛d Lm֖lc Al-israֽl: P.
4: 5 The son of Shush, the son of David, who was in the midst of the kingdom, was four hundred years old;
5: 5 In Hebron there is no god but thee, for the LORD is the one that hath committed the wickedness of the children of Israel, and the sixth of them is the new one, and they are not in charge of their inheritance: for they are three hundred and thirty-three; they are all the children of Israel, and Jehovah is their God.
6: 5 and I֨lc Hm֤lc and ֽansio֙ Ir֣osl֔m Al-hibs֖i Ios֣b Ha֑rtz and I֨amr Ldo֤d Lamr֙ La-tb֣oa H֔nh C֣i Am-hsֽirc֗ Haor֤im and Hfshim֙ Lam֔r Lֽa-ib֥oa Do֖d Hֽnh:
7: 5 And David went up to the house of the tribe of Mizdath, and Ziyad, the son of Zidon,
8: 5 and I֨amr Do֜d Bi֣om Hh֗oa Cl-mc֤h Ibsi֙ and Ig֣a Btzn֔or and At-hfshim֙ and At-h֣aor֔im * hated ** Sna֖i N֣fs Do֑d Al-cn֙ Iֽamr֔o Ao֣r and Fs֔h L֥a Ib֖oa Al-hbֽit:
9: 5 And David returned to the house of David, and he called to him, and saw the fire of David, and the son of David came to him, so that he was able to come out of the house of the LORD, and he was there.
10: 5 And the voice of the LORD came upon thee, and the greatness of the children of Israel, and the LORD was the God of Israel, and the people of the tribe of Israel were with him.
11: 5 And they shall be sent to the LORD, and they shall be given to the LORD, and they shall be given to the children of Israel, and they shall come to the land of Israel, and the land of the land of Israel, and the land of the land of Israel.
12: 5 And David knew, that the LORD had given him his right hand: for he had given thee power over the children of Israel, and that he had not taken away his kingdom, because he was in the midst of the people of the land, and his people were there.
13: 5 And he took the commandment of David, the son of David, and of the women of Meron, and of the tribe of Saul, and of them, after that, he came, and he came to him, and he came out of the house of the children of Hebron, and they brought him to his house. [N] [p].
14: 5 And the sons of the children of the children of Israel were born to him, and they were born in Yerushalayim, because they were gone, and they returned, and they returned, and they came to them, and they returned to her.
15: 5 And Jezreel and Elisha were afraid, and they were turned away, and they were afraid.
16: 5 And Elijah went out, and came to Eda, and Eliph, and Gilbert.
17: 5 and Isma֣o Flst֗im Ci-msh֨o At-do֤d Lm֙lc֙ Al-isra֔l and Ial֥o Cl-flst֖im Lbk֣s At-do֑d and Ism֣a Do֔d and I֖rd Al-hmtzodֽh:
18: 5 And they were ashamed of him, and they were ashamed of him, but they were not satisfied with the things of the Lord.
19: 5 and Isa֨l Do֤d Bֽihoh֙ Lam֔r Haֽalh֙ Al-flst֔im Httn֖m Bid֑i and I֨amr Iho֤h Al-dod֙ Al֔h Cֽi-nt֥n At֛n At-hflst֖im Bidֽc:
20: 5 and Ib֨a Do֥d Bbֽal-frtzim֮ and Ic֣m S֣m Dod֒ and I֕amr Fr֨tz Iho֧h At-aib֛i Lfn֖i Cf֣rtz M֑im Al-c֗n Kr֛a Sֽm-hmk֥om Hh֖oa B֥al Frtzֽim:
21: 5 And they left their servants, and they took up their hands, and the men of the tribe of Judah were killed.
22: 5 And they cast their hands on the thorns of the thorns, and they turned away from them, and they were not ashamed of themselves, because they were unclean.
23: 5 And David went up to him, saying, Behold, he is a son, and he is saying: Lo, thou shalt not go astray: thou shalt bring back unto me the children of Israel, and they shall be destroyed, and they shall not be brought to them, but they shall not be in the midst of them.
24: 5 And you shall be in your hearing, so that the people of the land shall go forth, and the people of the flock shall go forth, in the head of the LORD, and the LORD shall be blessed; for there is no god but the LORD.
25: 5 And he made a dove of bread, so that it was as a wife, because the commandment of him was a commandment of Jehovah, and he gave thee the command of Pharaoh, and it was not in thy hand.
‪xxxx  Chapter 6   (23 verses)‬
1: 6 And the sword of the sword of David went forth, and all the people of Israel were burned down: for they were three, and they were not.
2: 6 and I֣km | and I֣lc Do֗d and Cl-ham֙ As֣r At֔o Mֽbal֖i Ihod֑h Lhal֣ot Ms֗m A֚t Ar֣on Halh֔im Asr-nkr֣a S֗m S֣m Iho֧h Tzba֛ot Is֥b Hcrb֖im Alֽio:
3: 6 and Irc֜bo At-ar֤on Hֽalhim֙ Al-agl֣h Hds֔h and Isa֔ho Mb֥it Abind֖b As֣r Bgba֑h and Az֣a and Ahi֗o Bni֙ Ab֣ind֔b Nhg֖im At-hagl֥h Hdsֽh:
4: 6 And they brought him up, and brought them to the house of Abidnab, but Asad, the son of Gedavah, came up to them, and they returned to the house of God, and he and his brother were there, and he returned to you before the land.
5: 6 And David, and all the children of Israel, were cast out of the house of the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the people of Israel.
6: 6 And Abo-Gathorn, a great-grandson, came up, and went up to the land of Elon, saying, "The LORD is the God, and he is the one who is in his possession, because he is the one who has brought down the commandment."
7: 6 And Jehar, the son of Joseph, was in the midst of Boaz the son of Yahweh, and his father was there, because God had made them captive to the people of the land.
6: 6 And the son of David, the son of David, went up to Esau, the son of Perez, the son of Jehoah, the son of Pharisees, the son of Boaz, the son of Pharisees, in the house of Boaz, the son of Levi, the son of Levi, the son of Levi, the son of Levi.
9: 6 And he saw that David saw the LORD, saying, "Behold, I will come to you this day, and I will say, 'I am your father, and I will return to you, and I will not see you, O Lord, O LORD!'
10: 6 And the father of the father, the son of David, turned away from the fire, and brought him to the house of Aaron, saying, O LORD, the LORD is with him, and he hath turned him down, and he hath turned away from him;
11: 6 And he dwelt among them, saying, Behold, the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the servant of the Lord, and they are the children of the world, and they are the new ones, the new ones, and the LORD your God, the LORD, and the people of Israel, and their families.
12: 6 And Ig֗d Lm֣lc Dod֮ Lamr֒ Br֣c Iho֗h At-b֨it Ab֤d Adm֙ and At-cl-asr-l֔o Bab֖or Ar֣on Halh֑im and I֣lc Do֗d and Ial֩ At-ar֨on Halh֜im Mb֨it Ab֥d Ad֛m A֥ir Do֖d Bsmhֽh:
13: 6 And he said, "Behold, I am going to go, for I am not married." Narrated by Aron, the LORD said, "Behold, I will go to Zion, and I will return to the land of Samaria, and they will be destroyed."
14: 6 And David went out of the house of Korach with all his eyes, and he turned away from me, and he turned away from me.
15: 6 And David, and all the children of Israel, rose up from above, and raised up the house of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD of the LORD, and of the tribe of Judah.
16: 6 And Hih֙ Ar֣on Iho֔h B֖a A֣ir Do֑d and Mic֨l Bt-sa֜ol Nskf֣h | Ba֣d Hhl֗on and T֨ra At-hm֤lc Dod֙ Mfz֤z and Mcrcr֙ Lfn֣i Iho֔h and T֥bz L֖o Blbֽh:
17: 6 And they brought him to the house of the LORD, and he brought him into his place, and in his place was his daughter, because he was not going down to him, but he went up to him, and went to the house of David, and he went up to him, and went before him, and the LORD was with him, and he was full of them.
18: 6 And David, the king of the children of Israel, went up against them, and they turned on the fire, and took away the land in their own way: the LORD is the LORD, the LORD of hosts.
19: 6 And Ihl֨k Lcl-ha֜m Lcl-hm֣on Isral֮ Lma֣is and Ad-ash֒ La֗is Hl֥t L֙hm֙ Ah֔t and Asf֣r Ah֔d and Asis֖h Ah֑t and I֥lc Cl-ha֖m A֥is Lbitֽo:
20: 6 And I֥sb Do֖d Lbr֣c At-bit֑o and Ttz֞a Mic֤l Bt-saol֙ Lkr֣at Do֔d and T֗amr Mh-ncb֨d Hi֜om M֣lc Isra֗l As֨r Ngl֤h Hiom֙ Lain֨i Amh֣ot Abd֔io Chgl֥ot Ngl֖ot Ah֥d Hrkֽim:
21: 6 And I֣amr Dod֮ Al-micl֒ Lfn֣i Iho֗h As֨r Bֽhr-b֤i Mֽabic֙ and Mcl-bit֔o Ltzoֺ֨t At֥i Ng֛id Al-a֥m Iho֖h Al-isra֑l and Shkt֖i Lfn֥i Ihoֽh:
22: 6 And I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you in my sight, and I will be with you, my mother, and I will be with you.
23: 6 And to Michael, the daughter of Saul, the son of Leah, the daughter of Leah, the daughter of Judah, was born into the land of Judah.
‪xxxx  Chapter 7   (29 verses)‬
1: 7 And he said, Behold, the son of Jacob is in the house, and he is in his house, and he is his son;
2: 7 And he said, "What is your name, your name is Nellan?" They said, "This is the people of Israel." They said, "I am not a man, but a man, a son, a son, a lion, a lion, a lion, a lion, a lion, and a lion.
3: 7 And he said, "I am going to go down to the house of the king, and I will go down to your heart, and your heart will not return to you."
4: 7 And behold, this is the night of the LORD, and this is the commandment of the word of the LORD, the Lord of the Lord, the son of the LORD.
5: 7 Behold, I will return to you, and I will go down to the house of Abed, and I will return to the house of David, so that the LORD, the LORD, will return to you, and you will return to me, and I will return to you, and you will return to me.
6: 7 When it came to pass, I did not give up my inheritance, but in the midst of it I came to the house of the LORD, and raised up the children of Israel, the people of Egypt, and the people of Israel, and this is the land, and this is the day of the coming of you, in the midst of them, and in your midst.
7: 7 Bc֥l Asֽr-hthlcti֮ Bcl-bn֣i Isral֒ Hdb֣r Db֗rti At-ahd֙ Sbt֣i Isra֔l As֣r Tzo֗iti Lra֛ot At-am֥i At-isra֖l Lam֑r L֛mh Lֽa-bnit֥m L֖i B֥it Arzֽim:
8: 7 And when I saw this, I said unto my servant, O LORD, I pray thee, O LORD, I say unto thee, Yea, O LORD, I beseech thee, I pray thee, I will not take thee: for thou hast taken it away from the house of the sons of the sons of Israel, and the people of the tribe of Israel, even unto the people of Israel, even against the people of Israel.
9: 7 And behold, thy people are with you in all things, and as a wife, I have not seen thee, and thou hast taken all thy heart out of thy face, and done it unto thee, that is, unto thee, that they may be saved, and that they shall be destroyed, when the greatness is done to them.
10: 7 And I will be filled with water, and I will bring it to Israel, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will not give it to you, nor will it be oppressed, nor will it be oppressed.
11: 7 And I will be with you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
12: 7 When I say, "Come on, I will come to you, and I will return to you, and I will bring you to the house of your father, and I will raise up you." The LORD said to him, "Behold, I will make you happy, and I will give you strength."
13: 7 Behold, they shall build it, and bring it to the heavens; and they shall bring it up, and they shall bring it to the ground.
14: 7 I, behold, behold, unto him, unto him, and unto him, and unto him, behold, he shall be, unto him, unto him, that which is in him, that is, he that hath been in his house, and his servants;
15: 7 And I will not be ashamed of you, but I will not be ashamed of you, but as a fire, I will not be afraid of you, but I will be ashamed of you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
16: 7 And they believed that your house was yours, and that your kingdom was upon you, but they were not before you, because before you, because your people were there, the people of the land were with you, until they were gone.
17: 7 And as for all the children of the LORD, they have given it to them, and they have given it to the children of this land, and they have given it to them.
18: 7 And the Lord came to you, and he returned to me, and he returned to me, and the LORD said, "Behold, I am with you, O LORD!" The LORD said, "Behold, I will be with you." "Behold, I will return to you, and I will be with you forever."
19: 7 And the children of the children of Israel were reduced to your own eyes, and they returned to me, O Lord, O LORD, O LORD, have mercy on you, and you shall not be ashamed of them, but you shall be the servants of your servants, and they shall be filled with Torah, and the LORD will be with you.
20: 7 And what is the commandment of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds, and the LORD, and the LORD, and the LORD, and the LORD,
21: 7 In the midst of the grave of thy Lord, thy Lord is thy strength, and thy glory is thy strength, which hath done all the greatness of the mighty, that is, that is, I will bring you forth to the LORD your servant.
22: 7 Therefore are ye great, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God, O God!
23: 7 and M֤i Camc֙ ​​Cisra֔l G֥oi Ah֖d Ba֑rtz As֣r Hlcֽo-a֠lhim Lfdֽot-l֨o La֜m and Ls֧om L֣o S֗m and Las֨ot Lc֜m Hgdol֤h and Nֽraot֙ Lartz֔c Mfn֣i Amc֗ As֨r Fd֤it Lc֙ Mmtzr֔im Goi֖m and Alhֽio:
24: 7 And you shall be counted among yourselves, and your people will be brought to you. [C] The people of Israel have come to you, even though they are still far away, and they are the people of the LORD. Jehovah is the LORD, and the LORD is their God.
25: 7 And the time came, O Jehovah, O God, the Lord is the LORD, and the Lord is the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Son of the Father, the Son of God, and the Son of the Father, and the Son of the Father, and the Son of the Father, and the Son of the Lord.
26: 7 And thy name shall be exalted before the world, even unto the LORD, saying, O LORD, I pray thee, O LORD, I pray thee, O LORD, I pray thee unto the children of Israel, and I will not serve thy servants, for I am the LORD thy God, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD of hosts.
27: 7 Cֽi-ath֩ Iho֨h Tzba֜ot Alh֣i Isra֗l Gl֜ith At-a֤zn Abdc֙ Lam֔r B֖it Abnh-l֑c Al-c֗n Mtz֤a Abdc֙ At-lb֔o Lhtfl֣l Al֔ic At-htfl֖h Hzֽat:
28: 7 And behold, O God, behold, thou art the God of the LORD, and the LORD is thy God;
29: 7 And the Holy Spirit came, and blessed you, the children of your servants, to them, and to the children of Israel, and to the children of Israel, to your face, and to you, to you, to you, to your face, to you, to the LORD, and to your Lord.
‪xxxx  Chapter 8   (18 verses)‬
1: 8 And I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will bring you to the Philistines, and they will be destroyed, and they will be destroyed, and they will be destroyed.
2: 8 and I֣c At-moa֗b and ֽimdd֤m Bh֙bl֙ Hsc֣b Aot֣m A֔rtzh and Imd֤d Snֽi-hblim֙ Lhm֔it and Ml֥a Hh֖bl Lhhi֑ot and Th֤i Moab֙ Ldo֔d Labd֖im Nsa֥i Mnhֽh:
2: 8 And David, the son of David, rebuked the son of Rechav, because of his commandment, which he had given to him, that he had given up his hand, and that he had given up his hand in the wilderness.
4: 8 and Ilc֨d Do֜d Mm֗no A֤lf and Sba-maot֙ Frs֔im and Asr֥im A֖lf A֣is Rgl֑i and Iak֤r Dod֙ At-cl-hr֔cb and Iot֥r Mm֖no M֥ah Rֽcb:
5: 8 And it came to pass, that I saw them, that I saw the breast of Lazarus, that I saw the light of the seed of thy seed, that it came to him, and that David came to you, saying, "Behold, they are nine hundred and fifty."
6: 6 And it came to pass, when the name of the LORD was brought forth, that the people of Zion were in the midst of them, even though they were young, and that the LORD had given birth to them, so that the children of Israel were not able to bear witness to them, so that the LORD had given them the inheritance of the LORD, and the LORD was the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
7: 8 And this is the commandment of the Lord, that is, the power of the rulers, that is, this is the power of the Lord, that is, the servant of the Lord, that is, the servant, the servant of the servant, the servant of the LORD, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel.
8: 8 And he said unto him, Thou shalt not bring forth the light of the earth; but the fear of the wicked, the reproach of the LORD, and the commandment of the Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Lord.
9: 8 And I will make you angry with me, and I will go down to you, because I will not be afraid, but I will go down to you all, and I will not be afraid of you.
10: 8 and Isl֣h T֣ai At-iֽorm-bn֣o Al-hmֽlc-d֠od Lsal-l֨o Lsl֜om and ֽlbrc֗o Al֩ As֨r Nlh֤m Bhdda֙zr֙ and Ic֔ho Ci-a֛is Mlhm֥ot T֖ai Hi֣h Hdda֑zr and Bid֗o Hi֛o Clֽi-c֥sf and Clֽi-zh֖b and Cl֥i Nhֽst:
11: 8 You too, are not the people of the Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, and the Son of God, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Most High, the Most High, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful.
12: 8 And they saw it, and they mourned it, and built it with it, and with it, and with the plague, and with it, and with the sword, and with the hand of the sword, and with the hand of the LORD, the son of Rahh, the son of Zechariah,
13: 8 And the servant of David went out to them, but they were still in captivity, and from there he fell, and he brought them up to them, in the midst of them, in the midst of the sea, and there was no man;
14: 8 And it was they who were in the land of Edom, who were crucified in all the nations, but they were not, and they were crucified, and they were not all, but they were servants of the LORD, and they were servants of the LORD, and the LORD was the LORD, and the LORD was the LORD, and the LORD was the LORD.
15: 8 And all the men of Israel have come to you, and they have turned away, and there is no god but David, who is doing justice to the people of Israel, and to Tzedek, to all his people.
16: 8 And Joab the son of Zeruiah came upon the tribe, and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahil, the captain of the tribe of Zechariah.
17: 8 And on the side of Zoak, son of Ahit, the son of Ahit, the son of Ahit, the son of Abiathar, all the sons of Israel, and her shepherds;
18: 8 And the sons of the children of Israel were sons of Yahweh, the children of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the children of Israel, and the children of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 9   (13 verses)‬
1: 9 And David said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be afraid; but he shall not be afraid; but he shall not be ashamed; and he shall make his people with him, and they shall be put to shame in the midst of the fire, and the LORD shall be with them.
2: 9 And the children of the tribe of Saul went up against him, and they went astray, and they called to him, and they cried unto him, saying unto him, Behold, I will go unto thee, that thou mayest be satisfied, and that thy servant shall be thy servant.
3: 9 And he said, "What is the matter with you, the people of Israel, the people of the land, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel?" The people of the land of Israel were destroyed, and the people of the land returned to the land of Israel.
4: 9 And the Lord said unto him, Behold, I will come to thee, and behold, the LORD shall be with thee, and he shall not be put to death: for he is not in the house of the children of the people.
5: 9 And God took him away, and he took him away, and took him away from the house of the king, the son of Amihai: for he is not with him;
6: 9 And it came to pass, that the son of Jahonath was born, because the son of Saul had come unto him, and he went down on his face, and took his bread: and he said unto David, Behold, thou shalt be satisfied, and thou shalt say, Behold, thy servant is thy servant.
7: 9 Iamr֩ L֨o Do֜d Al-tir֗a C֣i Ash֩ Aas֨h Amc֥ H֙sd֙ Bֽabor֙ Ihont֣n Ab֔ic and Hsbt֣i Lc֔ Aֽt-cl-sd֖h Sa֣ol Ab֑ic and At֗h T֥acl L֛hm Al-slhn֖i Tmֽid:
8: 9 And you shall be filled with joy, and I will say unto thee, I am thy servant, that I may turn aside, and I will not go down to the heart, but I will not be ashamed of my eyes.
9: 9 And he cried unto the king, saying unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go astray; but he shall not go astray, and say unto him, Behold, all things shall be done unto him, that is, to him, that is, to Saul, and to the house of the house of the LORD, thou shalt give to me the son of thy master.
10: 9 and Ab֣dt L֣o Aֽt-hadm֡h Ath֩ and Bn֨ic and Abd֜ic and Hb֗at and Hi֨h Lbn-adn֤ic L֙hm֙ and Acl֔o and Mfib֙st֙ Bn-adn֔ic Iac֥l Tm֛id L֖hm Al-slhn֑i and Ltzib֗a Hms֥h As֛r Bn֖im and Asr֥im Abdֽim:
11: 9 and I֤amr Tziba֙ Al-hm֔lc Ccl֩ As֨r Itzo֜h Adn֤i Hm֙lc֙ At-abd֔o C֖n Ias֣h Abd֑c and Mfib֗st Acl֙ Al-slhn֔i Cah֖d Mbn֥i Hmֽlc:
12: 9 And Mavib, the son of Katah, was born, and his name was given to him, and all the men of Mochab, the house of Zibe, were not worshiped;
13: 9 And the one who spoke to Moses was the one who sat down and said to them, "Behold, I am not worthy of you, but I will not be able to return to you." He said to him, "I am not worthy of you, but I am afraid of you, and I am afraid of you, and I will not be afraid of you."
‪xxxx  Chapter 10   (19 verses)‬
1: 10 And I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
2: 10 I֨amr Do֜d Aash-h֣sd | Am-hn֣on Bn-nh֗s Casr֩ As֨h Ab֤io Amdi֙ H֔sd and Isl֨h Do֧d Lnhm֛o Bid-abd֖io Al-ab֑io and Ib֙ao֙ Abd֣i Do֔d A֖rtz Bn֥i Amֽon:
3: 10 Iamro֩ Sr֨i Bnֽi-am֜on Al-hn֣on Adֽnih֗m Hֽmcb֨d Do֤d At-ab֙ic֙ Bain֔ic Cֽi-sl֥h Lc֖ Mnֽhm֑im H֠loa Bab֞or Hk֤or At-hair֙ and Lrgl֣h and Lhfc֔h Sl֥h Do֛d At-abd֖io Alֽic:
4: 10 And Hanan, the son of the son of Abed, was appointed to him; and David turned away from them, and brought them out of the house of Zachan, and they rebuked her, and they were in their midst, and their wives were still there, and they were sent away.
5: 10 And they came to David, and he was able to come to them, but they were not, because they were not, and they were not.
6: 10 Irao֙ Bn֣i Am֔on C֥i Nbas֖o Bdo֑d and Islh֣o Bnֽi-am֡on and Iscro֩ At-ar֨m Bit-rh֜ob and At-ar֣m Tzob֗a Asr֥im A֙lf֙ Rgl֔i and At-m֤lc Mֽach֙ A֣lf A֔is and A֣is T֔ob Snim-as֥r A֖lf Aֽis:
7: 10 And David went up, and sent forth Jacob, and all the men of the tribe, the Haggurites.
8: 10 And the sons of the people were with him, and they were with them, and they went up against them from the sea, and they came to them, and they went up to them, and saw them, and drew them, and fled, and the people were there, and they came to them, and they returned to their land, and they were in their midst.
9: 10 And Joab saw him, because he was afraid of him, and he went to him, and he went to the house of the king, and he went away from him, and he went to the house of the LORD, and he rebuked him, and he took away all the people of the land, saying, "Behold, Israel is a captive of Israel, and your people will be destroyed.
10: 10 And he said, "Behold, the people of the land are numbered in the midst of Abashah." Then his brother, his wife, and his wife, returned to the house, and they brought the children of Israel with them.
11: 10 And he said, If thou hast hastened up against Aram, it is my strength, and I have given it to the children of Shushua, even if they are sons of Ammon, even if they are not, they shall be strong; and I will give you strength, and I will come to you.
12: 10 And when the people were strong, they were strong in the sight of their people, and in the midst of the fire, they were afraid of God, and they were with him, and they were with him, and he was with them, and he was with them in his sight.
13: 10 And Joab, and the people, and the people, and his people, fought against him, and fought against him, because they were rebellious, and they were defeated from his face.
14: 10 And the children of Ammon were with them, seeing that because they were destroyed, and they were defeated, and the people of Abyssinia came to them, and Abishah died, and the children of Israel returned to the land, and the people of Israel returned from the land of the land of the land of Ammonites, and the children of Israel came to Jerusalem.
15: 10 And he saw them, seeing that they had been turned aside before the men of Israel, and the people of Israel were gathered together.
16: 10 And the LORD, the LORD, hath taken away the seed, and brought forth Aram, and he hath given it to the people of the land, and they have given it to them, and they have returned to them, and they shall return to you, and the LORD shall return to them.
17: 10 And David sent to David all the people of Israel, and he brought down the Jordan, and brought it to its place, and it came to its land, and it came to an end, and it was Aram, and the people of Korah saw him, and they went out with him, and they came to him, and they were with him.
18: 10 I֣ns Arm֮ Mfn֣i Isral֒ and Ihr֨g Do֜d Mar֗m Sb֤a Maot֙ R֔cb and Arba֥im A֖lf Frs֑im and A֨t Sob֧c Sr-tzba֛o Hc֖h and I֥mt Sֽm:
19: 10 Ira֨o Cֽl-hmlc֜im Abd֣i Hdda֗zr C֤i Ngfo֙ Lfn֣i Isra֔l and Isl֥mo At-isra֖l and Iֽabd֑om and Iֽra֣o Ar֔m Lhos֥ia A֖od At-bn֥i Amֽon: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 11   (27 verses)‬
1: 11 and Ihi֩ Ltsob֨t Hsn֜h La֣t | Tz֣at Hmlaֿc֗im [1] and Isl֣h Do֡d At-ioab֩ and At-abd֨io Am֜o and At-cl-isra֗l and Ish֙to֙ At-bn֣i Am֔on and Itz֖ro Al-rb֑h and Do֖d Ios֥b Biroslֽm: S.
2: 11 Ih֣i | La֣t Ha֗rb and I֨km Do֜d Ma֤l Mscbo֙ and Ithlc֙ Al-g֣g Bit-hm֔lc and I֥ra As֛h Rh֖tzt Ma֣l Hg֑g and H֣as֔h Tob֥t Mra֖h Maֽd:
3:11 And David, the son of Elias, came to him and said to him, "Is this not the daughter of Sheba, the daughter of Elijah? Is it not the wife of Uriah who is the daughter of Hatham?"
4: 11 And the Lord sent him to the house of Malak, and took his wife, and his father gave him unto him, and he went down with her people. [C] And she took the commandment of the tribe of Matamatha, and she returned to her house.
5:11 And thou shalt be the Lord of the sorrows, and thou shalt go down, and glorify him, and bear witness unto him, and thou shalt say unto me, Behold, I am not with thee.
6:11 And David went to the house of Joab the king, and he brought him to the house of the LORD, and he brought him to the house of the LORD, and he brought him to the house of David.
7: 11 And Uri the son of Uri said unto him, Behold, I will bring him into the house of the LORD, and I will bring them to the house of the LORD, and they shall be filled with bread, and the bread of the wine shall be brought to them.
8: 11 And David said unto David, Come unto me, I will come unto thee: [c] See thy heart, and thy spirit, and thy feet, and thy flesh, and thy flesh, and thy flesh, and thy flesh, and thy flesh, and thy flesh, and thy flesh, and thy flesh, and thy flesh.
9: 11 And Uriah the father of Uriah returned to him, saying, "Behold, the servant is the servant, all the servants, all his servants, and his lord, and he is not afraid to go down to his house."
10: 11 And they went out to David, saying unto him, Come unto me, O daughter of Uriah, O son of Abraham, be fruitful unto him, and say unto him, Behold, O LORD, thou shalt not go down; thou shalt not go down, but thou shalt not go, but thou shalt not go, nor go to the house of thy house.
11: 11 I֨amr Aori֜h Al-do֗d H֠aron and Isra֨l and ֽihod֜h Isb֣im Bsc֗ot and Adn֨i Ioa֜b and Abd֤i Adn֨i Al-fn֤i Hsdh֙ Hn֔im and An֞i Ab֧oa Al-bit֛i Lac֥l and Lst֖ot and Lsc֣b Am-ast֑i Hi֙c֙ and H֣i Nfs֔c Aֽm-aas֖h At-hdb֥r Hzֽh:
12: 11 And the Lord said unto him, O Lord of Uriah, behold, it is the name of the Lord, the Lord of the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, and the earth.
13:11 And he called to him, saying, "Behold, I will give him food before his face, and he will be satisfied, and he will pay his wages to him, and he will come to the house to dwell in his bed with his servants; but his master and his house shall not be destroyed."
14:11 And there was a son in the grave, and the son of David came to him, and he went down to the house of Joab, and came to him in the midst of Uriah.
15: 11 And it came to pass, in the wall of the wilderness, unto Amor: I brought unto thee the house of Mordecai, unto El-Mol, the son of Pharisees, the LORD of hosts, and the LORD of hosts, and of their captivity, after the last of his generations, and of the land of the land,
16: 11 And he was in the house of the house of Joab in El-Azir, and he gave the Assyrians a place unto the place, and the woman was there, and the children of Israel were there, so that the women of the tribe of Israel were there.
17: 11 And it came to pass, that the people of the city were awake, and they took the bread away, and they poured out of it a hundred servants.
18:11 And Jehoaboach came and begged David to judge all the words of the LORD.
19:11 And they brought the king unto you, saying unto you, Thou shalt not go down, but all thy words shall be gone, and the bread shall be given to him, and he shall speak unto the king.
20:11 And behold, it is a sign of them, that is, of them, and of them, and of them, and of them, and of them, and of them, and of them, and of them, and of them, and of them, and of them;
21: 11 Mֽi-hc֞h At-abim֣lc Bn-irb֗st Hlֽoa-as֡h Hsl֣ich Alio֩ F֨lh R֜cb Ma֤l Hֽhomh֙ and I֣mt Btb֔tz L֥mh Ngst֖m Al-hֽhom֑h and A֣mrt֔ G֗m Abdc֛ Aori֥h Hht֖i Mֽt:
22: 11 And the king came to thee, and he came, and begged the LORD, and gave him all his strength, even when his messenger sent him to Joab.
23: 11 And he said unto the king, Come unto me, O God, that we may go down, and go up, and go up against us: for it is not the people of the land, and it is come to pass, that we may not go down to the land, and behold, it shall go up to them, even though they are still in the midst of the flood.
24: 11 And they saw it, and they saw it, and they were afraid, and they turned down unto the servant of the LORD, and he went out to the house of the king, and his servant, and his servants, were not servants; and they were your servants, and their servants were your servants. Or Uriah, the son of Hatham,
25: 11 I֨amr Do֜d Al-hmla֗c Cֽh-tam֤r Al-ioab֙ Al-ir֤a Bain֙ic֙ At-hdb֣r Hz֔h Cֽi-cz֥h and Cz֖h Tac֣l Hh֑rb Hhz֨k Mlhmtc֧ Al-ha֛ir and Hrs֖h and Hzkֽho:
26: 11 And I heard the voice of the women, that I had given birth to Uriah, because she had given birth to Uriah, because she was a man, and she gave up the children of Baalah.
27: 11 And Abubar the father of Israel went up, and took his wife, David, and brought him to his house, and he gave him bread to his wife, and he gave birth to him, and to him, and to them, and to the children of the house, which was done to them, and to God, in the eyes of the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 12   (31 verses)‬
1: 12 And the LORD, the LORD, came to him, and he brought him unto the house of David, and he brought him unto him, and he said unto him, Behold, there are two men: they were not in the house of the fire, but the other was Esau, the fire, and the fire of the fire of the fire of Saad.
2: 12 To Maashir, there was a wall, and a wall, and a wall, and a wall.
3: 12 Lr֣s Aֽin-c֗l Ci֩ Am-cbs֨h Ah֤t Ktnh֙ As֣r Kn֔h and Ihi֕h and Tgd֥l Am֛o and Am-bn֖io Ihd֑o Mft֨o Tac֜l and Mcs֤o Tsth֙ and Bhik֣o Tsc֔b and Thi-l֖o Cbֽt:
4: 12 I֣ba Hlc֮ La֣is Hֽasir֒ and Ihm֗l Lk֤ht Mtzano֙ and Mbkr֔o Las֕ot Lar֖h Hba-l֑o and Ik֗h At-cbst֙ Ha֣is Hr֔as and ֽias֔h La֖is Hb֥a Alֽio:
5:12 And the son of Aaron, the son of David, reigned in the midst of the sword of the LORD, saying, Behold, thou shalt go up to the house of the son of Yahweh, son of Yahweh, because of the son of Man, the wife of the servant of the servant of Israel.
6: 12 And the sheep shall be filled with them, and I will give them four hundred shekels, and I will bring them to the house of the LORD, and he shall make the house of the LORD, that is, of the land of the land, and of the land of the land.
7: 12 I֧amr Nt֛n Al-do֖d At֣h Ha֑is Ch-am֨r Iho֜h Alh֣i Isra֗l Anc֞i Msht֤icֽ Lm֙lc֙ Al-isra֔l and Anc֥i Htzlt֖ic Mi֥d Saֽol:
8: 12 Atn֨h Lc֜ At-b֣it Adn֗ic and At-ns֤i Adn֙ic֙ Bhik֔c and Atn֣h Lc֔ At-b֥it Isra֖l and ֽihod֑h and A֨m-ma֔t and As֥fh Lc֖ Ch֥nh and Chֽnh:
9: 12 Md֜oa Bz֣it | At-db֣r Iho֗h Las֣ot Hra֮ * unchanged ** Baini֒ A֣t Aori֤h Hֽhti֙ Hc֣it Bh֔rb and A֨t-ast֔o Lk֥ht Lc֖ Las֑h and At֣o Hr֔gt Bh֖rb Bn֥i Amֽon:
10: 12 And you shall not be dismayed, nor shall I be afraid of your house, but I will go up against you, because I will be ashamed of you, and I will kill you, O wife of women. Or Uriah, I am the daughter of my daughters. Behold, my wives are your wives.
11: 12 C֣h | Am֣r Iho֗h Hnni֩ Mk֨im Al֤ic Rah֙ Mbit֔c and Lkht֤i At-ns֙ic֙ Lain֔ic and Ntt֖i Lra֑ic and Scb֙ Am-ns֔ic Lain֖i Hs֥ms Hzֽat:
12: 12 When thou hast done it, thou shalt do thyself in the wall of the wall, and I will bring it up, and I will bring it forth, and this is the wall, and this is the wall of all the children of Israel, and it is the wall of the wall of the sun.
13: 12 And David said unto David, I pray thee, thou art not a sinner; but I am a witness; and behold, I am saying unto you, Behold, I am the LORD, the LORD thy God, thy sin;
14: 12 I will not let you go, but I will not be thirsty, but I will be thirsty, and thou shalt bring forth bread, O LORD, that is, in the house of the LORD, and this is the seed of the LORD.
15: 12 And it came to pass, that ye went to the house of his house, and brought forth the LORD, and he gave birth to the child, as the child was born, and the wife of Uriah came to him, and to David, he was there.
16: 12 And David, fearing God, rebuked him, in the midst of the LORD, and he rose up, and the people of David went astray, and they came to him, and to them, and to them, and to the land of the land of Israel.
17: 12 And his father, his father, gave him his house, and he gave him up to his children, because he was not in the land, neither was he the father, nor was he the son of Aaron, but they were their wives.
18: 12 Ih֛i Bi֥om Hsbia֖i and I֣mt Hi֑ld and Iֽrao֩ Abd֨i Do֜d Lhg֥id L֣o | Ci-m֣t Hi֗ld C֤i Aֽmro֙ Hnh֩ Bhi֨ot Hi֜ld H֗i Db֤rno Alio֙ and La-sm֣a Bkol֔no and A֨ic Nam֥r Al֛io M֥t Hi֖ld and As֥h Raֽh:
19: 12 And the LORD saw him, that his servants were in him, and that he was the son of David, and that he was the son of David, so that the children of Israel were born, and that the LORD was born, and the LORD said to him, 'Come to me, I will not go down to you, and I will come to you.'
20: 12 Ikm֩ Do֨d Mha֜rtz and Irh֣tz and I֗sc and Ihlf֙ * ** Smlt֔io his robe and Ib֥a Bit-iho֖h and Ist֑ho and Iba֙ Al-bit֔o and Isa֕l and Is֥imo L֛o L֖hm and Iacֽl:
Num 21: 12 And his servants said unto him, O servants of him, I pray thee, O LORD, I will give thee the power of the LORD, and this is what I have done: as he hath done, he hath done unto the LORD, and he hath given it unto him, and he hath given it unto thee, and he hath given it unto thee, and he hath given it unto thee.
22: 12 And he said unto him, O son of Israel, behold, it is the day of my life, that I may have given you bread, and I will give thee bread: for I have not given it unto thee, for I have not seen it, and I have not seen it, nor have I seen it before.
23: 12 And it came to pass, that is, I said to him, "I am the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God."
24:12 And Noah gave them the name of the daughter of his wife, because his wife was afraid, and Abba came to her, and he made her with her people, and gave birth to them. * And Leviticus called her name, which was hers, and he was the one who loved him.
25: 12 And he took possession of the hand, and it came to pass, and the son of Nabhon came, and he saw the name of his name, and he gave it to me, and he brought it to the house of the LORD.
26: 12 And Joam the son of Joab returned with a multitude of sons, even with Ammon, and took up the city of Moloch with her.
27: 12 And Jehoah, the son of Y֛֛֛֛֛ מַ, came down to the house of David, and said to him, "Behold, I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will return to you."
28: 12 And when I saw her, I saw her, and took her away from the fire, and brought her to the fire, and to her hand, I gave her the hand of the fire, and she rose up, so that I could not lift her up.
29: 12 And David cursed all the men, and led them to multiply, and they fought against her, and they came to her.
30: 12 And he took the shovel of the house of the king of Malak, saying, "I will not go up to the top of his head, but the shekel shall be as it is, so that it is golden, and the son of the son of Israel shall be raised, and the LORD shall be given to the LORD, the Lord of the LORD, the Lord of the world, and the LORD of Israel, the LORD of hosts, the LORD of hosts."
31: 12 At-ha֨m Asr-b֜h Hotz֗ia and I֣sm B֠mgrh and Bhrtz֨i Hbrz֜l and ֽbmgzr֣t Hbrz֗l and Hab֤ir Aotm֙ * We crowned ** Bmlb֔n and C֣n Ias֔h Lc֖l Ar֣i Bnֽi-am֑on and I֧sb Do֛d and Cl-ha֖m Iroslֽm: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 13   (39 verses)‬
1: 13 And there came to me an inheritance, so that I could not be ashamed of them, because he was a son of David, and there was a son of David, and his name was Tamar, and he loved him, and Amnon was a son of David.
2: 13 And it was fortified to believe, and to begin to speak, and to speak to him, so that he might be pleased with him, but he was with him, and he was in the eyes of the eyes of the people, so that they could not do anything to them.
3:13 And to Amnon, Reuben, and Shemu, the son of Shema, the son of Shema, the son of Shema, the son of Shema, the son of David, the son of Shema, the one of them,
4: 13 I֣amr L֗o Md֣oa A֠th C֣ch D֤l Bn-hm֙lc֙ Bb֣kr Bb֔kr Hl֖oa Tg֣id L֑i and I֤amr Lo֙ Amn֔on At-tm֗r Ah֛ot Absl֥m Ah֖i An֥i Ahֽb:
5: 13 I֤amr Lo֙ Ih֣ond֔b Sc֥b Al-mscbc֖ and Hth֑l and B֧a Ab֣ic Lraot֗c and Amrt֣ Al֡io T֣ba Na֩ Tm֨r Ahot֜i and Tbr֣ni L֗hm and Ast֤h Laini֙ At-hbri֔h Lm֙an֙ As֣r Ara֔h and Aclt֖i Midֽh:
6: 13 Isc֥b Amn֖on and Ith֑l and Ib֨a Hm֜lc Lrat֗o and I֨amr Amn֤on Al-hm֙lc֙ Tֽboa-n֞a Tm֣r Aht֗i and Tlb֤b Laini֙ St֣i Lbb֔ot and Abr֖h Midֽh:
7:13 And it shall be the day of David's commandment: for thou shalt not return to the house of the LORD, nor shall the LORD be glorified, nor shall the LORD be with thee, nor thy son, nor thy son, nor thy son, nor thy brethren.
8: 13 And thou shalt not be ashamed; but thou shalt not trust his brethren; and he hath taken the heart of the heart, and hath taken away the father of the flock, and hath turned away from him; and he hath turned away from him; and he hath turned away from him; and he hath taken away his heart, and hath turned away the heart of the heart.
9:13 And he took the servant away, and he besieged him before him, and he came to eat it, and he said, Amen, they have given him all the men of the land, so that he may not go up.
10: 13 And he said, "Amen, I am saying unto you, Thou art great, and thou shalt not be afraid." And the LORD said to him, "Behold, your hand shall be broken, and thou shalt not lift the thorns." But Esau did as she did, and she came to her mother, and said to her, "Behold!
11:13 13 And GOD came to him, and gave him strength, and he gave him strength, and he gave him strength, and he said unto him, Behold, I am with thee, that thou shalt lie with me, yet I will not be with you again.
12: 13 And he said to him, "Do not be angry with me, my brother!" "Do not let me go, because I am not in the house of Israel, because they are in Israel, but I will not do this."
13:13 And I, behold, I will not give thee the spoil of thy sword, and thou shalt give it to me, as it is in the hands of the wicked, that is in Israel, and when thou hast spoken, thou shalt go not unto me, that I may go, but I will not prevent thee from thy presence.
14: 13 And he was not afraid of his father, but he was not in his voice, and he was ashamed of what he had done, and he disobeyed him, and he brought her to death.
15: 13 And he changed the word of Aman, the word of the tongue, and of the greatness of the Lord, because of the greatness of the greatness of the people, the greatness of the wickedness, and of the lust of the Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Son, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the World, the Lord of the World.
16: 13 And he said to him, "Behold, I will surely go down to the greatness of the greatness, and this is the day of my death, and I will be with you, and I will do it with you, and I will do it with you, even if I do not send it to you, and I will not be able to return to you."
17:13 And he called his son, his wife, because of his wickedness; and he said, Let him send us away from the house of the LORD, and go forth, and go down to the house of the LORD after his death.
18:13 13 And the children of the tribe of Zechariah were defeated, because the people of the tribe of Laban were in the midst of the greatness of the sons of the tribe, and the children of the tribe of Ma'alot came out, and brought them out of their midst, because of their wickedness, and they were afraid of them, and they turned away from them after another.
19:13 And Thou shalt not go down, but thou shalt not be angry with him, but for the Lord, the Lord of the Throne, and I have given up the commandment of the Lord, and I will give it to thee, and I will bring it to you, and I will bring it forth to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
20: 13 I֨amr Al֜ih Absl֣om Ah֗ih Hamin֣on Ahic֮ Hi֣h Amc֒ and At֞h Ahot֤i Hhr֙isi֙ Ah֣ic H֔oa Al-ts֥iti At-lb֖c Ldb֣r Hz֑h and T֤sb Tmr֙ and S֣mm֔h B֖it Absl֥om Ahֽih:
21:13 13 And when the LORD went down, he brought forth all the things of the LORD, and he brought him to him, and he became another to his strength.
22: 13 And the Lord shall not be ashamed, but he shall not be with the people of Ammon, for he is bitter, and he shall not be angry; for he shall not be ashamed, neither shall he be ashamed of him. Amen, he shall judge over the word of men;
23:13 And I will be with you for two years, yea, yea, yea, and, behold, they are the mighty ones, that is, the father, the father of the children of Israel, and the people of the land of Israel, and the people of the land of Israel.
24: 13 And Abba came to Absalom, saying unto him, Go, and say, Behold, we shall not be ashamed, but serve thee, and let thee go: thy servant is thy servant, and thy servant is with thy servant.
25:13 And he said unto him, Shall I go unto Abyssinia, but unto my son, we shall not go down, let us not go down, let us not lie upon thee, and let him go down on thy face, and let his father go down, and he shall not be afraid of his father, neither shall he come to thee, and he shall bless thee.
26:13 And he said, "I will not be ashamed of you, neither shall I be afraid of you, nor shall I be afraid of you." But he said to him, "Believe me, I will be with you." And he said to him, "What is your name?"
27: 13 And he broke up with him, and he was ashamed of him, and he was with him, and he took him with him, and took him away, and all the children of the children were there.
28: 13 Itzo֩ Absl֨om At-nar֜io Lam֗r Ra֣o N֠a Ct֨ob Lb-amn֤on Bi֙in֙ and Amrt֣i Alic֔m Hc֧o At-amn֛on and Hmt֥m At֖o Al-tir֑ao Hl֗oa C֤i Aֽnci֙ Tzo֣iti Atc֔m Hzk֖o and Hi֥o Lbni-hֽil:
29: 13 And the people of the tribe of Na'ar, the sons of Absalom, went up to Aman, and as the captain of the tribe of Tzah, the father of Absalom, and the son of Levi, the son of the king, and the son of the son of Mordecai;
30: 13 And I will be the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, and of the people of Israel, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the World, and of the Lord of the World.
31:13 13 And he rose up from the place of the king, and took his pride away from him, and made him lie down, and gave him all his work, and all his works were stable, and he was not satisfied.
32: 13 I֡an Iond֣b | Bn-sma֨h Ahֽi-do֜d and I֗amr Al-iam֤r Adni֙ A֣t Cl-hnar֤im Bnֽi-hm֙lc֙ Hm֔ito Cֽi-amn֥on Lbd֖o M֑t Cֽi-al-f֤i Abslom֙ Hit֣h Som֔h Miom֙ Ant֔o A֖t Tm֥r Ahtֽo:
33:13 And when thou hast come to the Lord, I will not judge thee, and I will go to his heart, that is, the son of all the children of the world, all the children of Israel, the king of the tribe of Israel, the king of Israel, and the people of the land of Israel.
34: 13 And Abraham created his father, and he did not go, but the son of Nazareth went up to him, and saw the eye of his eyes, and he saw it, and behold, the people of Rabah returned to him, and he returned to Meadach,
35:13 And he said, 'O son of David, come to me, let us go to thee, and behold, behold, your children shall be in your hands, as the servants of your servant shall do.
36:13 And he was with him; and as for his daughters, he was with him, and his sons, and his sons, and his sons, and his sons, and his servants, and his servants, and his servants, and all his servants, and all his servants;
37:13 And Absalom, the son of Barah, went up and went to the son of Tamim, son of Amor, the people of the tribe of Mordecai, and he turned to him, and was sore on all his sons.
38:13 And Abel begged, and he said, "Behold, I will go down to you, and I will be ashamed of them, and they will be destroyed."
39: 13 And thou shalt know the power of the Lord, and I will give thee strength unto the Father, and I will bring them unto them: for they shall not rest upon them. Amen.
‪xxxx  Chapter 14   (33 verses)‬
1: 14 And Joab the son of Zerai saw it, and he said unto him, Lo! Thou shalt not go down, because thou shalt go up against the father of the land.
2: 14 Isl֤h Ioab֙ Tk֔oah and Ik֥h Ms֖m As֣h Hcm֑h and I֣amr A֠lih Hֽtabli-n֞a and Lbsi-n֣a Bgdi-a֗bl and Al-ts֙oci֙ S֔mn and Hi֕it Cas֗h Z֚h Im֣im Rb֔im Mtab֖lt Al-mֽt:
3:14 And when you came to the king, he came to you, and said to him, "Do not be as kind to him as this man, and this is what he has done, and he will bring the people away, and they will be in his mouth."
4:14 And the woman said, Thou shalt not go down to the house, but thou shalt go up against her, but thou shalt not be thirsty, and thou shalt be ashamed of him, and thou shalt say unto him, Thou shalt go down.
5:14 And the Lord said unto thee, Behold, I will go unto thee, and thou shalt say, Abel, I am the wife of God, and I will not be with thee;
6: 14 And for your family, your children, the children of Israel, and their sons, the two of them, were in their fields, and they were not in the army, but they were not there, and they brought them to the other side, and they brought their daughters to death.
7: 14 and Hnh֩ K֨mh Cֽl-hmsfh֜h Al-sfht֗c and Iֽamro֙ Tn֣i | At-mc֣h Ah֗io and Nmt֙ho֙ Bn֤fs Ahio֙ As֣r Hr֔g and Nsm֖idh G֣m At-hior֑s and Cb֗o At-gֽhlti֙ As֣r Nsa֔rh Lblt֧i * ** Sim-lais֛i S֥m of nowhere and Sar֖it Al-fn֥i Hadmֽh: F.
8: 14 And he said, "What is the matter with thee, to the wife, to thee, to thy house, and to me?" I commanded her, saying, "Come on!"
9:14 And the man said to him, Thou shalt go down to the house of the king, and go over to me, and I will judge thee, and I will go down with you, and I will go down to the house of my father, and I will come to you, and I will bring you to his house.
10: 14 And he said unto him, What is the matter with thee, that thou shalt not go down, but thou shalt not return, and thou shalt bring back unto him, even unto me, and I will come unto thee, and I will come unto thee,
11: 14 Tamr֩ Izcr-n֨a Hm֜lc At-iho֣h Alh֗ic * Most ** Mhrb֞t Ga֤l Hdm֙ Lsh֔t and L֥a Ism֖ido At-bn֑i and I֙amr֙ Hi-iho֔h Am-if֛l Msar֥t Bn֖c Aֽrtzh:
12: 14 And he said unto him, Thou shalt not go down; thou shalt not speak; thou shalt not be afraid; for thou shalt not go down unto the Lord;
13:14 And I said unto him, Thou shalt go down, and I will go down to the house of the LORD, and I will return to the house of the LORD, and I will return to the house of the LORD, and the LORD shall give it unto thee, and the LORD shall give it unto thee.
14: 14 For the children of Namoth, and as for them, the sons of Hagar, the sons of Israel, and the people of Nazareth, are not the people of Israel, neither of them, neither of them, neither of them, neither of them, neither of them, nor of them, nor of them, nor of them, nor of them, nor of them.
15: 14 ֠ath Asr-b֜ati Ldb֨r Al-hm֤lc Adni֙ At-hdb֣r Hz֔h C֥i Iֽra֖ni Ha֑m and T֤amr Sfhֽtc֙ Adbrh-n֣a Al-hm֔lc Aol֛i Ias֥h Hm֖lc At-db֥r Amtֽo:
16: 14 When it is dark, let it go down, and bring down the Amazah, and it shall be upon the sword of the sword, that I may put an end to it, and I will bring my son to death, even though I am not afraid of the LORD.
17: 14 T֙amr֙ Sfh֣tc֔ Iֽhih-n֛a Dbr-adn֥i Hm֖lc Lmnoh֑h C֣i | Cmla֣c Halh֗im C֣n Adn֤i Hm֙lc֙ Lsm֙a֙ Ht֣ob and Hr֔a and ֽiho֥h Alh֖ic Ih֥i Amֽc: P.
18: 14 I֣an Hm֗lc and I֙amr֙ Al-h֣as֔h Al-n֨a Tchd֤i Mm֙ni֙ Db֔r As֥r Anc֖i Sa֣l At֑c and T֙amr֙ Hֽas֔h Idbr-n֖a Adn֥i Hmֽlc:
19: 14 I֣amr Hm֔lc Hi֥d Ioa֛b At֖c Bcl-z֑at and T֣an Has֣h and T֡amr Hֽi-nfsc֩ Adn֨i Hm֜lc Am-a֣s | Lhm֣in and Lhsm֗il Mc֤l Asr-dbr֙ Adn֣i Hm֔lc Cֽi-abdc֤ Ioab֙ H֣oa Tzo֔ni and H֗oa S֚m Bf֣i Sfhֽtc֔ A֥t Cl-hdbr֖im Haֽlh:
20: 14 Lbab֤or Sbb֙ At-fn֣i Hdb֔r As֛h Abdc֥ Ioa֖b At-hdb֣r Hz֑h and Adn֣i Hc֗m Chcmt֙ Mla֣c Halh֔im Ld֖at Aֽt-cl-as֥r Baֽrtz: S.
21: 14 And he said unto the king, Come, I pray thee, thou shalt not give up the land of this land, and I will bring thee into the house of this land, and it shall come to thee that bringeth the people away from the land of Absalom.
22: 14 Ifl֩ Ioa֨b Al-fn֥io A֛rtzh and Ist֖ho and Ib֣rc At-hm֑lc and I֣amr Ioa֡b Hiom֩ Id֨a Abdc֜ Ci-mtz֨ati H֤n Bain֙ic֙ Adn֣i Hm֔lc Asr-as֥h Hm֖lc At-db֥r * worked ** Abdֽc:
23: 14 And he rose up, and rose up, and went up to the ground, and brought up the father of Absalom, and they destroyed their inheritance.
24: 14 And he said unto him, Shall I not go to the house of the house of the children of the house of the house of the house of the children of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the LORD?
25: 14 And as the father of the children of Israel, he was not a man; he was a man of all Israel, and he went down to him, and he went down to him, and went up to his feet, and went down, and cursed him, and said unto him, Lo!
26: 14 ֽbglho֮ At-raso֒ and ֽ֠hih Mk֨tz [c] Im֤im | Limim֙ As֣r Igl֔h Cֽi-cb֥d Al֖io and Glh֑o and Skl֙ At-sa֣r Ras֔o Mat֥im Skl֖im Ba֥bn Hmֽlc:
27: 14 And the children of the tribe of Levi went to Absalom, and they went to the house of the sons of Israel, and they came to Israel, and they were there, and they were destroyed, and they were destroyed, because the people of Israel were destroyed.
28: 14 And when Abishl returned, they did not return to Yerushalayim, but they were still alive, and they turned to him, and the king returned to her.
29: 14 And Abel begged him, saying, Do not go to him, let him go to him, and go not to him, but to his father, to him, to him, and to him, to him, and to him, to him, and to his father, to him, and to his father;
And he said to him, "Behold, I will not bring the people of the land to the land of Israel." And he said to him, "Behold, I will bring the people of the land to the land of Israel, and I will bring them to the land of Israel."
31:14 And he rose up, and rose up, and brought them to the house of Abashl, but he brought them to him, and he said unto them, Behold, I am not satisfied: why hast thou not served the servant of the Chaldean, which is that which I have done?
32: 14 I֣amr Absl֣om Al-ioa֡b Hn֣h Sl֣hti Al֣ic | Lam֡r B֣a H֠nh and Aslhh֩ Atc֨ [c] Al-hm֜lc Lam֗r L֤mh B֙ati֙ Mgs֔or T֥ob L֖i A֣d Ani-s֑m and At֗h Arah֙ Fn֣i Hm֔lc and Am-is-b֥i Aoֺ֖n and Hmtֽni:
33: 14 Ib֨a Ioa֣b Al-hmlc֮ and Igd-lo֒ and Ikr֤a Al-abslom֙ and Ib֣a Al-hm֔lc and Ist֨ho L֧o Al-af֛io A֖rtzh Lfn֣i Hm֑lc and Is֥k Hm֖lc Labslֽom: P.
‪xxxx  Chapter 15   (37 verses)‬
1:15 And I will be a hundred years old, and I will be with him, and I will give him bread, and I will give him bread, and I will buy it, and I will buy it.
2: 15 Hscim֙ Absl֔om and Am֕d Al-i֖d D֣rc Hs֑ar and Ih֡i Cl-ha֣is Asֽr-ihih-lo-rib֩ Lb֨oa Al-hm֜lc Lmsf֗t and Ikr֨a Absl֤om Alio֙ and I֗amr Aֽi-mz֥h Air֙ A֔th and I֕amr Mah֥d Sbtֽi-isra֖l Abdֽc:
3:15 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go, but see thy words, and thy words are good, and they shall be lifted up, and they shall be lifted up, and it shall be no more, and I will not cause you to go away from the place of the hand.
4: 15 And he said, "I will not be ashamed of you, but I will not do any thing for me, but I will go out in the land, and I will go up against you, all the men of the people, for I am the one who is worthy of the Lord, and the one who is worthy of judgment, and the righteous one."
5:15 And there was a man of the people of the tribe of Israel, that he had made peace with him, and that he had given his hand to his children, and he had taken possession of it, and he had given it to him.
6: 15 And he did that which was done to him, and he did not do that to the king of Israel, so that he was not afraid to go out to the king, and he turned away from him, and he turned away from him, and he took away the people of the tribe of Israel.
7:15 And there was a hundred of them, four hundred four hundred, and seven hundred. And it was said, Absalom, I am going down to you, and I will go down to you, and I will kill them, and I will bring them down to the land, which I will bring to my house, and I will bring it to you in the wilderness.
8: 15 For I will not be able to return to you, but I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
9: 15 And he said unto him, Behold, I will go down to thee in the flesh of the wicked; and he shall be revenged; and I will bring thee forth;
10: 15 And the father of Absalom came to him, and rolled up in all the captivity, and the people of Israel went up to Amor, when he had made them fall, and the people of the tribe went on, saying, And I said unto them, I am not going to kill you;
11: 15 And the father of Absalom, that they had gone down from there, but now they were men, and they were rebellious, but they were not, and they were not, and they were not, and they were not, and they were not knowing.
12: 15 Isl֣h A֠bslom At-ahit֨fl Hgֽiln֜i Ioa֣tz Do֗d Mֽairo֙ Mgl֔h Bzbh֖o At-hzbh֑im and Ih֤i Hk֙sr֙ Am֔tz and Ha֛m Hol֥c and R֖b At-abslֽom:
13: 15 And the Maggid came to the house of David, saying unto him, Behold, thou shalt be the heart of the children of Israel, that I may rejoice after them: but I will not be ashamed of them.
14: 15 I֣amr D֠od Lcl-abd֨io Asr-at֤o Birosl֙m֙ K֣omo and Nbr֔hh C֛i La-tֽhih-l֥no Flit֖h Mfn֣i Absl֑om Mhr֣o Ll֗ct Fn-imh֤r and Hsg֙no֙ and Hd֤ih Al֙ino֙ At-h֣ra֔h and Hc֥h Ha֖ir Lfi-hֽrb:
15:15 And he said, O servant, I am going to go in unto thee, which cometh unto thee, that I will not see, and I will judge thee: for thy servant is thy servant.
16: 15 And he gave birth to the king, and all his children were in his feet, and he came to him, and he went out into the midst of the house, and the men went out, and the men went out, and they came to the gate, and came to the west.
17: 15 And he gave the man his way, and all his anger was in his feet, and he stood still, and came to the house of the river.
18:15 And all his servants were transgressed by his hand, and all the shepherds, and all the flocks, and all the vessels of the garden were six hundred cubits, and there was a woman, who was in his feet, in his legs, in the midst of the waves of the earth, passing over the face of the face.
19:15 And he said, "What is the matter with you? Come to me, how are you? Why are you mad? Why are you so angry with me? And you are with us, and you are with me. And you are with me. You are not alone." "You are the one who has lost your name."
20: 15 Thou shalt not bring forth thy brother, nor thy people, nor thy people, nor thy people, nor thy people, nor thy people, nor thy people, nor thy people, nor thy people,
21: 15 I֧an At֛i At-hm֖lc and Iam֑r Hi-iho֗h and Hi֙ Adn֣i Hm֔lc C֠i Am-bmk֞om As֥r Iֽhih-s֣m | Adn֣i Hm֗lc Am-lm֙ot֙ Am-lhi֔im Ci-s֖m Ihi֥h Abdֽc:
22: 15 And the Lord said unto him, Behold, I pray thee, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will be with you all my life, and all his people, and all the people that are with him.
23:15 And all the children were weeping, saying, O children of Gad, and all the children of Israel, and the children of Israel, and all the people of the land, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and all the people of Israel, passing over the face of the children of Israel.
24: 15 Hn֨h Gm-tzd֜ok and Cֽl-hloi֣m At֗o Nֽsaim֙ At-aron֙ Br֣it Halh֔im and Itz֙ko֙ At-ar֣on Halh֔im and I֖al Abit֑r Ad-t֥m Cl-ha֖m Lab֥or Mn-haֽir:
25: 15 And he said, "What is the matter with you?" He said to him, "Do not you think that the Lord is the LORD?" He said, "Behold, I will not be afraid." "O Jehovah, I will return to you, and I will see you, and I will bring him down, and you will see him."
26: 15 And if this is so, let it be said, Lo! Thou shalt not be able to save me; but I will not give thee strength; for I will do it. And I will do it.
27: 15 And he said unto the king, Behold, thou shalt not go down to the house of the children of the house, but the children of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel;
28: 15 Behold, I am full of sins, and I will not go astray, but I will not be afraid of them: but I will not be afraid of them.
29: 15 And he that dwelt on the side of the children of Jacob, and the father of the children of Israel, said unto them, The God of Israel, shall they be destroyed, and they shall return to their land,
30: 15 And David went up to him in the midst of the wilderness, and he went up to him, and went up to him; and he blessed him, and he ran away from him, and he went out to him, and he saw him, and said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not live, and all that is with him, that thou shalt not be afraid;
31: 15 And David went up to the house of Amor, the brother of Ephesus, and begged the people of Absalom to die, and the Lord said to him, "Shall we eat the fire of the fire of the fire of the fire of the LORD?"
32:15 And there was David, who was in the land of Hadar, the captain of the tribe of Asad, who had made peace with them, that they had given them to God, and he had given them to him, and he had given them his inheritance: for he was not worthy of his inheritance: for he had gone astray, so that his people had come to him, and his people were on the head of his people.
33: 15 And he said unto his servants, If thou hast gone down, thou shalt not see them; and I will come upon them;
34: 15 Am-ha֣ir Ts֗ob and Amrt֤ Labslom֙ Abdc֨ [c] An֤i Hm֙lc֙ Aֽhi֔h A֣bd Ab֤ic and ֽani֙ Ma֔z and At֖h and An֣i Abd֑c and Hfrt֣h L֔i A֖t Atz֥t Ahitֽfl:
35: 15 And the people of your people were with you, so that they were in the side of the law, and the father was the son of all the priests, and this was all the word. As for the people of Israel, they were not numbered, but the people of the tribe of the king went out of the way to the side of the house, and to the fathers, to the house of the priests.
36: 15 Now they were with them, they were two, and they were in their sons; they were brothers, and they were not in favor of the children of Israel, and they gave them to their fathers, and they sent them to their fathers, and they sent them into their hands, but they were not, and they were not all, but they were not as they were.
37: 15 And the children of Hushah came to Me, but the Lord, the Lord of the Fire, and the Abyssinia, were not yet born, but their inheritance was theirs.
‪xxxx  Chapter 16   (23 verses)‬
1: 16 and Do֗d Ab֤r Mat֙ Mֽhr֔as and Hn֥h Tzib֛a N֥ar Mfi-b֖st Lkrat֑o and Tz֨md Hmr֜im Hbs֗im and Alihm֩ Mat֨im L֜hm and Ma֧h Tzmok֛im and M֥ah K֖itz and N֥bl Iֽin:
2: 16 I֧amr Hm֛lc Al-tzib֖a Mh-a֣lh L֑c and I֣amr Tz֠iba Hhmor֨im Lbit-hm֜lc Lrc֗b * and ** and Hl֤hm fight and Hk֙itz֙ Lac֣ol Hnar֔im and Hi֕in Lst֥ot Hia֖f Bmdbֽr:
3: 16 I֣amr Hm֔lc and Ai֖h Bn-adn֑ic and I֨amr Tzib֜a Al-hm֗lc Hnh֙ Ios֣b Birosl֔m C֣i Am֔r Hi֗om Is֤ibo Li֙ B֣it Isra֔l A֖t Mmlc֥ot Abֽi:
4:16 And he said unto him, What is thy name, that is, to Zion, that is, I will give thee the name of the king, as it is, that I will not go down from the mouth of the wife, and will be commanded, I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
5:16 And it came to pass, which is the commandment of the LORD, that is, in the midst of the burning of the mountains, and it is there, that there is no man, there is a sword, that is, out of the sword of the house of the house of Shiloh, and there is a name for him, that is, he that heareth the son of Gerah, that he may not bring forth the land of the LORD, nor the king of light.
6:16 And he drew up the sons of the children, and brought them to the house, and all the servants, and all the people of the land, and all the people, and all the mighty men, and they were full of them, and they were filled with punishment.
7: 16 And when the Ammonite heard it, he heard it, saying, "Behold, I pray thee, O Lord, I pray thee, O Lord, there is a sword of the earth, and the flesh of the Babylonian is on the way."
8: 16 Hsib֩ Al֨ic Iho֜h C֣l | Dm֣i Bit-sa֗ol Lower As֤r Ml֙ct֙ * ** Tht֔io and It֤n Ihoh֙ At-hmloc֔h Bi֖d Absl֣om Bn֑c and Hnc֙ Br֣at֔c C֛i A֥is Dm֖im Aֽth:
9:16 And Abishah said to him, Son of Zeruiah, Shall I go to the house of the mother, that the light shall come upon thee, the daughter of the mother, when thou shalt bring the son of the son of Israel to the land of Israel, and I will bring forth the people of the land of Israel?
10: 16 And he said to them, What is your name, how are you, and how are you, that is, the son of Israel, that is, the people of Tzorai? * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * הו י י י֤֤֙֙֙֙֙ר֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙֙ י י י י֔֔֔֔֔ י י י֔֔֔֔ מַָ֔֔֔֔֔֔֔הָה כֵ ע ע ע֔ מַָהָה כֵֽֽ ע ס ס
11: 16 I֨amr Do֤d Al-abisi֙ and Al-cl-abd֔io Hn֥h Bn֛i Asr-itz֥a Mma֖i Mbk֣s At-nfs֑i and A֨f Cֽi-at֜h Bn-himin֗i Hn֤ho Lo֙ and ֽikl֔l C֥i Aֽmr-l֖o Ihoֽh:
12: 16 O God, see the LORD, O LORD, in the poverty of the eyes of the LORD, and I will return to you, O God, to me, I will be blessed, and thou shalt bring him the curse of his people.
13:16 And his voice went down, and a man was in his place, and he went down, and went to him, and in the midst of his journey, he went down to his house, and he came to him, and he took him away, and he cast him up, and brought him to the land of the children, even unto him.
14: 16 And it came to pass, which is your way, and all the things that are with you, that ye may be angry;
15: 16 And Absalom, the nation, and all the people, were destroyed, and the people of Israel were lost, because they were jealous of them, because they were corrupt, and their families were despicable.
16:16 And there was an angel, who was with him, that was not his wife, because he was the son of the father of the children of Israel, and he was the father of them, and he said unto them, Behold, I am not with them;
17: 16 And Absalom said unto him, Behold, thou shalt be afraid, O thy servant, thy wickedness, thou hast taken away thy wickedness: for it is not, but thou hast taken away thy evil.
18:16 And he said to Choshey, "Do not go to Abashlam, for I am not worthy of the Lord, but the Lord, the Son of the Lord, is the Son of God, and this is the one, and this is all, and this is all, and every man is a man of his own."
19: 16 And the old man came to me, saying, "Behold, I will come before you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
20:16 And he said to Absalom, Do you not go to the brother of the father of the flock, and bring them to the land of Israel?
21: 16 I֤amr Ahit֙fl֙ Al-absl֔m B֚oa Al-flgs֣i Ab֔ic As֥r Hn֖ih Lsm֣or Hb֑it and Sm֤a Cl-isral֙ Cֽi-nba֣st At-ab֔ic and H֣zk֔o Id֖i Cl-as֥r Atֽc:
22: 16 And he sent him to Abashal, but he did not go up to the Haggard; and Abelasham begged him to go down to Gilgamesh, because his fathers were not with him, but all the Israelites were with him.
23: 16 And the strength of the brethren, and the mourning of the children of Israel, was as the children of the children of Israel, so that the people of Israel were killed, so that the people of Israel were brought captive, and the people of Israel were destroyed, so that all the people of Israel were with them, and their brethren were in the hands of the children of the children of Judah.
‪xxxx  Chapter 17   (29 verses)‬
1: 17 And the brother of Ahimeleh said unto him, Behold, the father of Abshal, is he yet another man, that is, the son of Levi, the son of Levi, the son of Levi, and the son of Levi, the son of Levi, and the son of David;
2: 17 And the father said: Lo, he hath gone up, and he is not hungry; he is angry with him, and he hath reproached him, and he hath turned away from him, and he hath turned away from him, and he hath turned away from him, and he hath taken away all his things, that thou hast dealt with him, and that ye have made his way unto his children.
3:17 And all the men of the world shall be with you, as the man has given up, so that the man may be consumed, and that he will not be able to give up all the things of the people.
4: 17 And the LORD shall be ashamed of the eyes of the children, but they shall be ashamed of them, and in the sight of all things, all the children of Israel shall be raised.
5:17 And he said, "If the people of the land of Israel die, they shall not return to the land of Israel, but they shall not return to their land, and they shall not be destroyed."
6:17 And the son of Hushai came up to him, and said unto him, O father of Abraham, say unto him, Behold, thou shalt not go down, but unto him shall I not be glorified, as if this is the LORD, that is, the son of David, the son of the brother of Zephath, the son of Esau, the son of Zephaniah;
7:17 And Moses said unto him, Come, I pray thee, thou shalt not go, but thou shalt not be afraid, O God, that I may be afraid, that I may be afraid of the foolishness of the people.
8: 17 and I֣amr Hos֗i At֣h I֠dat At-ab֨ic and At-ans֜io C֧i Gbr֣im H֗mh and Mr֥i N֙fs֙ H֔mh Cd֥b Sc֖ol Bsd֑h and Ab֙ic֙ A֣is Mlhm֔h and L֥a Il֖in At-haֽm:
9: 17 Hn֨h At֤h Hֽoa-nhba֙ Bah֣t Hfht֔im A֖o Bah֣d Hmkom֑t and Hi֗h Cnf֤l Bhm֙ Bthl֔h and Sm֤a Hsm֙a֙ and Am֔r Hֽith֙ Mgf֔h Ba֕m As֖r Ahr֥i Abslֽm:
10: 17 And behold, behold, it is not yet, but as a son of the son of Israel, as it is, that the people of Israel have been destroyed, because the people of Israel have been destroyed, because all the people of Israel have been afraid, because the greatness of your father and your sons is great.
11: 17 When I was thirsty, I commanded you, and I will continue your anger against thee, all the people of Israel, even in the midst of the earth, even though I am in the midst of them, that is, because of the power of their wickedness, which is upon them, to turn away, and your face is gone, and they are coming in the morning.
12: 17 B֣ano Al֗io * ** Bah֤d ​​Hmkomt֙ one As֣r Nmtz֣a S֔m and N֣hno Al֔io Cas֛r If֥l Ht֖l Al-hadm֑h and Lֽa-n֥otr B֛o and Bcl-hans֥im Asr-at֖o Gm-ahֽd:
13:17 And if the people of the city, the people of Israel, were destroyed, and the people of Israel were destroyed, and the people of Israel came to them, because they were not afraid of it, but they destroyed it, and destroyed it, and built it with us, even though it was not with them; for it was as though they were not, but they were not saved.
14: 17 I֤amr Abslom֙ and Cl-a֣is Isra֔l Tob֗h Atzt֙ Hos֣i Harc֔i Matz֖t Ahit֑fl and Iho֣h Tzo֗h Lhf֞r At-atz֤t Ahit֙fl֙ Htob֔h Lbab֗or Hb֧ia Iho֛h Al-absl֖om At-hraֽh: S.
15: 17 I֣amr Hos֗i Al-tzd֤ok and Al-abitr֙ Hc֣hn֔im Cz֣at and Cz֗at Ia֤tz Ahit֙fl֙ At-absl֔m and A֖t Zkn֣i Isra֑l and Cz֥at and Cz֖at Ia֥tzti Aֽni:
16: 17 At֡h Slh֣o Mhrh֩ and Hg֨ido Ldo֜d Lam֗r Al-t֤ln Hl֙ilh֙ Baֽrb֣ot Hmdb֔r and G֖m Ab֣or Tab֑or F֚n Ibl֣a Lm֔lc and Lcl-ha֖m As֥r Atֽo:
17: 17 Ihont֨n and Ahim֜atz Amd֣im Bain-rg֗l and Hlc֤h Hsfhh֙ and Hg֣idh Lh֔m and Hm֙ Iֽlc֔o and Hg֖ido Lm֣lc Do֑d C֣i L֥a Iocl֛o Lhra֖ot Lb֥oa Haֽirh:
18:17 And when they saw them, they saw them, and they came to them, and went to them, and they went to them, and they went to them, and they came to him, and they came to him, and to him, to him, to the son of the man, to the sons of Aaron, and to him, to him in the midst of his anger, and to him, and they were rebellious;
19:17 And the woman's voice was broken, and he broke up the reins upon the face of him, and he came down to him, and stretched his feet on his feet, and he turned away from them, and he did not go down.
20: 17 Ib֣ao Abdi֩ Absl֨om Aֽl-has֜h Hb֗ith and Iֽamro֙ Ai֗h Ahim֙atz֙ and Ih֣ont֔n and T֤amr Lhm֙ Hֽas֔h Abr֖o Mic֣l Hm֑im and Ibkso֙ and L֣a Mtz֔ao and Is֖bo Iroslֽm: S.
21: 17 Ih֣i | Ahr֣i Lct֗m and ֽialo֙ Mֽhba֔r and I֣lc֔o and Ig֖do Lm֣lc Do֑d and Iamr֣o Al-do֗d K֣omo and Abr֤o Mhrh֙ At-hm֔im Ci-c֛ch Ia֥tz Alic֖m Ahitֽfl:
22:17 And the LORD rose up, and all the people were destroyed, and the people of Israel were burned down, and the people of the land were burned down, even though they had been burned down by one hand; they were not numbered, but they were not as they were, but they destroyed the Jordan.
23: 17 Ahit֣fl Ra֗h C֣i L֣a Nasth֮ Atzto֒ and Ihb֣s Aֽt-hhm֗or and I֜km and I֤lc Al-bito֙ Al-air֔o and Itz֥o Al-bit֖o and Ihn֑k and I֕mt and Ikb֖r Bk֥br Abֽio: S.
24: 17 And David, the son of Bezah, the son of Mahan, and the father of Absalom, did not go up to the land of Horden, but all the people, and all the people of Israel, went up with his people.
25: 17 At-ams֗a S֧m Absl֛m T֥ht Ioa֖b Al-htzb֑a and Ams֣a Bn-a֗is and Smo֙ Itr֣a Hisral֔i Asr-ba֙ Al-abig֣l Bt-nh֔s Ah֥ot Tzroi֖h A֥m Ioaֽb:
26:17 And the sons of Israel were the sons of Israel, and the fathers of them were the children of Gilead.
27: 17 And there was an angel of the house of David, who was in the midst of the camp, and he returned, and the son of Nahah was sore, and the children of Ammon were with him, and the son of Ammon was with him. And he said to him, "Behold, I am not a man, nor a man, but a man of courage." "The messenger of the LORD!"
28:17 17 And they shall dwell, and they shall be full, and they shall all be gathered together, and they shall be cleansed, and they shall be rich, and they shall be rich;
29: 17 And his father, and his wife, and his wife, and the children of the tribe of Shapiro, reigned in the valley of the valley, and the people of Israel were with them, so that they could not eat it, because they said, "Behold, it is a terrible thing, a terrible thing, and an evil thing, and it is not in the wilderness."
‪xxxx  Chapter 18   (32 verses)‬
1: 18 And David, the captain of the tribe of Asad, slew him, and raised him up: and he brought them up upon them, but they were not, and they were not, and they were not.
2: 18 Isl֨h Do֜d At-ha֗m Hsls֤it Bid-ioab֙ and ֠hslsit Bi֨d Abis֤i Bn-tzroih֙ Ah֣i Ioa֔b and H֨sls֔t Bi֖d At֣i Hgt֑i S. I֤amr Hm֙lc֙ Al-ha֔m Itz֥a Atz֛a Gm-an֖i Amcֽm:
3: 18 I֨amr Ha֜m L֣a Ttz֗a Ci֩ Am-n֨s Nn֜os La-is֧imo Al֣ino L֗b and Am-im֤to Htzi֙no֙ Lֽa-is֤imo Al֙ino֙ L֔b Cֽi-at֥h Cm֖no Asr֣h Alf֑im and At֣h T֔ob Ci-tֽhih-l֥no Ma֖ir * Azir ** Lazֽor: S.
4:18 And the Lord said to them, "Behold, I will go down to you, and I will be with you in your eyes, because I will make a covenant with you, and I will return to you, and I will go to the house of the LORD, and all the people, and all the people, will come to you, and I will come to you, and I will come to you."
5: 18 Itz֣o Hm֡lc At-i֠oab and At-abis֤i and At-ati֙ Lam֔r Lat-l֖i Ln֣ar Labsl֑om and Cl-ha֣m Sma֗o Btzoֺ֥t Hm֛lc At-cl-hsr֖im Al-db֥r Abslֽom:
6: 18 And he gave up the land, the land, and the land, and the land, and the people of Israel, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
7: 18 And they will be there, and they shall be exalted, and they shall be turned away, and they shall turn away from me, and worship them: for I am the Lord, the Lord of the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the most powerful, the most powerful.
8: 18 And it came to pass, that it was the day of the reign of the LORD, that it was not in the midst of the earth, and it was in the heart of the earth, that it was consumed, and that it was consumed by the fire, and the food was consumed, and the food was consumed.
9: 18 Ikra֙ Absl֔om Lfn֖i Abd֣i Do֑d and Absl֞om Rc֣b Al-hf֗rd and Ib֣a Hf֡rd T֣ht Sobc֩ Hal֨h Hgdol֜h and Ihz֧k Ras֣o Bal֗h and Itn֙ B֤in Hsm֙im֙ and B֣in Ha֔rtz and Hf֥rd Asr-tht֖io Abֽr:
10: 18 And he saw that there was another man, and he came to the house of Jacob, and said, Behold, I saw you, and I brought my father to death, but they were not with me,
11: 18 And Joab said to the man, The Maggid was to him, and he, behold, he saw it, and he saw it, and saw it, and it came to pass, that the LORD had given it to him, and that he had given it to him: and he gave it to thee, and he gave it to thee, and he did not do it.
12: 18 I֤amr Hais֙ Al-ioa֔b * and ** and L֨oa [k] Anc֜i Sk֤l Al-cfi֙ A֣lf C֔sf Lֽa-asl֥h Id֖i Al-bn-hm֑lc C֣i Bazn֜ino Tzo֣h Hm֗lc A֠tc and At-abis֤i and At-ati֙ Lam֔r Smro-m֕i Bn֖ar Babslֽom:
13: 18 A man of his own soul was in his soul, that he was bald, and that all things were not with him, but that he was not with thee, and that thou shalt give him strength.
14: 18 And Joab said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not see thy face before thee; and he shall take his wife, who hath captivated him, that is in his hands, and shall be steadfast in him, and shall not be ashamed of them, neither shall they be any more, but they shall be ashamed of the children of God.
15: 18 And Josabo, the son of Asher, rose up to him: the youth of Na נ נ נ֖֖֖֖ כ כ כ כ כ כ כ יו ֣ יו יו֑֑֑ ו ו ו ו ו֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥֥ א א א א א֖֖֖֖֖֖ ֥-א֖֖֖֖֖֖ ֖֖֖֖ ו ו ו ו ו ו ֽֽֽֽֽֽ֥ ו ו ו ו ו ו ו
16: 18 And Jacob loved the people of Bashphar, and he returned to them, and he returned to the land of Israel, and he returned to Israel after that, because he was afraid of you, and he brought the people to the land.
17: 18 Ikh֣o At-absl֗om and Isl֨ico At֤o Bi֙ar֙ Al-hf֣ht Hgd֔ol and Itz֧bo Al֛io Gl-abn֖im Gd֣ol Ma֑d and Cl-isra֔l N֖so A֥is * tent ** Lahlֽio: S.
18: 18 Absl֣m Lk֗h and Itzb-l֤o * Bajío ** Bhiio֙ At-mtz֙bt֙ As֣r Baֽmk-hm֔lc C֤i Amr֙ Aֽin-l֣i B֔n Bab֖or Hzc֣ir Sm֑i and Ikr֤a Lmtz֙bt֙ Al-sm֔o and Ik֤ra Lh֙ I֣d Absl֔m A֖d Hi֥om Hzֽh: S.
19: 18 And Ahaz the son of Tzadok, the son of Zadok, went up, and saw it, and saw the commandment of his father, and he took away his inheritance, because the judge had sent him away: the LORD was his father, because he was his enemy.
20: 18 I֧amr L֣o Ioa֗b La֩ A֨is Bsr֤h Ath֙ Hi֣om Hz֔h and Bsrt֖ Bi֣om Ah֑r and Hi֤om Hzh֙ L֣a Tbs֔r Cֽi- * to ** ** C֥n post- [a] Bn-hm֖lc Mֽt:
21:18 And the LORD said unto him, Wilt thou not be ashamed, for I will go to thee, that thou shalt go out, that thou shalt not see him, that thou shalt not see him; and he shall be ashamed of him, so that he may be ashamed;
22: 18 I֨sf A֜od Ahim֤atz Bn-tzdok֙ and I֣amr Al-ioa֔b and ֣ihi M֔h Arֽtzh-n֥a Gm-a֖ni Ahr֣i Hcos֑i and I֣amr Ioa֗b Lֽmh-z֞h At֥h Rtz֙ Bn֔i and Lc֖h Ain-bsor֥h Mtzֽat:
23: 18 And I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be glad to see you, and I will return to you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
24: 18 And David went up to the gate of the gate, and the gate went up to the north, to the south of Gath, the gate of the mountains, to the south of the city of Judah, and he brought his eyes to the ground, and he saw it, and behold, Ishish saw his flock with his own hands.
25: 18 And he came to the thorn, and he turned to the king, and he came to him, saying, 'What is the matter with thee?' And his hand was in his flesh, in his mouth, and his voice came to thee, and he was cold.
26:18 And the tribe of Zipporah saw that Ish-Aharar was alive, and he came to visit the people of Nazareth, and he said to them, "Behold, the man of the flock is afraid of his children, and he is saying, 'He who is with you is also a man who is ashamed of himself.'
27: 18 And he said unto him, Behold, the trumpet: behold, I have seen it, and I have seen the first thing, and it is the first time of the sons of David, that the son of Zadok, the son of Zadok, is the son of Zadok, and the son of Zadok, the son of Zadok;
28: 18 Ikr֣a Ahim֗atz and I֤amr Al-hm֙lc֙ Sl֔om and Ist֧ho Lm֛lc Laf֖io A֑rtzh S. I֗amr Broc֙ LORD Alh֔ic As֤r Sgr֙ At-h֣ans֔im Asr-nsa֥o At-id֖m Bֽadn֥i Hmֽlc:
29: 18 I֣amr Hm֔lc Sl֥om Ln֖ar Labsl֑om and I֣amr Ahim֡atz Raiti֩ Hhm֨on Hgd֜ol L֠slh At-a֨bd Hm֤lc Ioab֙ and At-abd֔c and L֥a Id֖ati Mֽh:
30: 18 And he said unto the king, Thou shalt go forth, and thou shalt bring forth her anger, and let him go down, and let him go down.
31:18 And he, behold, the threshing-up, he said unto him, Behold, I will say to the thorns, that I will be blessed, and I will judge thee, that I may go to thee, that ye may not be judged: the LORD is the LORD, and the LORD is the one, and all the people of the world are with you.
32: 18 I֤amr Hm֙lc֙ Al-hcos֔i Hsl֥om Ln֖ar Labsl֑om and I֣amr Hcos֗i Ihi֤o Cn֙ar֙ Aֽibi֙ Adn֣i Hm֔lc and C֛l Asr-k֥mo Al֖ic Lraֽh: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 19   (44 verses)‬
1: 19 and Irg֣z Hm֗lc and I֛al Al-ali֥t Hs֖ar and I֑bc and C֣h | Am֣r Blct֗o Bn֤i Abslom֙ Bn֣i Bn֣i Absl֔om Mֽi-it֤n Moti֙ An֣i Tht֔ic Absl֖om Bn֥i Bnֽi:
2: 19 And Joab, the son of Joab, reigned unto thee, and she that is in thy hand, and shewed against the father of them.
3:19 And you shall be satisfied with me, and I will be with you for all your sons.
4: 19 And they shall be condemned to the anger of the people, because this is the voice of the people, because it is not as evil, but as the wicked, the people shall be defiled, and the people will not be defeated, because they have been defeated in their wars.
5:19 And he that hath led thee, hath not taken his face away, and hath taken away the greatness of the children, and of the greatness of the children, and of the children of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel.
6: 19 and Ib֥a Ioa֛b Al-hm֖lc Hb֑it and Iamr֩ Hb֨st Hi֜om At-fn֣i Cl-abd֗ic Hֽmmlt֤im Aֽt-nfsc֙ Hi֔om and A֨t N֤fs Bn֙ic֙ and Bnt֔ic and N֣fs Ns֔ic and N֖fs Flgsֽic:
7: 19 Laֽhbh֙ At-s֣na֔ic and Lsn֖a At-ahb֑ic C֣i | Hg֣dt Hi֗om C֣i A֤in Lc֙ Sr֣im and Abd֔im C֣i | Id֣ati Hi֗om C֠i * t ** L֣o Absl֥om Hi֙ and Cl֤no Hiom֙ Mt֔im Ci-a֖z Is֥r Bainֽic:
8: 19 and Ath֙ K֣om Tz֔a and Db֖r Al-l֣b Abd֑ic Ci֩ Biho֨h Nsb֜ati Ci-ainc֣ Iotz֗a Am-il֨in A֤is Atc֙ Hl֔ilh and Ra֧h Lc֣ Z֗at Mcl-hrah֙ Asr-b֣ah Al֔ic Mnar֖ic Ad-aֽth: S.
9: 19 and I֥km Hm֖lc and I֣sb Bs֑ar and ֽlcl-ha֞m Hg֣ido Lam֗r Hn֤h Hm֙lc֙ Ios֣b Bs֔ar and Ib֤a Cl-ham֙ Lfn֣i Hm֔lc and Isra֔l N֖s A֥is Lahlֽio: S.
10: 19 Ih֤i Cl-ham֙ Nd֔on Bcl-sbt֥i Isra֖l Lam֑r Hm֜lc Htzil֣no | Mc֣f Aib֗ino and H֤oa Mlt֙no֙ Mc֣f Flst֔im and At֛h Br֥h Mn-ha֖rtz Ma֥l Abslֽom:
11: 19 And Abashalam, the wife of Ashar, the son of Moses, fought over us, and raised her up against the men of war, and she gave her to her, and she gave them to them, and she gave them to the LORD, and they brought them to the house of the LORD.
12: 19 Hm֣lc Do֗d S֠lh Al-tzd֨ok and Al-abit֥r Hchnim֮ Lamr֒ Dbr֞o Al-zkn֤i Ihodh֙ Lam֔r L֤mh Tֽhio֙ Aֽhrn֔im Lhs֥ib At-hm֖lc Al-bit֑o and Dbr֙ Cl-isra֔l B֥a Al-hm֖lc Al-bitֽo:
13:19 And you, you, are yourselves, but they are in their flesh, and they are not, and they are not, but they are not, and they are not, and they are not ready to destroy the people.
14: 19 Lֽamsa֙ Tֽmr֔o Hl֛oa Atzm֥i and Bsr֖i A֑th C֣h Iֽash-l֤i Alhim֙ and C֣h Ios֔if Am-l֠a Sr-tzb֞a Thi֧h Lfn֛i Cl-him֖im T֥ht Ioaֽb:
15: 19 And he took away all the people of Judah, as if he were another man, and he sent him away to the house of the king, so that you may go away, and all your works shall be yours.
16: 19 And he who sat down was the one who came to you, and he came to the house of the LORD, and he gave it to him, and he returned to the Haggala, to the land of Israel, and to the land of Galilee, to the west, and to the west, to the west, to the west,
17:19 And the son of Gera, the son of the right handmaid, was born, and he was born, and he was born in the midst of the wilderness, and he became a lion with the people of Judah, Jehoahadah, to receive the land of the LORD.
18: 19 And when the people of Ammon were with him, there was no son of his sons, and he was steadfast, and he was not in the house of the king, neither was he any more, and he was the son of his wife, and his servants, and his servants, and his servants, his servants, and his servants, and his servants.
19: 19 And he said unto him, I am the son of Abraham, I will go to thee, and I will go to thee, and he shall come to thee, and go forth with his eyes, and in his eyes, behold, and hear the voice of the son of Gerah;
20: 19 I֣amr Al-hm֗lc Al-ihsb-l֣i Adni֮ Aoֺn֒ and Al-tzc֗r A֚t As֣r Hao֣h Abdc֔ Bi֕om Asr-iׄtz֥ׄaׄ [4] Adnֽi-hm֖lc Mirֽosl֑m Ls֥om Hm֖lc Al-lbֽo:
Num 21: 19 When your hands go down, I will bring your servants to you, because I am not a sinner, but I am a sinner, and I am with you, because you are my God, and I am the first of them, and I will go to you all, and I will go back to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
22:19 And Abish the son of Zeruiah, saying, Behold, thou shalt not be satisfied with this: for he hath not heard, yet he hath heard it, because he hath cursed the servant of the LORD, even the LORD.
23: 19 I֣amr Do֗d Mh-l֤i and Lcm֙ Bn֣i Tzroi֔h Ci-tֽhio-l֥i Hi֖om Lst֑n Hi֗om I֤omt Ais֙ Bisra֔l C֚i Hl֣oa Id֔ati C֥i Hi֖om Ani-m֥lc Al-israֽl:
24: 19 And he said, "What is your name?" - "Listen to the hearing." "No, you are not dumb, and there is no god but You."
25: 19 Mfb֙st֙ Bn-sa֔ol Ir֖d Lkr֣at Hm֑lc and La-as֨h Rgl֜io and La-as֣h Sfm֗o and At-bgdio֙ L֣a Cb֔s Lmn-hiom֙ L֣ct Hm֔lc Ad-hi֖om Asr-b֥a Bslֽom:
26: 19 And he said, Behold, because the LORD is not worthy of them, but he is not worthy of you, because he is your master, and he is saying to him, 'What is the matter with you?' Why did not you come to the house with me?
27: 19 And he said, O Lord, I am the servant of you, O servant of my servants, because I am the servant of your servant, the servant of my servants, of me, of the law of the LORD, and of all the people of the land, and of the people of the land, because I will not let your servant go away.
28: 19 And I will be filled with your servant, and I will go to Adonai, and I will go to you, and I will go down to you, and I will go down to you, as if all of you are in the midst of God, and I will not do anything to you in your eyes.
29: 19 Ci֩ L֨a Hi֜h Cl-b֣it Ab֗i C֤i Am-ansi-m֙ot֙ Ladn֣i Hm֔lc and T֙st֙ Aֽt-abdc֔ Bacl֖i Slhn֑c and Mh-is-l֥i Aod֙ Tzdk֔h and Lza֥k A֖od Al-hmֽlc: P.
30: 19 And he said unto him, Behold, I am thy servant, that is, thy servant. Thou shalt go forth, O thy lord, thy word, and thou shalt surely see me; and thou shalt not be satisfied; and thou shalt not give up the land of the land.
31: 19 And he said, I am saying to you, Behold, thou shalt go down unto the king, that thou shalt take the hook, and it shall be taken to me, that I may not be afraid of thee, that I may go after thee: for thou shalt go to the house of the house of the LORD.
32: 19 And Barzulai, the king of Galilee, came down from the mountain, and went down, and brought down the king, and he went down to the ground, and sent him to the Jordan, and he went down to the Jordan.
33:19 And Barzulai, Zacchini, the son of Sheman, who was there, and his wife, and his son, and his son, and his sons, and his sons, and his sons, and his sons,
34: 19 And he said unto the king, Go down unto Brazleh, thou art the LORD, and thou shalt not be with me, and thou shalt not be with me;
35:19 And Berezhel said unto him, Come unto me, that I may go to the house of the children of Israel, that I may live, that I may live with you, that I may go down to you.
36: 19 Bn-smn֣im Snh֩ Anc֨i Hi֜om Had֣a | Bin-t֣ob Lr֗a Am-ita֤m Abdc֙ At-as֤r Acl֙ and At-as֣r Ast֔h Am-asm֣a A֔od Bk֖ol Sr֣im and Sr֑ot and Lmh֩ Iֽhi֨h Abdc֥ Aod֙ Lms֔a Al-adn֖i Hmֽlc:
37: 19 When the servant of the servant of thy servants shall not go down, he shall put down the hand of thy hand, and let him die, and he shall be filled with me: and I will give you the money, which shall be given to you.
38: 19 Iֽsb-n֤a Abdc֙ and Am֣t Bair֔i A֛m K֥br Ab֖i and Am֑i and Hn֣h | Abdc֣ Cmh֗m Iֽabr֙ Am-adn֣i Hm֔lc and Ash-l֕o A֥t Asr-t֖ob Bainֽic: S.
39: 19 And he said, "What is the matter with me, that is, Yavu'ar, because I am with them, and I will not do it to you, to bring the hatchet in your eyes, and to the calf, which is to be sacrificed to me, and to the people of the land?"
40: 19 And all the men of the land went up against the fire, and the man went down to you, and took away the water, which brought you to Barzilai, and he rebuked him, and blessed him, and he returned to his place.
41: 19 And the servant of the king went up to the house of the Haggila, and all that was with him, with all his people, and all the people of Judah were with him, and they went on, and they turned away the men, and they went out to them, and crossed them, and the men of Israel went up to them.
42: 19 Hn֛h Cl-a֥is Isra֖l Ba֣im Al-hm֑lc and Iamr֣o Al-hm֡lc Mdoa֩ Gnb֨oc Ah֜ino A֣is Ihod֗h and Iab֨ro At-hm֤lc and At-bito֙ At-hird֔n and Cl-ans֥i Do֖d Amֽo: S.
43: 19 Ian֩ Cl-a֨is Ihod֜h Al-a֣is Isra֗l Cֽi-kr֤ob Hm֙lc֙ Al֔i and L֤mh Zh֙ Hr֣h Lc֔ Al-hdb֖r Hz֑h Hac֤ol Ac֙lno֙ Mn-hm֔lc Am-ns֥at Ns֖a Lֽno: S.
44: 19 I֣an Aֽis-isral֩ At-a֨is Ihod֜h and I֗amr Aֽsr-id֨ot L֣i Bmlc֮ and Gm-bdod֮ An֣i Mmc֒ and Md֙oa֙ Hklt֔ni and La-hi֨h Dbr֥i Ras֛on L֖i Lhs֣ib At-mlc֑i and I֙ks֙ Dbr-a֣is Ihod֔h Mdb֖r A֥is Israֽl: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 20   (26 verses)‬
1: 20 and S֨m Nkr֜a A֣is Bli֗al and Sm֛o S֥ba Bn-bcr֖i A֣is Imin֑i and Itk֣a Bsf֗r and ֠iamr Aֽin-l֨no H֜lk Bdo֗d and L֤a Nֽhlh-l֙no֙ Bbn-is֔i A֥is Lahl֖io Israֽl:
2:20 And all the men of Israel, the children of Israel, went up after another, because of the children of Bechor, and of the children of Judah, that they were in the midst of their kingdom, even though they were in the midst of them, and against the children of Israel.
3: 20 Ib֨a Do֣d Al-bito֮ Irֽoslm֒ and Ik֣h Hm֡lc A֣t Aֽsr-ns֣im | Flgs֡im As֣r Hnih֩ Lsm֨r Hb֜it and ֽitn֤m Bit-msm֙rt֙ and ֽiclcl֔m and Alih֖m La-b֑a and Thi֧inh Tzrr֛ot Ad-i֥om Mt֖n Almn֥ot Hiֽot: S.
4:20 And the word of the king came unto him, saying, Come, I pray thee, thou shalt not go out, let the man of Judah die, that thou shalt be the wife of the dead, and that thou art her servant.
5:20 And he went up to the people, and he did not shake up the LORD, and he was ashamed. And he was afraid of the people that were with him.
6: 20 I֤amr Dod֙ Al-abis֔i At֗h I֧rֽa L֛no S֥ba Bn-bcr֖i Mn-absl֑om A֠th K֞h At-abd֤i Adn֙ic֙ and Rd֣f Ahr֔io Fn-m֥tza L֛o Ar֥im Btzr֖ot and Htz֥il Ainֽno:
7: 20 And his father came out after him, and his men were not with him, neither were they, nor were they, and all the people, and all the men, and all the mighty men, and they came out, and they were rebellious, and they were not;
8: 20 H֗m Am-ha֤bn Hgdolh֙ As֣r Bgba֔on and Ams֖a B֣a Lfnih֑m and Ioa֞b Hg֣or | Md֣o Lbs֗o * and ** came and Al֞io Hg֥or H֙rb֙ Mtzm֤dt Al-mtnio֙ Btar֔h and H֥oa Itz֖a and Tfֽl: S.
9:20 And Joab said unto him, Why hast thou not done this thing, but thou hast given it to me, and I have not seen it yet, and I have not seen it yet, and I have not seen it yet?
10: 20 Ams֨a Lֽa-nsm֜r Bh֣rb | As֣r Bid-ioa֗b and Icho֩ B֨h Al-hh֜ms and Isf֨c Ma֥io A֛rtzh and La-s֥nh L֖o and Im֑t S. Ioab֙ and Abis֣i Ah֔io Rd֕f Ahr֖i S֥ba Bn-bcrֽi:
11: 20 And a man, a man, went up against him, and went up to the house of the children of the tribe of Joan. And he said unto him, Where is the LORD, that is, the son of Abraham, the son of Joseph, the son of David, and the son of David, the son of David?
12: 20 Ams֛a Mtgl֥l Bd֖m Bt֣oc Hֽmsl֑h [p] and I֨ra Ha֜is Cֽi-am֣d Cl-ha֗m and Isb֩ At-ams֨a Mn-hֽmsl֤h Hsdh֙ and Isl֤c Alio֙ B֔gd Cas֣r Ra֔h Cl-hb֥a Al֖io and Amֽd:
13: 20 As a man of valor, he said, "Where is the man, who is the son of the son of Bechor, who is the son of the son of Bechor?"
14: 20 And he went up to the house of the tribe of Shibtah, saying, "Behold, I will not be angry with you, and I will bring you all the people, and all the sons of Israel shall be destroyed, and all the children shall be saved."
15: 20 Ib֜ao and Itz֣ro Al֗io Bab֙lh֙ B֣it Hֽmac֔h and Isfc֤o Sֽllh֙ Al-ha֔ir and ֽtam֖d Bh֑l and Cl-ham֙ As֣r At-ioa֔b Mshit֖m Lhf֥il Hhomֽh:
16: 20 And he cried out, "Behold, I am the woman of wisdom. Behold, I pray thee, hear not; let them hear it. Say: 'We are not going to go, but we shall not be angry;
17: 20 And he came to him, saying, "Behold, I am saying, 'The woman is the LORD.'" And he said, "I have spoken to you, and I have spoken to him, and he has heard the word of the LORD." Then I said to you, "I am your servant, and I am saying, I am the Lord, and I will follow you."
18:20 And David said to David, The son of David was born, and he was born in the wilderness, and the people of Israel were there, and the people of Israel were there, and they were not in their fathers' homes, and so they were destroyed.
19: 20 Now I am full of you, I am not faithful, but I am a woman, and you are a servant, a servant, a servant, a servant, a mother, a wife, a wife, a wife, a wife, a wife, a wife, a mother, a wife, a wife, a wife, a wife, a child or a child.
20:20 And Joan the son of Joab died, and he said unto him, Behold, it is light, and there is no light, but it is not, but the mother of the father of the flock, and the mother of the wife of the wife.
21: 20 La-c֣n Hdb֗r C֡i Ais֩ Mh֨r Afr֜im S֧ba Bn-bcr֣i Sm֗o Ns֤a Ido֙ Bm֣lc Bdo֔d Tnֽo-at֣o Lbd֔o and Alc֖h Ma֣l Ha֑ir and T֤amr Hֽash֙ Al-ioa֔b Hn֥h Ras֛o Msl֥c Al֖ic Ba֥d Hhomֽh:
22: 20 Tboa֩ Has֨h Al-cl-ha֜m Bhcmt֗h and ֽicrt֞o At-r֨as S֤ba Bn-bcri֙ and Isl֣co Al-ioa֔b and Itka֙ Bsof֔r and If֥tzo Mֽal-ha֖ir A֣is Lahl֑io and Ioa֛b S֥b Irosl֖m Al-hmֽlc: S.
23: 20 And all the children of the tribe of Israel were brought up, and the children of Israel were born, and the sons of the children of Judah were on their way to the land of Canaan.
24: 20 And Adham the father of Hamath, and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahil, and the captain of the right handmaiden;
25: 20 And when he was finished, he took up a sword, and stood beside the thorns, and the father of the sons of Israel,
26: 20 And the people of Israel were the ones that were in the midst of the LORD; they were the people of the land; they were the children of David.
‪xxxx  Chapter 21   (22 verses)‬
1: 21 and Ih֣i Rab֩ Bim֨i Do֜d Sl֣s Sn֗im Snh֙ Ahr֣i Sn֔h and Ibk֥s Do֖d At-fn֣i Iho֑h S. I֣amr Iho֗h Al-saol֙ and Al-b֣it Hdm֔im Al-asr-hm֖it At-hgbanֽim:
2: 21 Ikr֥a Hm֛lc Lgban֖im and I֣amr Alih֑m and Hgban֞im L֣a Mbn֧i Isra֣l H֗mh C֚i Am-mi֣tr Hamr֔i and Bn֤i Isral֙ Nsba֣o Lh֔m and Ibk֤s Saol֙ Lhct֔m Bknat֥o Lbnֽi-isra֖l and Ihodֽh:
3:21 And David said unto David, I pray thee unto the Hagbanites, that I will not make them, that I may do them, and in the midst of them I will oppress and bless the inheritance of Yahweh.
4: 21 I֧amro L֣o Hgban֗im Aֽin- * I ** L֜no C֤sf and Zhb֙ Am-sa֣ol and Am-bit֔o and Aֽin-l֥no A֖is Lhm֣it Bisra֑l and I֛amr Mֽh-at֥m Amr֖im Aas֥h Lcֽm:
5:21 And they said unto him, Go, let the man go, and let the woman go down, all of us, and all the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, for we shall not be destroyed, because they shall be destroyed in all the mighty;
6: 21 * And it was given to him, that the men were his sons, and his sons, and the sons of the sons of his sons, and his sons, and the sons of the sons of the children, and the sons of the sons of Israel;
7:21 21 And the king of the tribe of the son of Jehoahon, the son of Shiloh, went up against the captivity of the LORD, and said unto them, Is it not for the children of the children of Israel, but of the children of the children of Israel, and of the children of the children of Israel?
8: 21 and Ik֣h Hm֡lc At-s֠ni Bn֨i Rtzf֤h Bt-aih֙ As֣r Ild֣h Lsa֔ol At-armn֖i and At-mfb֑st and At-hm֗st Bni֙ Mic֣l Bt-sa֔ol As֥r Ild֛h Ladria֥l Bn-brzl֖i Hmhltֽi:
9: 21 ֽitn֞m Bi֣d Hgban֗im and Ikia֤m Bhr֙ Lfn֣i Iho֔h and Ifl֥o * Sbat֖m I֑hd sevenfold ** * and ** and H֨mh Hmt֜o Bim֤i Ktzir֙ Br֣asn֔im * COLA ** Bthl֖t [a] Ktz֥ir Sarֽim:
10: 21 Tk֣h Rtzfh֩ Bt-ai֨h At-hs֜k and Tt֨ho L֤h Al-htzor֙ Mthl֣t Ktz֔ir A֛d Ntc-m֥im Alih֖m Mn-hsm֑im and Lֽa-ntnh֩ A֨of Hsm֜im Ln֤oh Alihm֙ Iom֔m and At-hi֥t Hsd֖h Lֽilh:
11: 21 And it came to pass, to David, that there was a woman, that she did not go into the house of Ruth, but she came to me, and said, Behold, thou shalt not go astray.
12: 21 I֣lc Do֗d and Ik֞h At-atzm֤ot Saol֙ and At-atzmot֙ Ihont֣n Bn֔o Ma֕t Bal֖i Ib֣is Gla֑d Asr֩ Gnb֨o At֜m Mrh֣b Bֽit-s֗n As֨r * was a dream ** Tla֥om * Name * S֙mh֙ Philistines ** ** Flst֔im Bi֨om Hc֧ot Flst֛im At-sa֖ol Bglbֽa:
13: 21 And he went out from there, bringing up the mighty men of Israel; and the people of Israel were afraid of him, and the people of his people were there, because they were with him, and they were not taking away their self, and the people were being put to death.
14: 21 Ikbr֣o At-atzmot-sa֣ol and Ihonֽtn-b֠no Ba֨rtz Bnim֜n Btzl֗a Bk֙br֙ K֣is Ab֔io and ֽias֔o C֥l Asr-tzo֖h Hm֑lc and Iat֧r Alh֛im La֖rtz Aֽhri-cֽn: P.
15: 21 And I came to the house of David from the sea, to the Pharisees, and to Israel, and to the people of David, and to his servants, to his people, and to him, and to the sword of the Philistines, and to the sword of the sword of David.
16: 21 And they sat down and sat down; and the children of the children of Israel went up to him, and the sackcloth, and the sackcloth, and the sackcloth, which had been consumed, was not given to him, but he was ashamed, and he was ashamed, and this was the feast of the new month, and he was saying to him that he should destroy his religion.
17: 21 Iֽazr-lo֙ Abis֣i Bn-tzroi֔h and I֥c At-hflst֖i and Imit֑ho A֣z Nsbao֩ Ansi-do֨d L֜o Lam֗r La-ttz֨a A֤od At֙no֙ Lmlhm֔h and L֥a Tcb֖h At-n֥r Israֽl: P.
18: 21 And I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will be with you, and I will not be with you, nor shall I be ashamed of you.
19: 21 Thi-a֧od Hmlhm֛h Bg֖ob Am-flst֑im and I֡c Alhnn֩ Bn-iar֨i [c] Arg֜im B֣it Hlhm֗i A֚t Gli֣t Hgt֔i and A֣tz Hnit֔o Cmn֖or Argֽim: S.
20: 21 Thi-a֥od Mlhm֖h Bg֑t and Ih֣i | A֣is Counselor ** Md֗on and Atzba֣t Idio֩ and Atzba֨t Rgl֜io S֣s and S֗s Asr֤im and Arba֙ Msf֔r and Gm-h֖oa Il֥d Lhrfֽh:
21: 21 And he brought the people of Israel into the midst of it, and he brought him to him, saying, Behold, I am the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of Judah.
22: 21 And I will bring him to the house of Abarath;
‪xxxx  Chapter 22   (51 verses)‬
1:22 And Dibor the son of David said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be afraid; but this is the voice of the LORD: behold, this day is the day of the LORD, and the LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the One, and all.
2:22 And the LORD said unto the LORD, Behold, thou shalt go down to me, and be merciful to me; and I will be flattered.
3:22 22 O God, beware of me, I will make a covenant with you, that I may protect me, and I will be ashamed of you, and I will be glad to see you, and I will not be afraid of you, nor will I be saved from the heat of my life.
4: 22 Whosoever hath called unto me, O Abraham, O LORD, and thou hast come forth, thou art not ashamed;
5:22 For when I am full of them, I am a captive of the captives of the tribe of Nahlai, in the midst of the children of Yav'athu, because of me.
6:22 Ye shall not be ashamed; but they shall be filled with me, and I shall be full of them.
7: 22 In the fortieth day of my life I will come unto you, O LORD, O LORD, and to God, I will not be afraid of you, nor shall I be afraid of you, nor shall I be afraid of you, neither shall I go astray.
8: 22 * ​​And he shuddered, and rejoiced. [1] [1] And the people trembled, and they rose up from the foundations of the heavens, and they turned away from him, and they were angry with him.
9:22 22 As for Ashan, he was in his abominations, and he was consumed from his mouth, and he was consumed by the gheel, and he was not in his flock.
10:22 And he went down to the sea, and he rose up, and made up his feet with his feet.
11: 22 And he blessed the king, and he turned away, and went up, and saw it on the wings of the river.
12: 22 And the six men of the tribe of Sheshath, who were in the midst of them, were not numbered, and the people of Heshtarath-Miham were not.
13: 22 And he went up against him, saying, "Go up! Go!"
14: 22 The LORD hath taken them out of heaven: for Jehovah is the LORD, and over me, they have been given the voice of his people.
15:22 And the children of Hetz came out, and they scattered them, and they were born, and they were amazed.
16: 22 And they saw that their fathers were gone, that they might be cast off, and that they would be baptized, and they would rise up in the midst of the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD of hosts.
17: 22 And he shall be ashamed of him; he shall take it; and he shall take it; and he shall take it, and I will take it.
18: 22 Ye shall deliver me, and I will not be afraid of them.
19: 22 I will be with you, and I will return to you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you.
20:22 And he gave to the moon, and gave it to me, and it came to pass, that I was afraid, because I was afraid of the heat of my mouth.
21: 22 The LORD shall be full of me, O LORD, as righteousness: but as for the hand of my hand, I will return to you.
22:22 22 For my name is my shepherd, my darling, the LORD is my God, and my Lord is not my God, and I fear you from God.
23: 22 So that all his trial is fulfilled, and his judgments are against him, and his law is not yet.
24: 22 And you shall be ashamed of him, and you shall not be ashamed of him.
25:22 And the LORD sat down, saying, Behold, I am as righteous, but as for me, I will not be afraid of the eyes of his eyes.
26: 22 The people of Hassad, who were scattered with the people of Gibor, were full of them.
27: 22 The people of Nabathar were with Thabibar, and the people of Akeb, the tribe of Tathaphel.
28: 22 And thou shalt not be satisfied with thine eyes, and thy eyes upon the earth shall not be exhausted.
29: 22 And when the eyes of the LORD are light, Jehovah is the LORD, and He is the One, and He is the One who gives light to my senses.
30: 22 For in the midst of it is the greatness of the flesh, and the fear of God: but I will not rejoice.
31: 22 And he said unto him, Thou shalt not go astray, saying, Thou art the LORD, and thou shalt be the trumpet: behold, they are the thorns;
32: 22 Wherefore, from whom have I come down from afar? The LORD is the LORD, and they have been crucified, and are not in the midst of everlasting things.
33: 22 He hath cursed Meuzah, and he hath gone down, and hath turned away from him, and through his ways.
34: 22 He hath made his feet, and his feet, and his feet, and his feet, and his eyes;
35: 22 Shall I not bear the hand of my hand, that I may fight against it, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you, and I will give it to you.
36:22 And thou shalt give me strength: for I will save thee, and thy iniquity, thou shalt multiply me.
37: 22 Thou shalt not rejoice: for Thou shalt give me strength: and thou shalt not be satisfied;
38: 22 And Ardab, the son of Abib, was destroyed, and they were destroyed, and they were not destroyed, and they were not numbered until all their tents were destroyed.
39: 22 And they ate them, and they smote them, and they did not come, and they gathered them, and they went down to them, and they came to them, and they smote the feet of their feet.
40:22 And thou shalt give me strength to fight; thou shalt confess to me, even if thou art not satisfied with me.
41: 22 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt be satisfied with me: but I will not be afraid of the transgressors, and I will bring them to death.
42:22 22 And Moses and Moses went up to the Lord, and the people of Israel came to them.
43: 22 And I will laugh them out, as the horn of the earth shall be like the twinkling of the fire, and I will bring them down, and I will make them firm.
44: 22 And the people of the tribe of Israel were rebellious against me, yet I kept my promise to them, and they were not afraid of them, because they were not my people; they were not my servants; they were my servants.
45: 22 The children of Nihon, the children of Israel, were ashamed of the land, and the people of the land of Israel came to them.
46: 22 The children of Nekh, the son of Nechuloh, and Hagar, were among them, and they were numbered of them.
47: 22 The life of the LORD is upon thee, and the son of the LORD is crucified, and they shall be crucified, and they shall be crucified.
48: 22 And he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not go down; and it shall come to pass, and it shall be given to men, but they shall not come to me.
49: 22 And Moses said, "Behold, I am the son of my son, and I will not be with you, nor shall I be filled with water, but I will not be able to save you."
50: 22 For these are your nations, O Jehovah, they are their brethren, and for your sakes, I will make them happy.
51: 22 * ​​And he magnified himself: and he went up to him, and went to his throne, and sent him to the throne, and sent him to the house of David, and to Zerah,
‪xxxx  Chapter 23   (39 verses)‬
1:23 And David said to him, "Do you know that the sons of Israel are the sons of the sons of Israel?" And the people of the tribe of Judah were born, and the people of the land of Israel were destroyed, and the people of the land were destroyed, and the people of Israel were destroyed.
2:23 And the LORD, the LORD, hath said unto him, Speak unto me, and thou shalt not go down to his tongue.
23: 3 Say, O God, I pray thee, O Israel, I pray thee, O God, O God, O God, O Israel, O Israel, O Israel, O Israel, O Israel, O God, O God, O God, O God!
4:23 And as for the wicked, he was bald, and the fire of the sun was burning, and the cold was not burning, but he came out of the air, from the sea, from the earth, from the earth, from the earth.
5:23 So that they were not so with me, that they were with them, because they were in the land of the children of Israel, but they were not in the land, but they were in the midst of all things, and they were kept silent: for all things were so great, and all things were broken, for they were not.
6:23 And when the children of the children of Israel were brought up, they went out of their way, so that they would not be able to return to their homes.
7:23 And a man, who was angry with them, was filled with anger, and the anger of Hanan came to pass, and in the midst of him was a message of joy, and the voice of the LORD was revealed.
8: 23 A֛lh Sm֥ot Hgbr֖im As֣r Ldo֑d Is֨b Bs֜bt Thcmn֣i | R֣as Hsls֗i H֚oa Adin֣o * Hatzno ** Hֽatzn֔i Al-smn֥h Ma֛ot Hl֖l Bf֥am * One S ** Ahֽt:
9: 23 * and ** and Ahr֛io Alaz֥r Bn- * Daddy Dd֖o Bn-ahh֑i Bsls֨h ** * ** Hgbr֜im Am-do֗d men Bhֽrf֤m Bflstim Nasfo-s֣m Lmlhm֔h and ֽial֖o A֥is Israֽl:
10: 23 H֣oa Km֩ and I֨c Bflst֜im A֣d | Cֽi-iga֣h Id֗o and Tdb֤k Ido֙ Al-hh֔rb and I֧as Iho֛h Tsoa֥h Gdol֖h Bi֣om Hh֑oa and Ha֛m Is֥bo Ahr֖io Ac-lfsֽt: S.
11:23 And after him he made a name for himself, the son of Agu, but he was rebellious, and he came to him, and he gave him bread, and he gave them bread, and he gave them bread, and he gave them bread, and he gave them bread, and he gave them bread, and he gave them bread, and he gave them bread, and they gave them bread.
12: 23 And he cast a bounty in the thorn of the thorn, and he delivered it, and brought it to Pharaoh, and it came to pass, and the LORD made it to him that he should not go into the land.
13: 23 And they went down, and they were three hundred and fifty, and they came to the house of the king, and they came to the house of Katzir, so that they could not go down to the west, but the people of Adon were there, and they lived in Philistia, because they were not eager for them, but they were in the midst of rapture.
14: 23 And David went down to Mezuz with his strength, and he came to the Philistines, but they were not there, but they were not with them.
15: 23 And Joetha the son of David, and he rose up, saying, "Behold, I love thee, that I may be worthy of them, and I will not be with them."
16: 23 Ibkao֩ Sl֨st Hgbr֜im Bmhn֣h Flst֗im and Iֽsabo-m֙im֙ Mb֤ar Bֽit-l֙hm֙ As֣r Bs֔ar and Isa֖o and Ib֣ao Al-do֑d and L֤a Abh֙ Lstot֔m and Is֥c At֖m Lֽihoֽh:
17: 23 And the word of the Chaldean was given to me, saying, "Oh, my God, I am the one who has committed these things, the people of the Lord, they are the men of the souls of the Lord, for they are in their souls, and they are not, nor are their fathers, but they have been saved, but they have not done them, but they have not done any thing that is mighty."
18: 23 And Abishah, the son of Zeruiah, the son of Zeru, the son of Zeraih, the threshing-serpent, was the thief, and he was the captain of the tribe of Hathanath, and his wife was over him, and he was not afraid of the children of the Chaldeans, nor of them that were in the land of Samaria.
19: 23 From the threescore, behold, I have been blessed, and they have been turned to them, to them, to the west, and to the south of the south, even to the west.
20: 23 Bni֨ho Bn-ihoid֧a Bn-aֽis- * Living ** H֛il Rb-fal֖im Mֽkbtza֑l H֣oa Hc֗h A֣t Sn֤i Aral֙ Moa֔b and ֠hoa Ir֞d and Hc֧h Aֽt- * Lion ** Har֛i Bt֥oc Hb֖ar Bi֥om Hsֽlg:
21: 23 Hoa-hch֩ At-a֨is Mtzr֜i * that ** A֣is Mra֗h and Bi֤d Hmtzri֙ Hn֔it and I֥rd Al֖io Bs֑bt and Igz֤l Aֽt-hhnit֙ Mi֣d Hmtzr֔i and Ihrg֖ho Bhnitֽo:
22:23 23 The children of Israel did this to him, son of Yahweh, and he and his son were numbered in the midst of them, and Hagoroth was rebellious.
23:23 23 From the third day they came back to the house of the Lord, and they did not return to him, and did not bring him into the house of the Lord.
24: 23 And Esau-Elohim, the brother-in-law of Joel, begged the son of Ahadon, the son of David, who was with him for their inheritance.
25: 23 There is no god but God, and He is the Lord, and He is the Lord.
26: 23 And the children of the Philistines were with me; the city of Israel was the son of Jacob;
27: 23 The father of the children of Zechariah, the son of Moses, the son of Moses, the son of Moses, the son of Moses.
28: 23 צלמון ה֙הֽאֲח֔ח֔י מַ מהה֖ר֖י הַ הננְּּטפפתתֽֽ:: ס.
29: 23 And the children of Babaan, the son of Baba, the son of Nathopoth, were not my children, son of Rebekah, even of the tribe of Gethsemane, son of Benjamin, son of Benjamin.
30: 23 The children of the children of Israel, of the tribe of Pharisees, of the children of Israel, of Hidah, of the tribe of Nahli, of Gilead.
31: 23 I am the father of the Lord, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty.
32: 23 And unto the children of Heshon, the sons of Laban, the children of Jeshon;
33: 23 There is no god but God, Lord of the Universe, I am the Lord of the flesh.
34: 23 Elijah the son of Ahasab, the son of the Amazahite, is not Elijah the son of Ahijith, the captain of the Gileonites?
35: 23 * Hazzaro ** my son, the son of the king, the son of the king, the son of the king;
36: 23 The son of Nethan, the son of Nathan, went up to the house of the children of Simeon, the Haggadah.
37: 23 And the children of the sons of Tzarai, the son of Zeraih, were called Nahrai;
38: 23 The city of Hittorai, Gareth the son of Hittereth .:
39: 23 אֽהּֽרִיי֙ה֙ה֙הֽהתת֔ת֔י כה כה֖ל שה שללֹש֥֥ש ושבשֽעֽה:ה פ
‪xxxx  Chapter 24   (25 verses)‬
1:24 And the sword of the sword came upon the LORD, and it came to pass, and the people of Israel came to him, and they brought the people of the house of Judah into the house of Amor, the son of Israel, and brought Judah and Judah together.
2: 24 and I֨amr Hm֜lc Al-ioa֣b | Sr-hh֣il Asr-at֗o Sֽot-n֞a Bcl-sbt֤i Isral֙ Mdn֙ and Ad-ba֣r S֔ba and Fkd֖o At-ha֑m and I֣dat֔i A֖t Msf֥r Haֽm: S.
3: 24 I֨amr Ioa֜b Al-hm֗lc and Ios֣f Ihoh֩ Alh֨ic Al-ha֜m Ch֤m | and Chm֙ Ma֣h Fam֔im and Ain֥i Adnֽi-hm֖lc Ra֑ot and Adn֣i Hm֔lc L֥mh Hf֖tz Bdb֥r Hzֽh:
4: 24 And he took the word of the king, saying unto him, Behold, the children of Israel are in the midst of the sea, and the children of Israel are in the midst of the sea, and the children of Israel are in the midst of the sea.
5:24 And he went up to see the Jordanites, and he stood in the midst of the mountains, and the people of the land were burning, so that they were not in the midst of the threshing-floor, nor of the goats.
6:24 And the children of the tribe of Gilead came to him, and to the land of Israel, they were new, and they were new, and they came to him, and they came to the house of David, and they turned away from them.
7: 24 And it came to pass, that it was [the] fortieth day of the fortieth day, and all the mountains of the land, and the land of the land, and the land of the land, and the land of the land, and the land of the land of Judah.
8: 24 And they dwelt among all the children, and they came to them, and they were satisfied with them, and they were satisfied with them, they were new, and they were rich, and they were rich, and their wives were destroyed.
9: 24 and It֥n Ioa֛b At-msf֥r Mfkd-ha֖m Al-hm֑lc and Th֣i Isra֡l Smnh֩ Ma֨ot A֤lf Aֽis-h֙il֙ S֣lֽf H֔rb and A֣is Ihod֔h Hms-ma֥ot A֖lf Aֽis:
10: 24 I֤c Lb-dod֙ At֔o Ahri-c֖n Sf֣r At-ha֑m S. I֨amr Do֜d Al-iho֗h Ht֤ati Mad֙ As֣r As֔iti and At֣h Iho֔h Hֽabr-na֙ At-aoֺ֣n Abdc֔ C֥i Nsc֖lti Maֽd:
11: 24 And David rose up, and saw the voice of the son of Korph, saying, "Behold, the LORD has come to the house of G-d, the son of Sheba, who is the son of David, the son of David."
12: 24 Behold, thou shalt speak, and speak unto me, O Lord, O LORD, beware of the LORD thy God;
13: 24 Iba-g֥d Al-do֖d and Igd-l֑o and I֣amr L֡o Htb֣oa Lc֣ Sֽba Sn֣im | Ra֣b | Bartz֡c Am-sls֣h H֠dsim Nsc֨ [c] Lfnֽi-tzr֜ic and H֣oa Rdf֗c and Am-h֠iot Sl֨st Im֥im D֙br֙ Bartz֔c Ath֙ D֣a and Ra֔h Mh-as֥ib Slh֖i Dbֽr : S.
14: 24 And the Lord said unto him, I pray thee, I pray thee, thou shalt not go down to me, nor shall I go down to the house of Jehovah, but to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him, and to him,
15: 24 And Jehovah, behold, the LORD, hath dwelt in the land of Israel, because of his death, he hath been cold, and he hath gone down from the midst of the earth, and he hath been dead from the midst of the earth, from afar, and from afar, and from afar, to the west, and to the east, to the west,
16: 24 Islh֩ Id֨o Hmla֥c | Irֽoslm֮ Lshth֒ and In֤hm Ihoh֙ Al-h֣ra֔h and ֠iamr Lmla֞c Hmsh֤it Bam֙ R֔b At֖h H֣rf Id֑c and Mla֤c Ihoh֙ Hi֔h Am-g֖rn * ** Har֥onh Hibsֽi: Oren S.
17: 24 Iamr֩ Do֨d Al-iho֜h Brat֣o | Aֽt-hmla֣c | Hmc֣h Ba֗m and I֙amr֙ Hn֨h Anc֤i Ht֙ati֙ and Anc֣i Hao֔iti and A֥lh Htz֖an M֣h As֑o Th֨i N֥a Idc֛ B֖i and Bb֥it Abֽi: P.
18: 24 And it came to GOD, unto God, that I may return unto him, and behold, I am saying unto him, I will go up to the land of Hatham, and I will return to him, and he shall return to the land of Israel.
19:24 And David went up to David, saying, As the LORD commanded her, the LORD commanded her.
20: 24 And he desired the sight of the LORD, and he saw the king, and his servant, and his servants, and his sons, and his sons, and his sons, and his sons, and his sons, and his sons;
21: 24 I֣amr Ar֔onh Md֛oa B֥a Adnֽi-hm֖lc Al-abd֑o and I֨amr Do֜d Lkn֧ot Mamc֣ At-hg֗rn Lbn֤ot Mzb֙h֙ Lֽiho֔h and Tatz֥r Hmgf֖h Ma֥l Haֽm:
22: 24 And he said, Aron, behold, I am the God of the Lord, and I am the Lord of the heavens, and the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the earth, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel, and of the children of Israel.
23: 24 And he said unto him, Behold, I am going to go into the wilderness, and say, Aron, behold, I am going to the house of Yahweh, O God, thy God is thy inheritance.
24: 24 I֨amr Hm֜lc Al-ar֗onh L֚a [c] Cֽi-kn֨o Akn֤h Maֽotc֙ Bmh֔ir and L֧a Aal֛h Liho֥h Alh֖i Al֣ot Hn֑m and I֨kn Do֤d At-hg֙rn֙ and At-hbk֔r Bc֖sf Skl֥im Hmsֽim:
25: 24 And the children of the tribe of David, the son of Moses, the son of Moses, the son of Moses, the son of Lazarus, the son of Levi, rose up to him, and went up to the house of the LORD, saying, "Behold, the LORD is the LORD, the Lord of the earth, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty."
‪xxxx    End of 2 Samuel (24 chapters, 695 verses).
