‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.45. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Zechariah (14 chapters, 211 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (17 verses)‬
1: 1 Behold, it is the day of the sixth day, that is, in the year of the sixth day, for the generations of the people of Israel, the language of the word of the LORD, the Son of Zechariah, the son of the son of Berkiah, the son of Idan, the son of Abraham, the son of Abraham.
2: 1 And the LORD commanded him, saying, I am against thy father, and thou shalt give them bread;
3: 1 And thou hast said unto them, Thus saith, Thou art, O LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of God, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord!
4: 1 Al-thi֣o Cabֽtic֡m As֣r Kraֽo-alihm֩ Hnbia֨im Hrֽasn֜im Lam֗r C֤h Amr֙ LORD Tzba֔ot S֤obo Na֙ Mdrcic֣m Hra֔im * and Malilicm ** and Mֽallic֖m [U] Hֽra֑im and L֥a Sma֛o and Lֽa-hks֥ibo Al֖i Nam-ihoֽh:
5: 1 I am not sure whether they have come to them, but that they have come to them, and they will not return.
6: 1 A֣c | Dbr֣i and Hk֗i As֤r Tzo֙iti֙ At-abd֣i Hnbia֔im Hl֥oa Hs֖igo Abtic֑m and Is֣obo and Iamr֗o Cas֨r Zm֜m Iho֤h Tzbaot֙ Las֣ot L֔no Cdrc֙ino֙ and Cm֣all֔ino C֖n As֥h Atֽno: S.
7: 1 Biom֩ Asr֨im and Arba֜h Lastֽi-as֥r H֙ds֙ Hoa-h֣ds Sb֔t Bsn֥t St֖im Ldri֑os Hi֣h Dbr-iho֗h Al-zcrih֙ Bn-b֣rci֔ho Bn-ad֥oa Hnb֖ia Lamֽr:
8: 1 See, I have seen it, and behold, I am a man, and I am a robe, and I will not go down against them. And behold, I am not with you, but I am not in the midst of destruction, but I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
9: 1 And he said unto him, What is he, O Lord, I am Adonai? And he said unto me, Behold, I am full of thee, that thou shalt bear witness, but I will not see thee, and I will see thee: wherewith thou art?
10: 1 And the people of the people were among them, and they were among the children of Hadas. [U] And he said unto him, As it is, that the LORD hath given it to thee, that it may come to thee in the midst of the earth.
11: 1 And the people of Israel went up to Me, because the LORD was with them, and he went up to them, saying, "Behold, there is no god but God." He said, "Behold, we have given you a place in the land, and we have given it all the earth, which is rich in seed, and in drink."
12: 1 And the messenger of God said to him, "O Jehovah, O LORD, the LORD is the LORD, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe!" "You are the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Lord." The LORD said to him, "I am the LORD, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Lord, the Son of God, the Son of God."
13: 1 And Yahweh, the LORD, hath brought the fullness of the house, which is in the house of the LORD, in the midst of it, saying, "They are not good, they are speaking, they are speaking."
14: 1 And he said unto him, Behold, I will not go into the house of the LORD, but in the midst of the land of Korah, behold, the LORD hath said unto him, Am I, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, I beseech thee, O LORD, I pray thee, that I may bow down to them, that I may be ashamed of them?
15: 1 And I will not go down to greatness, but I will go down to the land of G-d, but I will not be afraid of them, but I will not be afraid of them, but I will not be afraid of them, nor will I be afraid of them.
16: 1 For they are like the Amorites, because the LORD, the LORD, is the one who gave birth to Yerushalayim, and they are in the house of the LORD, and they are the sons of Israel, and the sons of Israel, the sons of Israel, are the sons of Israel, the sons of Israel, the inhabitants of the land, and the inhabitants of the land.
17: 1 And he said unto him, O LORD, say unto the LORD, Thou shalt go down: thou shalt be satisfied with them; and the LORD shall be with them; and the LORD shall be with them, and they shall be with them, and they shall be destroyed.
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (17 verses)‬
1: 2 And he saw the eyes of the eye, and he saw it, and behold it, I brought forth the horn of his eyes.
2: 2 And he said unto the king, Behold, thou shalt not be afraid of me; and what is it that I say unto thee, I beseech thee, the horns, that thou shalt not bring forth the seed of Yahweh, but thou shalt bring the people of Israel unto Jeruselah ?: [U]
3: 2 And the LORD saw me, the LORD was four hundred, and he was deaf;
4: 2 and Am֕r M֛h A֥lh Ba֖im Lֽas֑ot and I֣amr Lam֗r A֣lh Hkrn֞ot Asr-z֣ro At-ihod֗h Cfi-ais֙ La-ns֣a ​​Ras֔o and Ib֤ao A֙lh֙ Lhhr֣id At֔m Lid֞ot At-krn֣ot Hgoi֗m Hnsa֥im K֛rn Al-a֥rtz Ihod֖h Lzrotֽh: S.
5: 2 And it was not the eyes of the people, but the people were there, and the people were there, and their children were in the midst of their midst.
6: 2 And he said unto him, Behold, thou art not worthy, O God, thy lord; and he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not bear witness, but they shall not be afraid; but they shall see it, and behold it, it shall be broad, and it shall be as far as I can see it.
7: 2 And behold, it is full of you, and it is in the house of the LORD, that it may be brought forth, and that it may come to you, that it may be worthy of it, that it may not see its ways.
8: 2 And the Lord said unto him, [Q] [Q] The Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Son, the Son of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Merciful, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, and the Lord.
9: 2 And I said unto him, Behold, behold, there is no nation, O LORD, that is, the earth, and the heavens, and the earth, and the sea, and the wood, and the wood, and the wood;
10: 2 The Lord, the Lord of the worlds, and the people of the land, the people of Zion, the people of Zion, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
11: 2 The children of Zion, the children of Meloth, were Jehoshabath the daughter of Bambhel.
12: 2 When I say to her, Yea, behold, the tribes of Israel, the sons of the captives, are afraid of the ship, and I am against them, because I have despised them, because they are not their enemies, because the angler is in them, and he is angry with the heart, and the eyes of his enemies are not with him.
13: 2 For they have given me life for my children, for they have gone up against them, and they have been given to their servants, for they have been, and they have been afraid of them, for they are not worthy of the LORD, but the LORD is the captain of the tribe of Shalah.
14: 2 Behold, I am glad and glad to be the daughter of Tzion, because I am with you, and you shall dwell in your midst, and I will give you hope.
15: 2 And they shall be turned away: for they are great, they are not in the house of Jehovah, but they are the children of this land, and they have been put to death, because they are not in their midst, nor have you been forgotten; but in your midst, and in your hands, because Jehovah is the LORD, the captain of the tribe of Shalah, because I am not your God.
16: 2 And Jehoel, the son of Jehoiada, brought Jehuda out of the house, and the children of Israel were destroyed, and the people of the land were destroyed, and they were destroyed in the city of Jerusalem.
17: 2 Whosoever shall be ashamed of all the children of the LORD shall be ashamed of me: for the LORD shall be with him;
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (10 verses)‬
1: 3 And they saw the LORD, and the people of the house, the priests, and the men of the tribe of Israel, were standing before the face of the LORD, saying, "Behold, the LORD, the LORD, and the people of Israel, shall not go up against the people of his land, but let him be his ruler."
2: 3 And the Lord said, O LORD, come to the God of the LORD, he will come to the LORD, and he will come to you in the midst of the LORD, and the LORD will come to you, and the LORD will come to you, and the LORD will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
3: 3 And Jehoashua, behold, they came to him, and they went to Gad, and they came to Zion, and went up before the face of the king.
4: 3 and I֣an and I֗amr Al-hamd֤im [C] Lfnio֙ Lam֔r Hs֛iro Hbgd֥im Htza֖im Mal֑io and I֣amr Al֗io Ra֨h Hab֤rti Mal֙ic֙ Aoֺn֔c and Hlb֥s Atc֖ Mhltzֽot:
5: 3 And Amor, the captain of the tribe of Ziyon, of Tzanaim, of blessed memory, went up to the top of his head, and brought it to him, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the land of the LORD.
6: 3 And it came to pass, that the LORD was with thee, the LORD thy God, the son of Abraham;
7: 3 Ch-am֞r LORD Tzba֗ot Am-bdrc֤i Tlc֙ and A֣m At-msmrt֣i Tsm֔r and Gm-ath֙ Td֣in At-bit֔i and G֖m Tsm֣r At-htzr֑i and Ntt֤i Lc֙ Mhlc֔im B֥in Hamd֖im Haֽlh:
8: 3 And when the people of Israel went down, they went to the house of the LORD, saying, "Behold, the LORD is your servant." And he said, "Behold, I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you."
9: 3 C֣i | Hn֣h Ha֗bn As֤r Nt֙ti֙ Lfn֣i Ihos֔a Al-a֥bn Ah֖t Sba֣h Ain֑im Hnn֧i Mft֣h Fth֗h Nam֙ LORD Tzba֔ot and Mst֛i At-aoֺ֥n Haֽrtz-hh֖ia Bi֥om Ahֽd:
10: 3 Behold, this man is not worthy, but Jehovah, O LORD, hath commanded the people of the land to be called, and the people of the land have come to him, to him, to the land of Gibeon, and to the land of Tantanah.
‪xxxx  Chapter 4   (14 verses)‬
1: 4 And he returned to the house, and he returned to the house of David, and he rose up to me, as if he were a man, who was afraid of his flock.
2: 4 And I֣amr Al֔i M֥h At֖h Ra֑h * and ** said, and Am֡r Ra֣iti | and Hn֣h Mnort֩ Zh֨b Cl֜h and Gl֣h [U] Al-ras֗h and Sba֤h Nrt֙ih֙ Al֔ih Sba֤h and Sbah֙ Mֽotzk֔ot Lnr֖ot As֥r Al-rasֽh:
3: 4 And the two men were numbered, and they were no more, and each was more precious than the mighty, and the mighty was the chief of the people of Israel.
4: 4 And the people of Israel went to the house of the king, and he returned to the house of the king, and he returned to the house of the LORD.
5: 4 And the people of the house returned to the house of David, saying, Behold, I am saying unto you, Behold, I am not afraid, but I am afraid of you. What is the truth, and I am saying to you, and I am not afraid of this?
6: 4 And it came to pass, that the Lord said unto him, Amen, the son of Zerubbeh, the son of Zerubbeh, the son of Zerub, the son of Zerub, the son of Zerba, the son of Levi, the son of Zerah;
7: 4 מֽי-אי- אתת֧ה֧הֽהֽהגהגגּ֛ד֛ה֛ה֛ה ל לִלפפננ֥י זן זררבב֖ב֖ב לממישש֑֑ר֑ה והווהוצ֙א֙ה א֣ת֣ב֣ב֣ב הן הֹראשא֔ש֔ש֔ה האתשש֕א֕ה֕ה֕ה הֹהֹא֥ש֔ה֔ה לֽהֽאֽה:ה ה֖ה:אֽה:ה ה֖ה:אֽה:ה הֹה:אֽה:ה הֹהֽאֽה:ה הֹהֽאֽה:ה הֹהֽאֽה:ה הֹהֽאֽה:ה אּהֽה:ה הֹהֽאֽה:ה אּהֽה:ה הֹהֽאֽה:ה הֹהֽאֽה:ה הֹהֽאֽה:ה אּהֽה:ה הֹהֽה:ה הֹהֽאֽה:ה הֹהֽה:ה אּהֽה:ה הֹהֽה:ה הֹהֽה:ה הֹהֽאֽה:ה הֹהֽאֽה:ה הֹהֽה:ה אּהֽה:ה הֹהֽה:ה הֹהֽאֽה הֹהֽאֽה הֹהֽאֽה הֹהֽאֽה ל לְהֽהֽה:ה הֹהֽאֽה הֹהֽה:ה הֹהֽה:ה הֹהֽאֽה הֹהֽה:ה הֹ
8: 4 And behold, the word of the LORD came unto me;
9: 4 The children of Zerubbab, the son of Jezreel, have been destroyed, and this is their father, and this is the commandment, and their hands are not satisfied, and the knowledge of them is so great, because the LORD-Yahweh is the captain of the tribe of Israel, because I am sending them to you.
10: 4 Behold, the children of the children of Israel, the children of Israel, have been destroyed, and the people of the land have been destroyed, and the people of the land have been destroyed.
11: 4 And Aman, and Amor, the son of Elijah, were there two hundred and fifty, and these were the ones that were numbered, and the people were not given to the children of the river, nor the children of Shemur, nor the children of Shemuel.
12: 4 And the people of the tribe of Simeon went astray, and said unto him, Why are you not satisfied with me, that is, I will not be able to return to the land, and I will return to the land of Israel, and I will return to the land of Israel, and I will return to the land of Israel, and the land of Israel will be destroyed.
13: 4 And he said unto me, Behold, I am saying unto you, Behold, I am afraid of thee, and I am afraid of thee, and I am not afraid: behold, I am not with thee.
14: 4 And he said unto them, Behold, I am the son of the children of Hitzah: for the children of Amidah are standing on the ground, and all the children of the land.
‪xxxx  Chapter 5   (11 verses)‬
1: 5 And Moses went up, and went up to Enen, and he came to see her, and behold, she came from Megillah, the son of Ephraim.
2: 5 And he said unto him, O LORD, behold, thou hast said unto me, Verily, behold, I will see, I will see, behold, I will not be able to return to the land of Israel, but I will give thee strength, and I will give thee strength, and I will see thee, and thou shalt be satisfied with her.
3: 5 And he said unto him, Behold, thou shalt not be satisfied with him; for he hath brought thee down against the face of all the children of the land: for all the garden is full of it, and so is it, that is, the bread of it, and it is full of it, and all that is, that is, it shall return to its soil, so that it may be consumed.
4: 5 Hotzat֗ih Nam֙ LORD Tzba֔ot and B֙ah֙ Al-b֣it Hgn֔b and Al-b֛it Hnsb֥a Bsm֖i Ls֑kr and L֙nh֙ Bt֣oc Bit֔o and Cl֖to and At-atz֥io and At-abnֽio:
5: 5 And he brought the whole thing to you, saying, Do not be afraid of me, and I say unto you, Behold, thou shalt not see thy eyes, nor thy eyes, nor thy eyes, nor thy eyes, nor thy eyes.
6: 5 And he said unto him, What is it, that is, and he hath said unto Moses, I beseech thee, I beseech thee, thou shalt not go, and thou shalt say, Thou shalt not see the eyes of the children of all the earth.
7: 5 And behold, it was as though the women of the tribe of Neshath were dying; and this was the wife of the wife of the son of Judah.
8: 5 And he said unto Moses, Behold, thou shalt bring evil unto the LORD: and thou shalt bring him unto thee: for thou art foolish, and thou art foolish; and he hath brought thee down unto the son of the son of Ephaph unto the house of Phpiah.
9: 5 and As֨a Ain֜i and A֗ra and Hnh֩ St֨im Ns֤im Iֽotzaot֙ and R֣oh Bcnfih֔m and Lh֥nh Cnf֖im Ccnf֣i Hhsid֑h and Ts֙anh֙ At-h֣aif֔h B֥in Ha֖rtz and B֥in Hsmֽim:
10: 5 And he said unto the king, Behold, thou shalt be diligent in the house;
11: 5 And he said unto them, Behold, the children of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel.
‪xxxx  Chapter 6   (15 verses)‬
1: 6 And he rose up, and went up to me, and he saw me, and behold, I saw him, and I brought him forth, and he brought down the pillars of the house, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the mountains, the mountains, and the mountains.
2: 6 In Merkaba, there is a mountain of trees, and there is a mountain, and there is a valley, and there is no earth, and there is no earth, and there is no rain.
3: 6 And in Merkabah, the threescore is the sixth, and the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel, and the sons of Merkheba, the four hundred, and the people of Bordah, they were not numbered.
4: 6 And the people of Israel went up to the house of the king, saying unto him, Thou shalt go down to the house of the LORD, that thou mayest be with me.
5: 6 And I will be full of you, and I will say unto you, O LORD, I will bring forth unto thee the multitude of the heavens, and the earth shall be exalted, and it shall be given to me that I will give up all the seed of the earth.
6: 6 When the people of the land were gathered together, they returned to the land of Israel, and they came to Zion, and the sons of the tribe of Zephon, and the sons of Israel, came out to them, and to them, and to their families, and to the tribe of Barodah, they went out to Israel, to the land of the Temples.
7: 6 And the Amorites came out, and went out to him, and asked him, saying, Why did you not come to the house of the LORD? And he said unto you, Behold, thou art saying unto thee, Thou shalt come unto thee in the land, and thou shalt surely bow down in the midst of the earth.
8: 6 And he shook up Me, and he spoke to me, saying, "Behold, I will see it, seeing that the children of Israel have come to the land of Israel, and the people of Zephon will not raise up the wind in the land of Tzipp."
9: 6 And there came to me a word of the LORD, saying, 'Behold, I am not a believer.'
10: 6 Lk֙oh֙ Ma֣t Hgol֔h Mhld֕i and Ma֥t Tobi֖h and Ma֣t Idֽai֑h and Bat֤ Ath֙ Bi֣om Hh֔oa and B֗at B֚it Iasi֣h Bn-tzfni֔h Asr-b֖ao Mbbֽl:
11: 6 And he took the sword of the sword, and carried it out, and did it, and put it in the fire, and put it on the head of the son of Jehoshaho, the son of Jehoiadzah.
12: 6 And he said unto him, Behold, the LORD hath said, Surely the LORD hath said, O LORD, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD.
13: 6 And the son of Yahweh saw the king of the LORD, and he saw him, and he saw him, and he went down to the house of the king of Caesarea, and he came to him, as though he were standing on his throne, and his people were there, and they were not, and they were there, because they were not there.
14: 6 And the penance, which is the word of the LORD, is the word of the LORD, and it is the word of the Lord, and it is written unto the children of the sons of Zephaniah, the son of Zephaniah, the son of Zephron, the son of Jehoah, the son of Jehoah.
15: 6 And Harokhim: Yabo, O son, and son, are they in the house of Yahweh, and Yahweh, because of them, because they are the sons of Yahweh, the sons of Zepha, the sons of the Chaldeans, and of them, the children of Israel, and of them, and of them, and of them, and of them, and of them;
‪xxxx  Chapter 7   (14 verses)‬
1: 7 And I will be in the midst of two years, and I will multiply to my generation, and I will give you my inheritance: behold, the word of the LORD shall come upon me, to my memory, and in the land of the LORD, I will go into the land of the ninth day, in the midst of his throne.
2: 7 And he sent a servant, a servant, a servant, a servant, a man, and a man, and his wife, and his wife;
3: 7 Behold, unto the children of the sons of Israel, I have given up the inheritance of the house of Yahweh, the tribe of Zaboath, and the Nabeans, for I am not worthy of the LORD, that is, the fifth day, the fifth day of the fifth month, that I may be ashamed, as as the LORD hath done.
4: 7 And he said, "Speak unto me, O LORD, O son of Zephah;
5: 7 And he said unto them, All the people of the land, and unto the priests, saying unto them, Behold, thou shalt not cling unto them; and they shall be gathered in the fifth day, and by the seventh day, and this is the seven days of the day that the LORD hath given them.
6: 7 And you shall eat it, and you shall be satisfied with it, and you shall be satisfied with it, and it shall not be consumed, and you shall be satisfied with it.
7: 7 Hl֣oa At-hdbr֗im As֨r Kr֤a Ihoh֙ Bid֙ Hnbia֣im Hrֽasn֔im Bhi֤ot Irosl֙m֙ Is֣bt and Slo֔h and Ar֖ih Sbibt֑ih and Hn֥gb and Hsfl֖h Isֽb: P.
6: 7 And there was a word of the word of the LORD, the word of God, that is, of Zachari, the son of Lazarus.
9: 7 Thus the LORD, the LORD, is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, and the LORD.
10: 7 And Amen, and you shall be filled with grief, and I will be with you: for I have done thine heart, and I have gone astray, but there is no man, and there is no man, neither shall I be ashamed of thee, neither shall I be ashamed of thee.
11: 7 And they came to trouble him, and they gave him bread, and he gave them bread, and his ears, and they gave them bread, because of their food.
12: 7 and Lb֞m S֣mo Sm֗ir M֠smoa At-htor֤h and At-hdbrim֙ As֨r Sl֜h Iho֤h Tzbaot֙ Broh֔o Bi֖d Hnbia֣im Hrֽasn֑im and ֽihi֙ K֣tzf Gd֔ol Ma֖t Iho֥h Tzbaֽot:
13: 7 And there was a place where the people of Korah were, and they were not, that they had come to them, that they might read it, and that they did not go astray, but the LORD, the LORD, was the captain of the tribe of Judah.
14: 7 And all the men of all the nations of the world went astray, and as the people of the land went down, and there was no land, neither was there any land, neither the land nor the land, nor the land, nor the land, nor the land, nor the land, nor the land, nor the land, nor the land, nor the land, nor the land.
‪xxxx  Chapter 8   (23 verses)‬
1: 8 And there came to me the word of the LORD, the LORD, that is, the tribe of Zu'ath, to be faithful.
2: 8 Thus says the LORD, O LORD, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Son of God.
2: 8 So the mother said, "O LORD, the LORD, I have given birth to the children of Zion, and I have given them the daughter of the children of Israel, and the children of Israel have been married to them, and the children of Israel have been called to inherit their land." "The people of Israel have been destroyed, the people of Israel have been destroyed, the people of Israel have been destroyed, and the LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the Savior, the Savior, the Savior."
4: 8 Thus says the LORD, O LORD, the LORD is the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD.
5: 8 And Rehob went to the city of Jerusalem, saying, "The children of Israel were born, and the children of Israel were born, and the children of Israel were fighting in battle."
6: 6 Thus saith the LORD, O LORD, that thou shalt be afraid of me; for it is not in the sight of the remnant of the people, but of them that are not in the sight of them; but they are also in my sight;
7: 8 Thus saith the LORD, O Jehovah, the tribe of Zephaniah, Behold, I will bring the people of Amaziah away from the land of Mizrah, and it shall come out of the midst of the land of Samaria.
8: 8 And when they brought them, they brought them to the house of the children of Israel, and they became their wives, and they became their wives, and they were there, and they came to them, and they said to them, "I will give them to them, and they will return to their land, and they will return to their land."
9: 8 Cֽh-amr֮ LORD Tzbaot֒ Thz֣knh Idic֔m Hsֽmaim֙ Bim֣im Ha֔lh A֖t Hdbr֣im Ha֑lh Mfi֙ Hnbia֔im A֠sr Bi֞om Is֨d Bit-iho֧h Tzba֛ot Hhic֖l Lhbnֽot:
10: 8 C֗i Lfni֙ Him֣im Hh֔m Sc֤r Hֽadm֙ L֣a Nֽhi֔h and Sc֥r Hbhm֖h Ain֑nh and Liotz֨a and Lb֤a Ain-slom֙ Mn-htz֔r and Asl֥h At-cl-had֖m A֥is Braֽho:
11: 8 And when they came, they were not as they were, they were rebellious, but they were not, but they were not able to keep their promise.
12: 8 Cֽi-z֣ra Hsl֗om Hg֜fn Tt֤n Frih֙ and Ha֙rtz֙ Tt֣n At-ibol֔h and Hsm֖im Itn֣o Tl֑m and Hnhlt֗i At-sar֛it Ha֥m Hz֖h At-cl-aֽlh:
13: 8 And he gave it to them, as they were, and they were not cursed, but they were the children of the LORD: the LORD was the LORD, and the children of Israel were there, so that they were in their hands, and they were in their midst, and they were not in thy land, neither were they afraid, but they were strong, and they were strong.
14: 8 When I said, I said, O LORD, thou shalt be the captain of the captives, as as a woman, and when thou hast come unto me, behold, I will come unto you in the shortest time, and I will come unto thee, and I will come unto thee, O LORD, O LORD, O LORD, I beseech thee, thou shalt be afraid.
15: 8 So, when I saw that I was in the house, when did I come to the house of the children of Israel, to turn away the children of Israel, and to the house of Yahweh, but to the LORD,
16: 8 And I said unto him, The LORD hath said, I am the LORD, and I have spoken unto thee, Thou shalt not bear witness; and there is no man, but thou shalt not trust him. Truly, thou art truthful: and he that hath the power of judgment shall not be put to death;
17: 8 And there was a man, a man of evil, and a wicked man; they were in the midst of them; and they dwelt in the midst of them; and he dwelt among them: but the LORD was with him; and the people of Israel were with him, and all the people of Israel were destroyed.
18: 8 And there came to me the word of the LORD, Jehovah, that is, Zebua, that is, I will come unto you.
19: 8 Cֽh-am֞r LORD Tzba֗ot Tz֣om Hrbia֡i and Tz֣om Hhmisi֩ and Tz֨om Hsbia֜i and Tz֣om Hasir֗i Ihi֤h Lbit-ihodh֙ Lss֣on and Lsmh֔h and ֽlmad֖im Tob֑im and Ham֥t and Hsl֖om Ahֽbo: P.
20: 8 Then the Lord, the Lord, the Son of the Lord, commanded the people of the land, and the people of the land, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land.
21: 8 And these are those who sit with me, and go to the house of the LORD, saying unto him, Come down, let us go, and let him go before thee, O Jehovah, and he that hath consumed thee, O LORD, behold, I will go to the house of the LORD, and I will bring thee to thee.
22: 8 And when they were with them, they multiplied many, and they came to them, that they might not be satisfied, but they brought the LORD out of the house, and commanded them to go out, and destroyed their inheritance, and they began to destroy the face of the LORD.
23: 8 C֥h [C] Amr֮ LORD Tzbaot֒ Bim֣im Hh֔mh As֤r Ihz֙iko֙ Asr֣h Ans֔im Mc֖l Lsn֣ot Hgoi֑m and ֽhhz֡iko Bcnf֩ A֨is Ihod֜i Lam֗r Nֽlch֙ Amc֔m C֥i Sm֖ano Alh֥im Amcֽm: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 9   (17 verses)‬
1: 9 משש֤֤֤א דבבררְהוהו֙ה בְּּא֣֣רץץ חדדרר֔֔ך ו דדממ֖֖שׂקק מננחח֑ת֑הו֤י֤י לה לֽהֽה֙ו֙ה ע֣י֣ין אדד֔ו֔ם וככּ֖ל של שׁבב֥ט֥֥י יששׂראאֽֽל::
2: 9 And it came to pass, that thou shalt fight, and behold, thou shalt go down, and hunt for the fire, for it is not the bread of the vineyard;
3: 9 And the son of Zor, the son of Zerah, came to Mizpah, and besieged it, and gave him a cup of bread, and he gave him another pot of burnt bread.
4: 9 Behold, Adonai is one of them: the children of Nerash, the son of Nunah, and Hachamah, because of them, they are the soldiers of the people, and they are the ones who are in the midst of the trouble.
5: 9 Thou shalt not bear the burden of adultery; and let it be, and it shall be, and it shall be, and it shall come to pass, and it shall come to pass, and it shall come to pass, and the voice of the LORD shall be lifted up, because the man shall not be afraid;
6: 9 And there was a flame in the wall, and it was in the grass, and there was a vineyard, and a vineyard.
7: 9 And the immorality of his blood, and his lusts, and his lusts, were not in him, but they were not in his sleep, and they rose up to the ground, and they turned away from him, and they turned away from him, and they came to him, as if they were in the midst of them, and they were in the midst of them.
8: 9 And I will be with you, and I will go to the house of the tribe, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
9: 9 Behold, I am the daughter of the daughter of Tzion, the son of Jerai'i, of the tribe of Jerusaelm; for she is not her; she is your angel, and she is your father; for you are a hunter, and a son of Zion, and a man of the people.
10: 9 and Hcrti-r֣cb Mafr֗im and Sos֙ Mir֣osl֔m and Ncrth֙ K֣st Mlhm֔h and Db֥r Sl֖om Lgoi֑m and Mslo֙ Mi֣m Ad-i֔m and Mnh֖r Ad-afsi-aֽrtz:
11: 9 Even if you were in the midst of your own righteousness, I would have given up my inheritance, but I will not let you go.
12: 9 When his heart is in sorrow, I will not let him go, but I will bring him to death, and I will give you a shield from the fire, and I will bring it to you.
13: 9 When the children of Israel went down to Me, Jehoah, the LORD, the Israelites, the Israelites, and the Israelites.
14: 9 And the LORD hath given unto him, that which he hath given unto him, that he hath given unto him, and he hath given him his strength, and he hath given it to him, and he hath given it to him.
15: 9 The LORD, the LORD, hath commanded them, and they shall not eat, and they shall be consumed, and the children of the children of Israel shall be consumed, and they shall be ashamed of them, and they shall be like them, and they shall not be like the children of Mizbah.
16: 9 And the Lord, the Lord, is the LORD, O God, the God of them, because they are the people of the earth, and they are the people of the people, the people of the seed, and of the children of Israel.
17: 9 So that what is the meaning of the word, and what is it, that is, it is a grain of grain, and it is a grain of wine, and it is the bread of the wine;
‪xxxx  Chapter 10   (12 verses)‬
1: 10 Shall I ask you, O Lord, that I may go to the house of the Lord, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you, and I will return to you.
2: 10 C֧i Htrf֣im Dbro-a֗on and Hkֽosmim֙ H֣zo S֔kr and ֽhlmot֙ Hs֣oa [U] Idb֔ro H֖bl Inֽhm֑on Al-cn֙ Nsa֣o Cmo-tz֔an Ian֖o Cֽi-a֥in Raֽh: P.
And the children of the children of Israel were destroyed, and the children of Israel were destroyed, and the people of Israel were destroyed, and the people of Israel were destroyed, and the people of Judah were destroyed.
4: 10 From there we went, and from there we came, and from there we came, and from there we came from the sea, and from there we came, from where we came, and all the people of the land came together, because they were afraid.
5:10 And they were as they were, as they were, and they were not ashamed, but they were ashamed of the children of the kingdom, because they fought against the LORD, and they fought against them, because the LORD was with them, and their people were victorious, and they were defeated.
6: 10 Gbrt֣i | At-b֣it Ihod֗h and At-b֤it Iosf֙ Aos֔ia and Hֽosbotim֙ C֣i Rֽhmt֔im and Hi֖o Cas֣r Lֽa-znht֑im C֗i An֛i Iho֥h Alhih֖m and Aanֽm:
7: 10 And they were like the mighty men of Ephraim, and they made their hearts to them as they were, and their sons, and their children, saw him, and made him happy;
8: 10 As for them, they were gathered together, and they gathered them, because they were afraid of them, and they multiplied, and as they were, they multiplied.
9: 10 And Zeraim, who is in the midst of them, shall not remember me; and I will live with them, and I will raise up their children for them, and they will return to them.
10: 10 And the captives of the captives came out of Mezron, the land of Mizoram, and from them they were captivated, and gathered them, and unto the land of Gilboa, and the sons of Laban, the fathers of them, and they were not brought to them, but they came to them.
11: 10 And the sons of the sons of the sons of Israel were thirsty, and the sons of the children of Israel were burned, and the children of the tribe of Israel were saved, and there was no escape from them, and they were destroyed, and the people of Judah went down, and they were destroyed, and the tribe of Israel was burned down.
12: 10 And the mighty men were with him; they were in the house of the LORD, and they were in the house of the LORD.
‪xxxx  Chapter 11   (17 verses)‬
1: 11 Thou shalt smite the children of thy flesh, and thou shalt eat, and eat in thy land.
2: 11 Behold, in the midst of the land of the land of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
2: 11 קּ֚ו֚ל י יֽללל֣ל֣ל֣ת הרעע֔ה֔ה כה֥ה שהַהַּר֣דּֽת:ן:ה֖ה אהַהַּרֵדֽתֽן: ס.
4:11 So the LORD said unto him, O LORD, O God, beware, thou shalt go up thither;
5: 11 As for the people of Zion, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel.
6: 11 C֠i L֣a Ahm֥ol A֛od Al-isb֥i Ha֖rtz Nam-iho֑h and Hn֨h Anc֜i Mmtz֣ia At-had֗m A֤is Bid-ra֙ho֙ and Bi֣d Mlc֔o and Ctto֙ At-ha֔rtz and L֥a Atz֖il Midֽm:
7:11 וֽארעְר֙ע֙תתת-צ֣אֽן הֽהֵרגג֔א֔ה לככ֖י֖ן עננ֣י֣י הצצ֑א ון וא֣התהצלצצ֞א ון֣ה אהצל֞ה֞ה֣ה֣ה֣התהתהצהצהצה֣ה אה אה אהצהצהצהצה֣ה אה אה אהצהצהצה֣ה אה אה אהצהצהצהצה אה אה אהצהצהצהצה אה אה אה אהצהצהצה אה אה אה אהֹהֹהֹה אה אה אה אהֹהֹהֹה אה אה אה אהֹהֹהֹה אה אה אה אה אהֹהֹה אה אה אה אה אהֹהֹהֹה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה אה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:הֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:ה:הֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהְֹה:ה:ה אהֹהֹהֹהֹה:הֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹהֹ
8: 11 And I will make sure that the wife of the shepherd is not in the midst of another man, and the children of the children of the tribe of Nakhshai were in the midst of them, and even their souls were ashamed of them.
9: 11 And Amor, the son of Levi, came down to the house of the dead, and the woman died, and the women came to the house, and the women went to the house, and the women went to the house, and the women went to the house.
10: 11 And he took the rod of me, and brought it to its feet, and turned it away from the house of Berith; but as it was, I saw that I had destroyed all the people.
11: 11 And Thoupheth the son of the sons of Hahah, and the people of the land, for they have given me the charge of the flock, because they have been saved, and have not been married, so that the words of the LORD are spoken to them.
12: 11 And it came to pass, that the people of Israel were with them, and that they were in the midst of thy eyes; but they were not, and they were not servants; and they were not, and they had taken away their wages; they were three hundred;
13: 11 I֨amr Iho֜h Al֗i Hslic֙ho֙ Al-hiotz֔r A֣dr Hik֔r As֥r Ik֖rti Mֽalih֑m and ֽakhh֙ Sls֣im Hc֔sf and Asl֥ic At֛o B֥it Iho֖h Al-hiotzֽr:
14:11 וֽאגגדּע֙ע֙ת֙ת-מקק֣ל֣ל֣י השש֔֔נ֔י֔ה החתש֔ת הַה החחֽבּ֔לֽה החבּ֑ל֑ב֑ה לפב֙ר֙ת-הת-הֽאחה֔וו֔ה בה בה֥ה֥ה יה יהּהּהּהו֖ה ו֥ב֥ין יששָרֽאֽל:ל::
15: 11 And the Lord said, O LORD, come unto me, O LORD, take thy hand, and as it is, all the evil shall be upon thee, O God,
16: 11 C֣i Hnֽh-anci֩ Mk֨im Ra֜h Ba֗rtz Hnchd֤ot Lֽa-ifkd֙ Hn֣ar Lֽa-ibk֔s and Hnsb֖rt L֣a Irf֑a Hntzbh֙ L֣a Iclc֔l and Bs֤r Hbriah֙ Iac֔l and Frsih֖n Ifrֽk: S.
17: 11 Thou shalt be evil: for the Lord is the God of the wicked, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the merciful.
‪xxxx  Chapter 12   (14 verses)‬
1: 12 משש֥֥֥א דבברר-הוהו֖֖ה עלל-ששרראא֑ל נל נאא-ים-הוהו֗ה נ נ֤ט֤ה ש ש֙מ֙י֙ם֙ם וסס֣ד אא֔רץץ צו֥ר֖רֽרֽחח-אאדד֖םם בְּּקְרֽבֽוֽו:ם פ
2: 12 Now, behold, the people of Israel, who have brought the Jews to death, have not yet turned away from all the people, because they are turning away from them, and their anger is against Yahweh, but it is not the people of Israel that are in the land of Israel, but against them.
3:12 And it was the day of the LORD's day, that they had taken Jerashloth, but they were not the sons of Moses, but Moses was all the people of the people, and the people of the tribe of Israel were scattered among them, and the people of Israel went up against them, so that they might go up,
4: 12 Behold, this is the voice of the Lord, and I will give you all the strength of the earth, and I will multiply it in the midst of the wickedness, and upon the Son of the Son of Judah, I will see the eyes of the eyes, and all the souls of the people will be destroyed. And I will come to you, and I will be with you.
5: 12 And he said unto them, O son of the people of Israel, behold, Yahweh, the LORD, is in the heart: for he hath believed me, that I may return to them, that they may be destroyed;
6: 12 Bi֣om Hh֡oa Asim֩ At-alf֨i Ihod֜h Cֽci֧or A֣s Batz֗im and Clf֥id As֙ Bam֔ir and A֨cl֜o Al-im֧in and Al-sm֛aol At-cl-ham֖im Sb֑ib and Isb֨h Irosl֥m A֛od Tht֖ih Biroslֽm: P.
7: 12 And the Lord, the LORD, hath given thee the command of the LORD, O Yahweh, the son of Abraham, the son of David, the son of David, the son of David, and the daughter of David, and the inheritance of the children of Israel, and their inheritance against Judah.
8: 12 Behold, this is the day of the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, the people of Israel, and the people of Israel, and the people of the land, and the people of the land, and the land of Israel.
9: 12 And he, behold, I am with him, and this is his father; and I will not be able to destroy all the people of the nations that have come to the land of Israel.
10: 12 Sfcti֩ Al-b֨it Do֜id and A֣l | Ios֣b Irosl֗m R֤oh Hn֙ and T֣hnon֔im and Hb֥ito Al֖i A֣t Asr-dk֑ro and Sfd֣o Al֗io Cmsfd֙ Al-hih֔id and Hm֥r Al֖io Chm֥r Aֽl-hbcֽor:
11: 12 Behold, this is the day of the Lord, and the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Lord of the Throne, the Lord of the Throne, the Merciful, the Lord of the Lord, the Lord of the Heavens.
12: 12 And he gave up the house of the LORD, the family of the family, the families of the family, and the families of the children of the house of David, and the children of the house of David, and the children of the tribe of Nathan, the children of Laban, and the sons of Nathan,
13: 12 The house of my house is the house of my heart, and their hearts are white, and I am afraid of them, because I have heard the voice of my heart, and I am afraid of them.
14: 12 As for the families of the families, they are the descendants of the families of the family, and the families of the families of the children, and their wives, and their wives.
‪xxxx  Chapter 13   (9 verses)‬
1: 13 Behold, the Lord is the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the World, and the Lord of the World.
2: 13 Hih֩ Bi֨om Hh֜oa Na֣m | LORD Tzba֗ot Acr֞it At-sm֤ot Hֽatzbim֙ Mn-ha֔rtz and L֥a Izcr֖o A֑od and G֧m At-hnbia֛im and At-r֥oh Htma֖h Aab֥ir Mn-haֽrtz:
3: 13 Hi֗h Cֽi-inb֣a Ais֮ Aod֒ and Amr֣o A֠lio Ab֨io and Am֤o Iֽldio֙ L֣a Tֽhi֔h C֛i S֥kr Db֖rt Bs֣m Iho֑h and Dkr֜ho Ab֧iho and Am֛o Ild֖io Bhnbaֽo:
4:13 And he, behold, the sons of the sons of Judah, the sons of Judah, the sons of the tribe, and the sons of the tribe of Zechariah;
5:13 And the mother said, Lo, I am not a prophet; for I am not a man, but a man is a man;
6: 13 And if the LORD be satisfied with him, he will not be able to give you the gift of your hands, and I will not lift up your hands, and I will not be afraid of you.
7: 13 And the people of the land of Gilead returned to the land of Amorite, but they were not in the house of the LORD, but the people of Zabo, the cities of Hathaath, and Zerua, were there, and they were scattered among them, and the inhabitants returned, and they returned again, and they returned to the land of Zion.
8:13 13 And she was with her in all the men of the land, saying, "Behold, I will be with you." "Behold, I will be honored, and I will beware of you, and I will beware of you."
9: 13 Hbat֤i At-hslsit֙ Ba֔s and Tzrftim֙ Ctzr֣f At-hc֔sf and Bhnt֖im Cbh֣n At-hzh֑b H֣oa | Ikr֣a Bsm֗i and ֽani֙ Aan֣h At֔o Am֙rti֙ Am֣i H֔oa and H֥oa Iam֖r Iho֥h Alhֽi: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 14   (21 verses)‬
1: 14 Behold, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds, and the Chaldeans, the Lord of the World, is in your midst.
2: 14 Asft֨i At-cl-hgoi֥m | Aֽl-iroslm֮ Lmlhmh֒ and Nlcd֣h Ha֗ir and Ns֙so֙ Hb֣t֔im and Hns֖im * Tsglnh ** Tsc֑bnh and Itz֞a Htz֤i Hair֙ Bgol֔h and I֣tr Ha֔m L֥a Icr֖t Mn-haֽir:
3: 14 And the LORD commanded them, and they went away, because they had come to them, and they had given them up, because they were in their midst, and they were in the midst of them. [Q] [n] [v]
4: 14 Amd֣o Rgl֣io Biom-h֠hoa Al-h֨r Hzt֜im [U] As֨r Al-fn֥i Iroslm֮ Mkdm֒ and Nbka֩ H֨r Hzit֤im Mֽhtzio֙ Mzr֣hh and I֔mh G֖ia Gdol֣h Ma֑d and M֨s Htz֥i Hh֛r Tzf֖onh and Htzio-nֽgbh:
5: 14 Nst֣m Gֽia-hr֗i Cֽi-ig֣ia Gi-hrim֮ Al-atzl֒ and Nst֗m Cas֤r Nstm֙ Mfn֣i Hr֔as Bim֖i Azi֣h Mֽlc-ihod֑h and Ba֙ LORD Alh֔i Cl-kds֖im Amֽc:
6:14 And behold, behold, I am with them, this is not a curse, but it is not a covenant, but a reproach, a cold thing, and a cry;
7: 14 And he, behold, the day of his brother, the LORD, he was afraid, and he was afraid of him; and he was not afraid of them, neither was he afraid of him; and he was the wife of Leah, because he was angry with him.
8: 14 And there was a son: the house of the children of the house, and the house of the children of the tribe of Mordecai. And the children of Haham, the children of Hachammon, were there, and the children of Hacham were still with them.
9:14 And Yahweh, the LORD, hath given it to thee over all the earth, that is, that it may be, behold, the LORD is the LORD, and he is his brother, and his name is his brother.
10: 14 Is֨ob Cl-ha֤rtz Carbh֙ Mg֣ba Lrm֔on N֖gb Irֽosl֑m and ֽramh֩ and Isb֨h Tht֜ih Lms֣ar Bnim֗n Ad-mk֞om S֤ar Hֽrason֙ Ad-s֣ar Hfn֔im and Mgd֣l Hnna֔l A֖d Ikb֥i Hmֽlc:
11: 14 And they that sat with her, and the sons of Merom, were not married; they were not married; and they dwelt among them, and they rode against them, so that they could not return.
12: 14 Z֣at | Tֽhi֣h Hmgf֗h As֨r Ig֤f Ihoh֙ At-cl-h֣am֔im As֥r Tzba֖o Al-irosl֑m Hm֣k | Bsr֗o and Hoa֙ Am֣d Al-rgl֔io and Ainio֙ Tm֣knh Bhֽrih֔n and Lson֖o Tm֥k Bfihֽm:
13:14 And there was a house in the house of the LORD, and it was a city, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall, and there was a wall on it.
14:14 And the children of Jahudah, the sons of Thalath, were destroyed, and the children of Bazir were destroyed, and they were still in the camp, and all the generations were gone, even though they were round about, and they were burning, and there was a great multitude, and they were far from the mountains.
15: 14 And so, behold, thou shalt give it unto me, that is, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, and the mighty, the mighty, and the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty.
16: 14 Hi֗h Cl-hnotr֙ Mcl-hgoi֔m Hba֖im Al-irֽosl֑m and Al֞o Md֧i Sn֣h Bsn֗h Lhֽsthoֺt֙ Lm֙lc֙ LORD Tzba֔ot and Lh֖g At-h֥g Hscֽot:
17: 14 And, behold, there was as much as the people of the tribe of Israel, the people of the tribe of Israel, the inhabitants of the land of Israel, the inhabitants of the land of Israel, the inhabitants of the land of Israel, the inhabitants of the land of Israel, the inhabitants of the land of Israel, and the inhabitants of the land of Israel.
18: 14 Am-msf֨ht Mtzr֧im Lֽa-tal֛h and L֥a Ba֖h and L֣a Alih֑m Tֽhi֣h Hmgf֗h As֨r Ig֤f Ihoh֙ At-hgoi֔m Asr֙ L֣a Iֽal֔o Lh֖g At-h֥g Hscֽot:
19: 14 And behold, thou shalt be a sinner, and thou shalt bring down unto Egypt: and thou shalt defile all the men of the world, even though it is not in them.
20: 14 Behold, this is the day of the Lord, that is, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty;
21: 14 ֠hih Cl-s֨ir Birosl֜m and Bֽihod֗h K֚ds Liho֣h Tzba֔ot and B֙ao֙ Cl-hz֣bh֔im and Lkh֥o Mh֖m and Bsl֣o Bh֑m and La-ihi֨h Cnan֥i A֛od Bbit-iho֥h Tzba֖ot Bi֥om Hhֽoa:
‪xxxx    End of Zechariah (14 chapters, 211 verses).
