‪xxxx    Produced by the J. Alan Groves Center for Advanced Biblical Research‬
‪xxxx    2960 Church Road / Glenside, PA 19038-2000 / USA‬
‪xxxx    Editor: Stephen K. Salisbury <Steve@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Senior Editor: Kirk E. Lowery <Kirk@GrovesCenter.org>‬
‪xxxx    Transcriber: Christopher V. Kimball, West Redding, CT USA‬
‪xxxx    Transcribed by WLC2XML of 28 July 2016 at 12 Aug 2017 @ 15:45.45. Build number: 25.2.‬
‪xxxx    Transformed to text by XML2Text.xsl.xml of 2 Jun 2011 at 2017-08-12  15:44, Build number: 25.2. ‬
‪xxxx    Layout: Full; Content: Accents.‬
‪xxxx    Zephaniah (3 chapters, 53 verses).‬
‪xxxx  Chapter 1   (18 verses)‬
1: 1 Speak unto me, O son of Israel, unto Zephaniah, son of Kushash, son of Gedaliah, son of Amorai, son of Hazekiah, son of Bezekiah, son of David, son of Ahazai, son of Abraham, son of Amaziah, son of Jehadah, and Judah.
2: 1 Assof was crucified as a child, and he went up to the house of the children of Israel.
3: 1 I will lift them up, and they will die, and they will not go astray, but they will not go down, but they will be destroyed, and they will not turn away from the wicked, and they will destroy the men, and they will not turn away from them.
4: 1 And I will bring my children to the throne of Yahweh, and I will go down to them all, that is, their inheritance, and they shall be cut off from their mouths: and this is what they have done to the people of Israel, that they have given up their wickedness, that they are with the people of the priests.
5: 1 And they made a covenant with the Haggoth, and commanded the tribe of the Levites, and the Levites, and the Levites, the Levites, the Levites, the Levites, and the Anashabites, in their kingdom.
6: 1 And the snooze from after the LORD, O LORD, and he that is not afraid, he hath not taken away the LORD, nor hath he taken away his inheritance.
7: 1 Behold, I am with you, O LORD, O LORD! Behold, when I come near, I will come to you, and I will bring them to death.
8: 1 And behold, it is in the day of Zechariah, that is, in the name of the LORD, that is, and thou shalt not go up against the children of the captives, and upon the sons of the children, which is upon thee, and all the threshing-floor shall be filled with bread, and they shall be consumed with wine.
9: 1 And I will be full of all the children of the generations, because of the women of the tribe, because they are in the house of the LORD, and behold, they are the children of the house, and the people of the land, the children of Adonijah, are there.
10: 1 And behold, the children of the house of the LORD were in the house of the LORD, and the people of the land, and of the tribe of Judah, and of the tribe of Gibor, of the tribe of Gibeah, of the tribe of Judah.
11: 1 Behold, I will bring him down: for I have gone to the house of the king, so that all of them shall be destroyed, so that all of them shall be destroyed, so that all of them shall be destroyed.
12: 1 and Hih֙ Ba֣t Hh֔ia Ahf֥s At-irosl֖m Bnr֑ot and Fkdt֣i Al-hans֗im Hkֽfaim֙ Al-smrih֔m Haֽmrim֙ Blbb֔m Lֽa-iit֥ib Iho֖h and L֥a Irֽa:
13: 1 And he was a soldier, a servant, a servant of his children, and his sons, because they were with him, and his children were born to him, and they were not in his house, neither were his captives, and they were driven away as they were, and they were not.
14: 1 The first day of the day is the day of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, and of the Lord of the Universe, and of the Lord, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord of the Universe, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord of the Universe.
15: 1 And when Abram was angry, he said unto them, Behold, thou shalt not be satisfied; and they shall not be oppressed: and they shall be oppressed, and they shall not be put to death, nor shall they be oppressed, nor shall they be oppressed, nor shall they be oppressed.
16: 1 The Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the worlds, the Lord of the earth, the Lord of the earth, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty;
17: 1 And I beseech thee, to them that are, and they shall be crucified, so that they may be cursed, so that they may return to him, and they shall not be with you, but they shall be with you, and they shall be with you, and they shall be with you, and they shall be with you.
18: 1 Gm-csf֨m Gm-zhb֜m Lֽa-ioc֣l Lhtzil֗m Biom֙ Abr֣t Iho֔h and Bas֙ Knat֔o Tac֖l Cl-ha֑rtz Cֽi-cl֤h Ac-nbhlh֙ Iֽas֔h A֥t Cl-isb֖i Haֽrtz: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 2   (15 verses)‬
1: 2 Thou shalt not perish, and go astray, and fear, and glorify him;
2: 2 בטּר֙ר֙ם לּ֣דתּת חת חה֔ה֔ק כמ֖ע֖ץ ע֣בַב֑ר֑ם כם בטּטּ֣רםם לםַה עה עה עה עם עה עם חה עם חה֗ה֗ה֗ה֗ה֗ה֗ם חה עם חם חה חם חה חה חם חם חם חם חם חם חם חם חה חה חם חם חם חם חם חם חם חם חם חם חם חה חם חם חם חם חם חם חם חם חם חם חם חם חם חם חם חםו עםו עםו עםו עםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםוּםו אםו אםו אםו אםוּםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו אםו
3: 2 Behold, thou hast brought the LORD, all the people of the land, even the land, as he hath judged his wickedness, and he hath made his way through the land of the tribe of Tzedek, in the midst of the land of the land of Israel, the land of the land of the land, and of the land of the land.
4: 2 Wherefore is the goat, the goat, the beast, the beast, and the sheep;
5: 2 The people of Israel have returned to the land of Israel, and the people of Israel have come to them, saying, "Behold, I will go to you, and I will go to you, and I will go to you, and I will not return to you."
6: 2 And behold, it was the same day, that is, they were not, but they were evil, they were evil, and they were great;
7: 2 And behold, there is no god but the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the LORD, the God of Israel.
8: 2 My name is My people, and I am a stranger, and I am a great man, and I am a great man, but I am with you, I am with you, and I will be with you, and I will be with you, and I will not go down with you.
9: 2 Lc֣n Hi-a֡ni Nam֩ Iho֨h Tzba֜ot Alh֣i Isra֗l Cֽi-moa֞b Csd֤m Tֽhih֙ and Bn֤i Amon֙ Cֽamr֔h Mms֥k Hr֛ol and Mcrh-m֥lh and Smm֖h Ad-aol֑m Sar֤it Ami֙ Ibz֔om and I֥tr * ** Goi֖i Inhlֽom: Gentile
10: 2 And I brought them unto them: for they were great men of their own, for they were not worthy of reproach, and they were magnified by their wrath, because they were the LORD.
11: 2 Nor is Yahweh, O Israel, arrogant to them, but to him, O Israel, he is the LORD, and he is the God of all Israel, and he is the LORD, and the LORD is the one who is with him.
12: 2 And you are not ashamed of them, but they are ashamed of you, and I am not afraid of them.
13: 2 And his hand went down, even on the side of the wall, and he went down, and brought fire to Ishur, and he brought them down, and they brought them to the ground, and they were there, and Zechariah was like Mordecai.
14: 2 And they shall clothe him in all thy ways, even unto him, even unto all his life, even unto him, even unto him, even unto him, even in the mouth of the furnace of the furnace: for they shall come to him, and he shall be ashamed of them; and he shall be ashamed of them, and he shall not be afraid of them, neither shall he be afraid of them.
15: 2 Z֞֠at [C] [c] Ha֤ir Halizh֙ Hios֣bt Lb֔th Haֽmrh֙ Blbb֔h An֖i and Afs֣i A֑od A֣ic | Hit֣h Lsm֗h Mrbtz֙ Lֽhi֔h C֚l Aob֣r Al֔ih Isr֖k In֥ia Idֽo: S.
‪xxxx  Chapter 3   (20 verses)‬
1: 3 Behold, he is not afraid, and he has been redeemed: for he is the one who sees the moon.
2: 3 Lo, I heard the voice of the Lord, and the voice of the Lord, the voice of the Lord, the voice of the Lord, the voice of the Lord, the Lord of the worlds.
3: 3 The people of Israel are in the midst of it; they are the people of Israel, the people of the land, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel, the people of Israel and the people of Israel.
4: 3 Nebihah, the son of the king, of the tribe of Ahaz, of the tribe of Anashah, of the tribe of Boaz, of the tribe of Zechariah, of Zechariah, of Hebron, of Hebron, of Hebron, of Hesham, of Hebron, of Thorah,
5: 3 Yahweh is a righteous man, who is in the midst of his life; he is not a man; he is the son of the idolater; he is the son of the son of the son of the son of the son of Abraham; the son of the son of the son of David, the son of David, the son of David;
6: 3 Behold, they have gone, they have gone to sleep; they have been destroyed; they have been turned away; they have been burned; they have not been saved; they have not gone away; they have gone out of their way;
7: 3 If thou art my wife, thou art afraid of me: thou shalt not take it: thou shalt be ashamed, and thou shalt not be ashamed of it: for it is not for me, but for it that I have given up, that I have given up on it, that I may eat it, that it may be drunk, and destroy it, and cause it to be consumed by all their iniquities.
8: 3 Lc֤n Hco-li֙ Nam-iho֔h Li֖om Kom֣i La֑d C֣i Msfti֩ Las֨f Goi֜m Lkbtz֣i Mmlc֗ot Lsf֨c Alih֤m Zami֙ C֚l Hr֣on Af֔i C֚i Ba֣s Knat֔i Tac֖l Cl-haֽrtz:
9: 3 When the people of Israel came up against you, they came to the people of the land, and the people of the land, the people of the land, and the people of Israel;
10: 3 He said to them, "Go down, and go up to the mountains of Beth-Tov." [Q] [n] [p] Yoel, son of Munnathamah.
11: 3 Bi֣om Hh֗oa L֤a Tb֙osi֙ Mc֣l Alilt֔ic As֥r Fs֖at B֑i Ci-a֣z | As֣ir Mkrb֗c Alizi֙ Gaot֔c and Lֽa-tos֧fi Lgbh֛h A֖od Bh֥r Kdsֽi:
12: 3 And you shall remain in me, because they are near you, because they are with me, and they are in trouble.
13: 3 The remnant of Israel shall not be afraid, neither shall he do it; but he shall not go into it; and he shall not go into it; and he shall not be ashamed; but he shall not be in his mouth; but he shall not be afraid; for he shall not be afraid;
14: 3 Behold, Renni is the daughter of Tzvi, the son of Zeraih, the son of Zeraih, whose name is Shiloh, and the land of the children of Laban, the inheritance of Yerushalayim.
15: 3 Let the Lord be with you, O Israel, and he that is the judge of thee, and he that is the son of Israel;
16: 3 Behold, this is the day of the Lord, and the Lord is the Lord, and the Lord is the One, and the Lord is the One, and the Lord is the One, and the Lord is not.
17: 3 The LORD, may God have mercy on you, will bring you closer to you. [U] The mighty man of the people of Israel is a man who is living in the land of Israel, and he is living in the land of Israel.
18: 3 Nugue, I am afraid of you; I will not lift you up from your mouth, but I will not lift up the burden on her.
19: 3 Behold, thou shalt do all the things of this thing: and thou shalt bring salvation to the tzulah, and the vanity, I will gather the thorns, and set fire to the house of the LORD, and it shall be done to them in all things, and they shall be satisfied with them.
20: 3 Ba֤t Hhia֙ Ab֣ia Atc֔m and Ba֖t Kbtz֣i Atc֑m Cֽi-at֨n Atc֜m Ls֣m and Lthl֗h Bcl֙ Am֣i Ha֔rtz Bsob֧i At-sbotic֛m Lainic֖m Am֥r Ihoֽh:
‪xxxx    End of Zephaniah (3 chapters, 53 verses).
